,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or0-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",4 day stay and no faults,"Room small, but clean and everything you need. Location is great, few minutes away from the tube, few minutes away from the bus. Plenty of restaurants around and great breakfast at the property. In very posh area. For the price you pay its just great. I would stay again. Very friendly receiption.",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or0-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Awful. Rude disinterested staff, not welcoming at all.","Overnight stay via booking.com.  desk staff couldn't have been less helpful if they tried when trying to book in, both on phone and in person.  It was as if we were getting in the way of their work.  Room in what appeared to be basement. Small not particularly clean, bed up against wall was not comfortable at all.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or0-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,"I am so not a complainer, having worked in the service industry myself fo many years, I am pretty patient and understanding. However, this 'hotel' made me uncomfortable from the moment we shoved open the door on Wednesday. No greeting, zero customer service. Room looked OK at first, new paint and pictures on the walls. However, there were no curtains, just a dodgy broken blind. The room smelled of the bathroom, walls like paper and a sash window with no secondary glazing. There didn't seem to be any women working at the hotel, for some reason this made me feel less safe, although I appreciate that is personal to me. The noise from the basement/garden  shisha bar was the main problem, it sounded like the guys were just next to us! As a half term treat to visit London for my ASD son, we couldn't get any sleep, so it just wasn't for us. So, we checked out just before 1am and sought refuge in the Holiday Inn down the road.  …",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or0-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",A Hotel? More like a death trap,"If I could rate this hotel a zero I would. Do not waste your time even entertaining this joke of a place to stay. It was a complete embarrassment taking my family here. Someone needs an award for their photo shopping skills because their room is nothing like the photos you see online,so 10/10 to whoever's came up with a masterpiece to go to all the effort to cover up and edit out the blood stained sheets, mildew bathroom, stained carpets, smashed mirrors; my list could go on and on. Please pay attention to all the reviews as there are plenty of them saying the same thing.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or0-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel should be shut down!!,"I have just returned from a 2 night stay in this horrible horrible place.  Please pay attention to the reviews this is not a hotel it is not even classed as a hostel it is absolutely disgusting. Staff are non existent and when we did finally get to speak to someone at reception they were extremely rude and unhelpful.  We even witnessed someone else at reception being refused the room they booked (lucky escape) because they didn't have their passport.  Do not even start me on the rooms, massive stains of goodness knows what on the floor, blood stained beds, dodgy electrics which is nothing short of a disaster waiting to happen and the bathrooms are foul full of mould, cracked sinks and cracked tiles.   We were also kept up all night with the blaring music coming from the shisha bar next door.... Which there is no mention of anywhere and it's open till 4am. I was wondering why ear plugs were left on the bed for our arrival!  Please if you have any sense do not waste your money or precious time staying in this hotel its a mini version of hell.  This place should be shut down!!…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or5-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",RISK TO LIFE DO NOT STAY HERE!,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stepped foot in! So bad we didnt feel safe staying. Unclean, blood stained bed sheets, stains on walls and carpets, unsafe electrics. Avoid at all costs absolutely disgusting and staff are no help at all. When we arrived the lift was also jamming and the emergency lighting not working.  Terrible is too kind a rating!",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or5-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap price cheap service stay away,We booked this hotel as a last minute choice without having read the reviews before and we completely regretted it from the first moment. The reception staff was rude and they would hardly understood us. The room was dirty with stained bed sheets and carpet and the toilet wasn't flushed before us. Disgusting,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or5-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Fine for sleeping, 10-15 min walk to underground","Stayed for 3 nights and it was alright - was at the back room so there was a bit of noise but it didn’t go on all night luckily.   The room was hot and felt stuffy so had to open window and put fan on despite -1 temperature outside! It was an old room that’s not been renovated but had couch and tv. Bed was firm and comfortable. Night light wasn’t working. Toiletries and bottled water was provided.  Bathroom needs refurbishing, shower was tiny and can barely move around it and I’m relatively small and slim.   You may have to pay to leave you luggage which is £3 each bag so bear that in mind.  It’s a good 10-15 min walk from either Gloucester Road or Earl’s Court. ",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or5-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Renovated hotel in a lovely neighborhood ,The hotel is very well situated in a convenient location with easy access to various central places to visit!!!  It has been recently renovated and offers all basic comforts for a cozy stay!! Very clean and modern. Amazing bed for a relaxing sleep after numerous hours of walking!!  I would definitely recommend it to anyone traveling to London!!!,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or5-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,Our room was on the ground floor facing a shisha bar playing loud music till 4 AM. Was literally like trying to sleep in the livingroom sofa at a party. It should be illegal to charge for this. Absolutely awful. AVOID AT ALL COSTS,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or10-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",OK it's cheap....but for a reason.,"Needed a reasonable price room in London  (difficult I know). This place had very mixed reviews which averaged out on the not so good side, but decided to take a risk. Reception was OK, arrived at 1400 but room not ready till 1430 (Room 307 ) Couldn't get into the room as the locking system was unservicable, instead of getting a different room was  were let in with a master key and a maintenance guy was called out. He arrived after 15-20 minutes, took him 30 minutes to replace the  circuit to the lock. Room was small, dismal and had a tiny bathroom. Could have managed for a night but then the toilet wouldn't flush . (it later transpired that the toilet wasn't faulty but took about 30 minutes to refill).  I went to ask for a different room, this was delivered but turned out to be…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or10-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"On arrival the staff member at the desk was very disinterested, answered a call while talking to us, and didn’t smile or make us feel at all welcome (not a single staff member cracked a smile over the time we were there) We literally checked in, family got ready, and we went out (we were in London for a show). On return at around 10.30 /11.00, all we could hear was loud Asian music coming from outside....looking out the window to the back, we could see some type of pagoda things, and it seems one was in use (not sure if they are part of the hotel, next door, another hotel)....this music went on until way past midnight....did not make for good sleep. Windows let in both cold and light, and overall it was fairly dilapidated....could do with a lick of paint and some modernisation. …",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or10-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",DISGRACE OF A HOTEL,"By far the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in, 1 star is actually too much.   When you enter the hotel the reception area is neat and very nice, staff weren't overly friendly but still got us what we needed. Luggage hold is down a narrow set of stairs that seem quite dangerous carrying cases down.   We had booked 2 rooms and both were nothing like what the photos online show, one of the couple's we were with complained due to the mess of the carpet in the room as it was black with dirt. They were given another room which was equally as bad and finally a third room which they took so that they could search online for another hotel as we couldn't stay here due to the terrible cleanliness standard they hold.   We ended up getting a refund from the hotel and going to the Ibis which…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or10-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE! ,"If you’re searching for a place to stay for a romantic getaway as a birthday treat for your partner (like I was). Then do not be fooled by the photos. From the outside and from pictures online the place looks reasonable but upon entry there was problems to begin with. Where do I start?! Upon arrival, the staff were rude, didn’t look interested and quite frankly didn’t look like they cared. The man behind the desk was not warm or welcoming when we arrived. After picking up the key card, we had a room downstairs (005) and let’s just say, unimpressed isn’t the word I would use.... the room was tiny, especially for two people, was just a bed and that’s it, don’t think you’re getting a luxurious space. Lights at the bed weren’t bright or safe with loads of exposed areas. Cupboard was…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or10-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",DIRTY HOTEL & RUDE STAFF,"THE WORST HOTEL. Unfriendly and DEFINITELY not helpful staff at reception. Rooms looks nothing like they advertise they are very small an excuse of a hotel room, dirty carpets,  broken window blinds. I have nothing good to say about this hotel! Please refer to photos before you decide to book with this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or15-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel - stay away,"My daughter booked this hotel via lastminute.com for 3 nights. Upon arrival close to midnight the room allocated was dirty, the lock didn’t work and the worst of all was the bedding was not changed. There were hairs, stains and dirts. My daughter asked the reception to get someone to change the bedding but was told that there was no one at the hotel and it was the last room! She phoned me in tears as it was close to midnight. Told her to get an extra bedding and sleep on top of the bed for the night and look for another hotel on the next day. Daughter followed this up in the morning and was promised a full refund upon completion of investigation by lastminute.com. 2 months later they denied this and refuse to refund. I see that several people has gone through similar experience…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or15-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",very clean and comfortable,"better then most hotels in teh area,spacious,very clean bath.It is recomended that you purchase a bus pass,Oyster card or call for a cab at least an hour ahead,as the are is extremely busy.Most Hotels have several levels,this particular one,had someone to help carry suitcases.There are no Lyfst in any in Kensington.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or15-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel ,"I would give 0/5 if I could. We travelled with 3 young children. This hotel was awful, the reception staff couldn’t be bothered to look up from their computer to welcome us, the room backed on to a bar so there was loud music well into the night. The lamps flashed when you tried to plug anything else into the socket. The room was boiling hot despite turning off the radiator. There was a boiling hot pipe running around the room which was dangerous for children. All the tea and coffee making was at knee height so dangerous for children as well. To top off our awful stay a cockroach made an appearance on the final night as well. On check out they tried to add £20 to our bill for food we didn’t have. I would avoid this hotel at all costs.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or15-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","One Of Worst Stays I've Ever Had, No Sleep, Avoid Like The Plague Only A 1 Star","Typical crappy budget hotel. I booked late through Agoda - it was not apparent in any way this was an Oyo. Overpriced. Typical stained carpets , especially on floor 1 landing - what kind of people stay here and what are they doing? Pathetic attempts at removal only highlight the muck that's in the carpets - clean the lot!     I was in room 100 - on the back of he hotel. DO NOT IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES STAY AT THE BACK. ( Take my advice and don't stay at all ).There is a crappy amateur nightcubby hookah smoking music playing water feature running 'attraction' which has people turning up at all hours and goes on past 2 a.m. outside and to the rear, in the 'garden' area. Totally inconsiderate and ridiculous. Consequently very little sleep. Thanks. They are greeted by the night…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or15-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",COCKROACHES! UNINHABITABLE! DO NOT BOOK!,"I can only describe staying at this hotel as one of the most TRAUMATIC experiences of my life! I urge you not to book for your own safety! I decided to travel to London alone to visit museums and London design festival and I chose this hotel due to it’s location. Outside, I was made to feel uncomfortable by receiving strange looks by a group of men who were unloading into the basement of the hotel, as a 28yr old woman travelling alone this made me feel quite vulnerable. On entering the hotel, I stood at the desk for a few moments before the receptionist bothered to lift his head to address me, not exactly a warm welcome. Upon checking in my room, I found my room run down compared to the photos on the website, but I shrugged it off as I was only staying one night. While I was in…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or20-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended,"Positives Comfy pillows and mattress Bedding was clean Bathroom clean The woman working on the front desk was polite.  Not so great.... Not a welcoming place to stay, the room was small and dark, no curtains or soft furnishings. Marks on the walls and carpets, the mirror was chipped and smashed.  Male member of staff was extremely rude to the woman checking me in, peering over her shoulder and shouting 'you're doing it wrong' which I thought was unhelpful and unprofessional. He didn't acknowledge me and continued to berate her.  The window in my room was so stiff I had to ask staff to shut it for me as it was wide open but I then could not move it in the night and the room was boiling hot.  I can see there are similar comments from months ago, I am assuming nothing has been done…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or20-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",READ REVIEWS BEFORE BOOKING THIS HOTEL,"We booked in on 21st August 2019. Initially given basement room 010 (next to the hotels laundrette), small room, hot and noisy with a poor window view. Room was shabby with a broken door lock. We asked for a room change and allocated room 312 (third floor). The lift was small with a light bulb that flickered off when the door closed.   Room 312 was small with no chair and all the tea making facilities etc. cramped onto a bedside cabinet size table. Kettle didn’t fit under the basin taps so we had to pour cups of water in to fill it, cable TV had channels that had poor signal. The room had frayed stained carpets, chipped furniture, also a rotting mouldy window frame with broken blinds and missing slats which allowed light in at night.  Shower room very small with mouldy nooks and…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or20-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs,"Disgustingly dirty,we only stayed 5 minutes  and quickly checked into the Mecure next door.Travel agent is requesting a refund for us.Never seen anything like it.The rooms were small dirty and no air con.As we arrived 90 mins before check in we were charged $12 for holding our suit cases.When we asked for help with our luggage we were told they don’t provide that service.We had to struggle up the stairs on our own,which was difficult because my husband had difficulty with his mobility.One star is too high a rating",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or20-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",IF YOU STAY AT THIS HOTEL YOU WILL REGRET IT,"Do not stay at this Hotel. The Reception staff are incredibly rude and unhelpful especially Kristina. If you ignore this and stay anyway be very careful of Kristina she is a very horrible woman. Its  ashame because the hotel is nice with a great location but unfortunately if you get rude staff it leaves a biiter taste in the mouth. If the hotel owners read this, if you value your business get ris of the horrible staff",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or20-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","SCAMMED BY 1Lexam Gardens Hotel, London","STAY AWAY FROM 1 LEXHAM GARDENS HOTEL, LONDON and booking website agoda.ca.  We got scammed by 1Lexham Gardens Hotel in London. We booked and paid reservation for 1 Lexham Gardens Hotel in London with Agoda, months ahead for our stay in July 2019.  We never stayed there. We went through so much stress until we found  another place, since everything was pretty much booked for the weekend in city centre London.   Upon checking in we left the place within first half hour. 1 Lexham Gardens Hotel, London is indescribable filthy. We took these pictures to hold the proof of misrepresentation by hotel itself and Agoda, as our booking agency.  The conditions at this hotel are not being truly represented neither by hotel or by Agoda.   It’s a shame to advertise place like this!! We asked…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or25-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",ATTENTION! Lexham Gardens Hotel will soon be out of business. Do not reserve here!!,"Our family of four stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, 22-25 July, for part of our European vacation. In the decent neighbourhood of Chelsea, the front and entrance looks good from the street. We reserved a good deal through a travel site which included breakfast. Checking in we were given room 008, in the basement. Basically a large closet with a tiny one person bathroom, the window behind a curtain had a view of a drainage ditch with trash all around. We had one tiny fan to share for some air circulation. It’s definitely not fit for anyone other than prisoners. We stayed the first sweltering night and requested another room the next morning.  After waiting for a manager and for guests to check out, room 408 on the top floor became available. It was larger, with a window that…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or25-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Nice August stay,"We stayed for 3 days in Lexham Hotel. For us ideal place to stay for a weekend. We had a small room in second floor and everything was clean and organized. Luggage room was for 3 pounds/person, that was quite lot for how small and shared the luggage room was but receptionists were calm nice people :).  The only thing, which was not perfect for us, was size of the bed. The bed measured 200x120 cm which is really small for two people. But still, for two-night stay okay - we did not come to London for a sleep :).  The location was perfect, 10 mins walk to underground, Hyde Park very close to the hotel, easy way to city centre.  We had a room with breakfast included and that was absolutely all right - toasts, eggs, cheese, croissants, jam, honey, cereals, juice, coffee and fruit. …",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or25-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Judge a book by it's cover,"Before my and my friends stepped inside the hotel, we passed positive comments only on how it looked from the outside. Receptionists were not helpful when we asked for a good extension, since we only had two plugs between 5 people, guess what extension was not working. To our surprise we were constantly finding small cockroaches in the bathroom, this is not hygienic at all. At least we got offered another room on our last day which was smaller than the original one. The size of the room was not comfortable for 5 people with 10 luggages lying on the floor. One stand fan, no AC and with quilts on beds!!!! It definitely needs refurbishment! Our check in was early in the morning and needed to go eat something quick. We asked to leave the luggages there for approx. 2hrs and the…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or25-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and oodles of curb appeal,"We needed a short stay--one night--and figured this might fit the bill since the location was central to what we needed. It served the purpose, but that was about it; I certainly would have been unhappy had I stayed more than one night here. Cleanliness was an issue--carpeted areas are stained and dirty (both in the room and common areas), as was security. To be clear, we felt perfectly safe here; however, my friend--who was not on the reservation--was able to check in to my prepaid room without any form of identification other than knowing my name and that I had a room. There were also no peepholes or deadbolts on room doors. Also found it irritating that I would have had to pay a deposit for a hair dryer.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or25-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Moldy dump,"I’m only giving a 1 star because I cant score lower. We Checked into this place for one evening. We booked a “family suite”. From the outside it looked nice. However.....this is where the positive ends. Cruise ship cabins have more room. It was hot and there was air conditioning. No ceiling fans. The bath room sink was clogged. There was black mold on the walls. The staff didn’t seem to care. If your looking for a dump, and want to be treated rudely, you’ve found your place!",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or30-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting & I’m fuming ,"This was a birthday treat for my daughter-had requested an early check in,as had theatre tickets for 1.30pm-arrived just before 12pm & was told it would be 10 minutes while available rooms were checked.40 minutes later-still waiting so had to leave luggage & go.Got back about 6pm to be told we’d be in 2 single rooms-I refused saying it was unacceptable & my daughter is a minor-they gave us a room (double bed & a single)& we literally dumped our stuff & had to leave again,as had tickets for a gig at Wembley.we got back about 1am exhausted-to find 3 ladies asleep in our room!!!🤬🤬 they woke up & told us the hotel had swapped our room & that they had to pack our stuff up!!! I was fuming!!! Went to desk & poor lad hadn’t a clue as no one had told him. I found our luggage & checked…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or30-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Pan21,"Avoid this hotel   We stayed at this hotel last week for two nights ,the only good thing about this hotel is checkout as you never have to go back ,it is dirty and nothing at all like the photographs.  Our room had mould and others stains  on thh bedding ,the shower tray had a used soap in complete with hairs attached and more hairs in the shower tray the bathroom mirror had toothpaste all over it.  The room was full of damp ;Big damp patches on the walls and I mean big with bits lose,clumps of hair next to  the wardrobe not mine as I am blonde.  The carpet on the stairs had that many  deep holes in  that you could trip in them;the wardrobe was about to fall down so you couldnt use it.  The blinds wouldn't close so at night people could see in.  My husband was brave enough to…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or30-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,Pleasantly surprised given the previous mixed reviews Booked a single at a reasonable rate and was allocated a large twin Clean modernly furbished room Good wifi even on the top floor Smart TV with full internet/app functionality Would stay again,Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or30-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Family trip to London,"We got a very good price for a family room in this hotel.  It's in a lovely area and 5 mins walk from tube station. Our room was clean and more than adequate. Rooms were serviced etc every day. I would have to say that Some areas of the hotel were a bit shabby/grimy  but as we didn't spend a lot of time there, it didn't affect us. Also, the reception staff were fine but not particularly friendly or welcoming.  Didn't eat there as loads of other options in the area.  I discovered that they charge to hold on to your bags if you need to leave them there after check out..we didn't need to ourselves but I just think it's a bit of a rip off  Overall, we would stay again due to the price and location.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or30-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel visited.  ,"I have organized time ago this travel.  I choose this hotel cause it was a 3 stars.  The worst choice i did.  The hotel is dirty,  noises and the rooms are small. This is a 3 stars hotel but for me is a B&B or less. The staff is nice but if you pay for a 3 stars hotel you expect a room of 3 stars. Our room was worst then a pension or less.  Mirror broken,  tv with english channels only,  bathroom caustrophobic. Noise in all sense from out hotel and from inside. Housekeeping very noises. No way!!! I will never suggest this hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or35-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Only good thing about this hotel is the area,"The room had not been cleaned properly in a while. The bedding was clean. The bathroom was tiny, if you had been a larger person you would have had trouble. The shower was a laugh, the water just trickled out. The bedroom window had a chunk of wood out. It was also very warm in the room. We were lead to believe you could leave luggage free of charge, but were charged £3 a bag. The staff did not understand English. The whole hotel needs a good clean & decorating. Very disappointed and would not recommend.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or35-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Waste of time dont book this Hotel ,"I am currently sitting in room 001 wends 24th and you see from the photograph that there is so called smoking party going on about 3 my away from the window, which is due to finish at 3am. Music is playing and a considerable level of people are coming and  going. I have come to this Hotel after being at a concert at the Albert Hall and was up at 6am so I was looking forward for some sleep which is not going to happen I have complained to the staff and asked for a change of room but they are fully booked I have asked for them to arrange for an alternative hotel and they have refused. Saying that that the party is not part of there business and all they can do is ask them to be quiet which they have done but no one is taking any notice I am now looking for another room but at 1 am…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or35-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great value.,"We booked a room here as we were in London to see a West End show. It was a great find, as I've stayed at much worse hotels for the same price. We had a nice double room with an ensuite and lovely shower. It's well located - within a short walk to Gloucester Rd tube station. We just used it as a place to rest out heads really, and so for that it was perfect. We'd probably stay again. ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or35-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Okay,"Glad that the hotel was close enough to the train station (Earl's Court Stop) to make it easy to get around town.  Glad that we were very close to a Sainsburys so we could pop in and get easy breakfast snacks before our day out, and some evening snacks after our big day.  The pictures make it look more chic and upscale than it is.  The room was not as clean as I had expected, and our blinds did not close all the way.  The WiFi was not very good either.  If you are on a budget, then this place will do.  Otherwise, spend a little bit more and get a bit more.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or35-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"Stayed in this hotel for 5 nights. Small rooms and a bit rundown. Could do with new carpet and curtains.  Bed was comfy. Heater in the room.  Small bathroom, but okay for 1 person. Water was hot, which is good in winter!  Fresh towels and daily room cleaning.  Staff - from reception to cleaners were lovely and easy to deal with.  Breakfast included in the stay which was basic but good.  Fantastic location.  Good for solo travel, on a budget.  Overall I would certainly stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or40-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for one night ,"This is a bit of a tried hotel and is on desperate need of a refurb but if you aren’t looking for luxury and just want someone to rest your head it’s ok. Beds are pretty comfy, room was clean. My bathroom was so very small there was barely any room between the shower and the toilet. My friends room was quite small and  appeared to bad possibly been a boiler room at one point. Hot water was hit and miss and was tepid in the morning but ok at night. Staff were polite. ",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or40-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Checked out after 3 hours.,"For £85 for two nights, I don't expect much. I expect small. I expect basic. I do not expect filthy, rancid, outdated and broken.  I booked this hotel as part of a Christmas/Valentines Day weekend for my partner. I didn't want to spend a fortune on a hotel on the basis that we wouldn't be in the room much at all. I should have looked this place up on Trip Advisor. Why I didn't is beyond me. Upon check-in, the woman on reception was pleasant enough. We entered what can only be described as a service lift, barely big enough for two people and their bags. The lift stood idle for a time before shuddering to life and crawling up the wall. The lights flickered on and off, we were fairly convinced our trip to London would end in this lift.  When we entered the room, I could have cried…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or40-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Jonny,"I booked to stay here through booking.com as we had planned a weekend in London as my girlfriend is pregnant. She is suffering really badly with sickness and is really quite poorly so we had no choice but to cancel our trip. I emailed the hotel explaining this and asking if they would consider a free cancellation or at least let us reschedule the booking date given the circumstances.   They flat refused and charged the full amount. Yes we chose to have a baby, but nobody chooses to be poorly to the extent that you have to cancel a weekend away. The hotel didn’t even contemplate offering a free cancellation as I got a reply within minutes. Nor did they consider letting us change the booking date.   Extremely disappointed at the lack of understanding, sympathy and total lack of…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or40-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Where do I start...,"The only reason I am writing this review is to make sure no one else books this hotel. The only good thing about it is the location! It really is great! Everything else is bad. The carpet through out the whole place needs to be ripped out ASAP. I wish I had taken pictures. There are spill stains and dirt all over it. Mold in the shower. The walls in the place are dirty with shoe marks everywhere. The elevator is as old as the building and I feared for my life every time I got in it. The rooms are small and everything is just so old. There was no table or a desk in our room, so we had to leave our backpacks on the floor and as I already said, the floor is disgusting.  Save your money and go somewhere else!",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or40-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",3 room changes,"The hotel from Hell. I still can't believe what we experienced.  My husband and I were in London for our 30th wedding anniversary and some American Football. I agree with the disappointed guess. The best part of the hotel was the location.  Our complaints: Stay 8 nights, the first room a matchbox. It had kiddie pictures on the wall. 2nd room couldn't get to sleep until 4am  because of the night club (Jojo) in the basement. I believe that after the night clubs closed, the owners stayed up until 4am to unwind and smoke Hookah. I think it was room 10. The TV in room !0 didn't work. The room would get overheated, therefore we had to open up the window . Stay out of that room, please .  It doesn't has access to the elevator and in the basement. Finally, after the 6 nights, we…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or45-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient location, pleasant stay",I visited the hotel with my family for a couple of nights in January and was very pleased with our stay. We were greeted by a very friendly female receptionist who helped us with great customer service throughout our visit.  The room was clean and the beds comfortable. The sitting area downstairs is really beautiful. The location is very convenient as it is in walkable distance from Harrods so we could go for a walk around and do our shopping. It’s also near the tube and in the central London. I would recommend it for a pleasant stay at reasonable prices.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or45-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",COCKROACHES and rude staff. Do not waste your money.,"I booked this hotel as part of a surprise trip for my boyfriends birthday. We travelled from Manchester to London to celebrate the new year which would also be a celebration for our one year anniversary. Our stay would be short as we had an early flight to Italy on new years morning so our whole evening was planned in advance.   I purposely paid extra for a family room as we like the extra space to get ready. For a 3 star establishment I wasnt expecting many frills however having stayed in Kensington so many times over the years I thought I knew the general hotel standards in the area, all of which have been exceptional but this time I couldn't have been more wrong.   After a 5 hour journey I called the hotel to ask if they sell prosecco so we knew whether or not to stop at a…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or45-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Decent enough for the price,"The rooms do look like the pictures on the website; fairly small but clean enough and the bed was fairly comfy. One issue is that there was no bedside table or surface to eat on, so we did end up getting a bit of food on the bed which was annoying. The lobby is nice and looks exactly like the pictures, the breakfast was good (nice pan au chocolate, hash browns and scrambled eggs, sausages a bit weird). Really good location, so close to Gloucester Road station and the Natural History Museum. Good choice of restaurants and grocery shops near by. Staff were friendly. Pretty standard hotel in a very nice area.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or45-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",They should be ashamed how much they charge!!!,"I stayed here with my daughter to go to Championship tennis at The Albert Hall. The only good thing about this hotel was location. I am shocked at what they charge for this place. I’ve stayed in London on numerous occasions and this was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. EVER! When you enter the hotel....the smell!..... it smelled like a bad nursing home, just glancing at the staircase carpet was explanation enough, it was filthy. They should be ashamed of the misrepresentation on their photos, the room I thought I’d booked had a double and single bed, bay window and lovely curtains....I got a room in the attic with velux windows, the blinds wouldn’t open, so it was like a cell. The room itself was clean but the hall and stairs need to be painted and the carpets destroyed.…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or45-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Really poor - wouldn’t recommend to anyone,"This is an extremely poor hotel. The pictures online are beyond misleading and the rooms are dilapidated and very poor quality. There is a horrible smell about the hotel and our room smelt of sewage so badly we had to jam all doors with towels to prevent it. The toilet absolutely stunk of damp and mould (see attached pics). I would say this is what to expect when you pay less... but I paid almost £100 for one night and this quality is just not acceptable for this price. The location may be good, but there are so many hotels in this area. I would never advise someone to stay here and instead pay a little extra for something so much higher in standard.   Only good points - the breakfast was okay and the staff were nice. ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or50-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",STAY AWAY,"From the second we walked in we regretted it. No help with bags, and such poor attitude from the reception staff. To list a few issues with the room: not as advertised, single glazed windows on a main road, no curtains, bed pushed against the wall, shower broken (impossible to shower in something which doesn’t stay up and just swings on the cord), broken appliances... and the list goes on. Didn’t get a winks sleep the first and only night we stayed in our long weekend in London. We made a complaint when we were there but we had no help what so ever. Just a “oh...” Thankfully we managed to get a room next door in the Mercure Hotel. Which was a life saver let me tell you.  Just pay the £20 more to stay somewhere you know you’re guaranteed a decent nights sleep. Our booking agency…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or50-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t Stay Here,I strongly advise not staying in this hotel. We have spent the last four months staying in hotels and this is the worst place that we have encountered. The first night was spent in a room that had such a bad odour from the bathroom that we could not stay a second night in it. The rooms are too small with the bed taking up most of the room. The TVs are tiny and from the 70s. We stayed four nights and when I booked out I asked for our bags to be looked after while I went to get our car and was advised that that would cost £12. Not happy!,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or50-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",terrible room and customer service,"our room was booked through virgin vacations....another story to tell.  our room was supposed to be for two people.  there were no chairs to sit in, no luggage rack, a wardrobe that would barely hold the clothes for one person not two, there was trash left in the room, the window would not stay open without the tray that was on the night stand for the coffee supplies.  the carpet was stained, the wall was all scratched and mark, the phone on the wall was barely hanging on it and was crooked.  we arrived at the hotel at 10am - no one would talk to us because their process didn't start until noon.  no one would talk to us.  they even turned away a gentleman that arrived at 11:55 - telling him he had to wait until noon.  our room was a mess - we asked to see the manager.  they were…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or50-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for the money,"We stayed on Thursday in a 2nd floor room. We were visiting the Royal Albert Hall, so location was perfect. Room was very small and cramped, there were stains on the carpet, decor was dated but overall it was ok. Bed was comfortable and although the road was noisy, we slept ok. For the price, it was reasonable and the overall cleanliness was acceptable. Not luxurious by any means but what do people expect for such a value hotel in London.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or50-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting-Cockroach!!,"Iv never bothered to write a review but felt had to as don't let the photos of the new refurbished lounge area fool you! Tatty reception and stair carpet needs redoing and on arrival Reception Russain guy placed are double room- though I ordered and asked for twin- down in basement,( which I would not have booked if shown on booking.com website) Walking down it smelt of damp .. Into room 009.. Opened door a big fat Cockroach ran from under where the Lino floor was not fitted probably and under the small double bed frame that was pushed up against the wall! Never again got a refund swiftly from reception and checked into Mercure hotel next door.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or55-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",disgraceful,"Do not stay there  We stayed in five rooms in two days with children  First day , Check in late afternoon to stained carpet dirty walls and Bathroom mold , Went for dinner to return to Sewage coming up in our bathroom waste and hand basin  transfer to two single double bed room for two adults to children , rooms were not nice but it was late . Next day we had a full day planed and were toll they would transfer our luggage to a new room. On return we were told we had to go back to the room with the sewage had come up through the wastes  I said no i am not , and were transferred to another room , looked OK and went to dinner . On return realized that the carpet was wet and one of the bed stunk , it was late so 4 of us slept in the other two bed . And the 4am woken to dripping…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or55-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly Hotel,I was for 2 Nights for a short Trip with my son. The staff were really helpful. The breakfast  was very fresh and different.For our trip the Location was great.Near to tube station.The hotel room is very clean and nice.I will come back definitly,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or55-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",It's not the Ritz but it was good,"Initially greeted by a guy at reception who was very friendly. The room was a bit small but clean and towels, toiletries etc changed daily. All the staff were helpful and nice and the breakfast team kept things well stocked up, they were an absolute delight and always had a smile on. The location was handy. Would I go back? Most definitely. I enjoyed my 4 night stay there and it didn't break the bank. If it's basic comfort in a good location you're after, then this is the place.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or55-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Bother,"Spend a few dollars more and go elsewhere.  Family room was horrendous.  Old and mildewy and smells of sewage.  Customer service?  Ummm yes, there is none.  When we asked if they had teabags for the room, the desk staff told us to ""get it yourself at Sainsbury"".  When we asked for more than 3 towels for 5 people, they told us no - flat out, no. This would not even be considered a motel in North America.  We have one more night here and i cannot wait to get out!",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or55-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nice looking property but stay elsewhere","The hotel is tired and needs investment especially in curtains and double glazing. They did not have my booking correct but did fix this, if slightly begrudgingly.  The bathrooms in each room were tiny and there was a lot of mould growing on the walls. Clearly some attempt to clean had been made but the cleaners cannot be accused of looking up - eugh.  I am glad I only had one nigth there; the location is fabulous and with a bit of TLC I think this could be a fab hotel but for now - best avoided.",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or60-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,So the shower head sprayed water everywhere except down telling me it had not been cleaned in weeks. The water from the shower started to back up from the drain.  The rotting single glazed window would not shut properly so the noise from the busy Cromwell road kept me awake. The wooden blind was not wide enough to keep the light from the street out.  There was no chair or desk or bedside table in the room to put phones or keys. Patches of filler on the wall and plastic wood on the window frame.  You decide. ,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or60-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and not so cheerful,"Check in was fairly quick, Room 005.Bed was rubbish, uncomfortable and had a boingy spring, which loudly twanged on every movement.  Bedding was clean. The bed was against a wall and there was not enough room to get around it on the open side.No resemblance to the photos on the website. There were 3 pillows for 2 of us. There were no surfaces to put anything on, one small drawer unit covered by a tray of tea, etc and the phone and a single wardrobe with 2 hangers.. There were no instructions/ numbers for the phone so I had to go in person to Reception to say there was no remote for the TV nor buttons on it. They sent someone very quickly who, after searching the room for it, did get us one from somewhere. The tap appeared to run out of water but the shower was ok! The carpet…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or60-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",OH MY GOD,"DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT believe the good impression which the website might leave. We had to stay in doubleroom 312. Not refurbished at all. We couldn't relate to the statement from the website --> elegantly designed with the modern traveller in mind. And certainly not to habe been recently refurbished. The only positive I can say about the Hotel, is the location next to GLoucester Road tube station. Carpet is well worn, in the room and the staircase.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or60-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Bit too grubby ,"As one of the of the other reviewers comments “you get what you pay for”.. however there is such a thing as false advertising and misrepresentation. To describe this as the best boutique hotel in Kensington?? A bored solicitor would probably have a field day. I clearly stayed in the same room as one of the other reviewers as I have essentially the same photos. The rooms were absolutely tiny and definitely the dirtiest I’ve ever stayed in. The walls, windows, shower, bathroom. The only clean things were the sheets ( not the throw on the bed I hasten to add). We were meant to stay for 2 nights but checked out after one. Had I been a lone female I would not have felt safe staying here. The staff appeared completely demotivated at best.  This hotel would be suitable for any students…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or60-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Dirt, mice, and regret!","After I paid for a two night stay at this ""hotel,"" I saw the terrible reviews here on Trip Advisor and thought my hubby and I could deal with such a brief stay. I can say that this was IN FACT the WORST hotel I have ever stayed IN MY LIFE. It started in the rickety elevator, whose light flickered every time you stepped on. When we walked into the tiny box of the room, we saw that there were dirt stains all over the rug, there was chipped paint with white spots across the walls. The bathroom didn't properly fit one person, and there was mold inside the cracks along wall tile in the shower. The comforter in the room was stained. I went to the front desk and asked if all the rooms were the same, and the man there said they were the same. On night number two, we are scratching in…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or65-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Look for better,"Booked two nights for Comic Con but because our flight was cancelled we only made it for the second night. The hotel offered no sympathy or refund for the night we missed. The hotel itself is grotty. Torn carpets, sweltering heat with nothing but a fan. Rooms are tiny, TV arial cable was broken, blinds are useless especially when you have to have the window open just to cope with the room temp. The price compared to hotels in same area drew me in. Will not make same mistake again.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or65-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Smelly and cramped,"Worst hotel in the best area. Our room was very very small on ground level - it stunk really badly and although it’s website said air con, there wasn’t any- just a small fan on the table. The bathroom was tiny too. The front desk didn’t know anything about the area and sent us in the wrong direction. However the overnight desk clerk was great and accommating, making coffee for my husband at 530 each morning when we couldn’t sleep. Would not stay here again!!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or65-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",DONT WASTE YOUR TIME,"We booked this accommodation 1) based on location 2) based on photos from their website.  Lets say that the photos on their website do not show you the REAL hotel as it is today.  It is grotty and dirty.  The first impressions we were fronted with was torn carpet and this continued the whole way up the stairs including stains everywhere.  This also continued in our room when we opened the door.  It also looked like people had spilt something on the floors that went up the walls and the walls were disgusting with spill and scuff marks everywhere,  The room had a balcony but there were cigarette butts and empty can on the floor.  We went down and asked the two young girls behind the counter to assist us and they were not interested in helping.  We asked for our money back to which…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or65-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be fooled by pictures of the lobby,"The lobby of this hotel looks lovely.  And that's as good as it gets.  Our room was so small I could touch both walls by stretching my arms out.  It was boiling and the window wouldn't stay open.  Even if it had we were on the lower ground floor and overlooked a pile of rubbish that had been thrown down from the street.  It smelt damp and the bathroom was more akin to a steam room.    We asked if there was breakfast and was told there was not.  Woke up the next morning and headed out at 10am to find breakfast only to see the buffet breakfast being cleared away in the lobby.  For the price you can stay in far nice places than this in the same area.  Shop around and don't be fooled by the photos of the lobby.  Honestly, I've stayed in better hostels than this hotel.  Good point -…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or65-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",A nice place,"Was good,looks like to be at home!and i want to mention a receptionist,called Mariana that she was so helpful and really professional.a satisfactional breakfast,room clean.this is what i need when i go travelling ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or70-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Charged for an extra room,"Currently sitting in the lobby at lexham gardens hotel. Upon check-in, we were told we only had one room. We proceeded to show Tina, the receptionist, that we had reserved 2 rooms. She said she only had us down for one room. Then we showed her our bank statement where we were charged for 2 rooms. She continued to disagree saying they had only been paid for one room. This went on for about an hour from 11 pm to 12 pm when we had walked all day and were very tired. Finally, we paid for the second room again because she wasn't giving us any other option. She said in the morning, they would try to figure out how to refund us. This morning, we are on the phone with Expedia trying to figure out how to receive the refund for the extra room charge. Tina told us the manager would be here…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or70-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t waste your money!!,"Stayed here in may. Horrible service, disgusting rooms. Not even close to any standards of hygiene. Guests service were rude. Room filthy. It is more of a hostel then a hotel or motel. Rate it a 0!!!!",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or70-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid. Stay away!!!!!!! ,"Currently staying here and thankfully leaving tomorrow. Upon arriving we found that our room was beyond disgusting and far from the beautiful images online. It's fallen into disrepair and lacking some serious love. To name but a few issues: The wall of which our bed was touching had bodily fluid stains on it, the carpet had black patches, the shower head kept falling down and the shower was mouldy. I will post pictures of the above room: 203.   So I complained about the state of the room and requested to be moved. We were and overall happy with the change. Apart from a large crack in the shower floor it was a step up from the first room. Our plans meant that we were going to be out for most of today anyway so really the room was for sleeping in and securing our luggage. Or so we…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or70-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but disappointing hotel - cockroaches and broken window!,"Stayed here Monday 4 June 2018 until Wednesday 6 June 2018. It looked alright from the outside, the location was very convenient, a 10-15 min walk to Gloucester Road tube station. There is a Sainsbury's just down the road.  The main lounge area as you walk into reception was nice enough, seemed clean but we didn't stay around.  The room was small, fit two single beds and a small single wardrobe in the corner of the room. The window was broken, the latch hook had snapped to the window had to be propped open. Luckily, there was an electric fan which was helpful.   Unfortunately, first night we stayed, my friend spotted a cockroach in the bathroom so we spend the two nights staying there with a towel tucked under the door! Also, the door to the bathroom wouldn't even shut properly…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or70-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Sorley Disappointing ,On arrival from the outside it looked like it needed a good lick of paint.  inside and the reception area was well kept and made you think your first thought outside was a little harsh so you give the benefit of the doubt.  Then you find your way to your room you open the door expecting a boutique room but no!  miss matched furniture.. holes in the wall filled then not repainted.. the window blind broken unable to open and no curtains to keep the light out so you don't get much sleep but with the beds and the waifer thin pillows that have seen better days.  after a full day of wondering around the sights of London you want to have a nice refreshing shower but then the shower!! the shower head alone must have years of god knows what on the head of it but you have no other option…,Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or75-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever stayed in,"Staff rude on arrival. Told to sit down and wait until they had changed shifts. . Both mirrors in bedroom mirrored wardrobes broken. Carpets covered in stains and looked dirty. Shower head loose. Cover over stool in bathroom stained. Hairs on bed sheets. 3 beds squashed into room. Only one bedside light. Generally dusty, unclean and worn looking. On all the above being pointed out to staff their response was "" No problem"" . Customer service zero out of ten.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or75-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely no boutique,This place is absolutely vile! Staff so rude. The room was so rotton and dirty and even had dirty socks and fag butts on the balcony outside. Worst place I've ever stayed in London  How booking.com has the cheek to even have on website.  Do not stay hear,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or75-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not what we expected ,"This hotel is very clean and staff were friendly, but photos are very misleading our room was tiny and was bathroom,sink wasn’t even big enough to have a wash in , the room was so hot we had to sleep with the window open and constant traffic up and down the main road all night,so didn’t get much sleep. Breakfast has got to be the worst I’ve ever experienced,we went for breakfast at 8am and the food wasn’t even like warm it was cold ,and breakfast had only been running from 7.30 so god knows what it would have been like at 10am ! There wasn’t even warm plates to put your food on so already cold food was even colder. We actually left and went elsewhere to eat this totally let the hotel down but I suppose you get what you pay for although it was very reasonable to stay here you…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or75-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Great reception area, after that hmm","Great location, reasonable price, lovely reception but then you get to the rooms.  The quality of the beds is terrible, the mattresses are so old you can feel every spring and the rooms need upgrading to achieve even the mid range star rating it has.  Would I stay there again ? If no other options maybe, but I would really hope there were other options available.  I stay in London a lot and there are just too many hotels which can’t afford to upgrade their guests facilities, who spend the money they have on the reception areas and not on guest rooms and then cash in on the tourist trade.  It’s a real shame :-(",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or75-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect little hotel,"Great hotel for a couple nights break, we had a convention at the Olympia and it's around a 15minute walk. Rooms are small but you get bottled water, toiletries and a change of towels daily so cannot complain for the price we paid.  We will return! Thank you.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or80-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Misleading pictures and rude staff,"Stayed for 3 nights due to a last minute complication with our original accommodation...booked based on photos which looked OK. These make the rooms look an average size (they are not) rooms tiny one person has to be on the bed while the other gets ready as there is simply not enough room. Bed was comfy, however a damaged window which didn't close right made it sound like we were sleeping in the street. Staff were incredibly rude and essentially accused us of lying about a taxi booking which they had messed up, told us he had rang the room 3 times which was a lie and that the taxi had gone. Upon speaking with the taxi driver he stated that this particular staff member was highly unreliable. Will never recommend of be back. ",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or80-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Really unfriendly staff,"I understand that its a basic hotel, which I'm perfectly happy with. But I don't think its unreasonable to expect the staff to be friendly. To be honest we only had contact with the receptionist, who was incredibly rude and actually went out of her way to make us feel unwelcome. The rooms are fine and clean, bathrooms are also fine.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or80-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","5 years of staying up in London in many Hotels two nights a week, every week.","I book on the day usually via trivago.  Over  the years I have probably stayed in 100 hotels in central London, but Lexham  gardens hotel is in my top 5 to go for.  Why?  Location is great, it's clean, quiet (esp at the back) secure, consistent and convenient.  It's very good value compared to so many others.  They've got some lovely people like AJ on reception for whom nothing is too much.   Budget hotels in london can be a miserable experience made worse by rude and awful staff, but Lexham is a pleasant stay and while some rooms could do with new fittings it ain't bad at all...and 360 wise, it's a very good deal.  Trust me, I know!",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or80-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Very good value, everything worked, staff very friendly, perfect when I needed somewhere to crash","Was in a basement room, fairly small and basic. if you're looking for luxury Kensington you'll be disappointed. if you want a value place to sleep with 24 hour friendly reception then perfect. Was visiting friends and needed a bed so this place was great.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or80-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not the greatest place to stay during your holiday ,"The hotel looks nice starting from the beautiful reception an the room(small but not bad)... But when you get a closer look to the details you can see there's a lot of improvements that can be done... The location is good:close to the underground, restaurants, Hyde Park and a supermarket. The price is not too expensive ",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or85-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",ok for one night,"I stayed for one night, the hotel was average. Room did not look as pictured but it was not terrible. It was quite small and the bathroom was tiny I had to slide in half bent over the toilet just to brush my teeth, couldn't imagine having to do that for longer than one night so I wouldn't recommend here for a lengthy stay but it was decent for the price and clean  There was a bottle of water next to the kettle and tea coffee etc. I thought this was a nice touch as normally hotels just expect you to use the water from the bathroom",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or85-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Please be aware. Don’t be fooled here,This hotel which I stayed in for 4 previous nights kept my luggage hostage which I left in the dining room for 2 days until I paid £50. The staff were bullies rude and the worst of all it is dirty damp and dingy.  If you really need to stay somewhere pay extra. Be safe be sure. Very unhappy sad lady guest. From uk.carpet dirty,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or85-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Needs refurbishment,"Stayed here for 3 nights;  Cons   not the nicest hotel, marks on walls behind bed and by the door, blind wouldn't go down all the way so light was coming in at night.  Had to climb over the bed to get to the other side as there was no room to pass by the end of the bed. The bathroom was so cramped and the shower was nothing more than a dribble.   Pro's   Good location to underground. Staff were okay, didn't have any issues with them.  Overall the hotel needs to be gutted and refurbed.   ",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or85-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again,"Lovely central location. Room was at the front on the third floor. Clean, plenty of tea/coffee and milk. Nice towels and toiletries. Downsides were noise from the road and a radiator that I could not turn down. Reasonable continental breakfast which also had some hot food choices. I felt this was a good honest hotel that gave good value for a central location and yes, we would stay again. ",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or85-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Small and central,"Stayed here for over a week. First impression was that it was scruffy, could do with a paint job and the carpets have seen better days. The rooms are compact. Having said all that had a lovely stay there. Very central, three tubes stops all with a six or seven minute walk, Earl's Court, Kensington high street and glouster road. It is a few streets away from peaceful luxurious residential Kensington and two lovely parks where you can escape from the hustle and bustle of the city. Rooms at the front of the hotel do suffer from traffic noise from the nearby Cromwell road so if you are a light sleeper ask for a room at the back. Staff very friendly and helpful apart from the Asian gentlemen in reception with bald head who wouldn't smile if his life depended on it, other reception…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or90-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Quick trip to London for the weekend.,"We have stayed here quite a few times now, it is handy for Earls Court and is easy to get to all the tourist spots in the capital. The breakfast is ok , with a decent choice of items, it’s included in the room rate. Overall a good budget hotel to use as a base whilst in London.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or90-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",First visit to London,Paid for this for my daughters 1 st trip to London for her 21st birthday .  They had read mixed reviews before going and were a bit dubious . They rated the place as first class as they liked everything about it. Only complaint they had was the T bags milk etc were not replaced every day but that was it !,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or90-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Really great hotel,"I am not sure if other people stayed at same place as we did but my 7 year old daughter and I just spent a night at 1 Lexham gardens and loved it. It was great value, lovely room, big, clean, light and with plenty of tea and coffee. Flat screen TV and en suite bathroom. People in reception were very friendly and helpful and allowed us to leave our luggage all day even after we had checked out. We will definitely stay again and have already recommended it to a number of friends. Thank you Lexham gardens! ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or90-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",I'd give 0 if possible!! ,"It's hard to write anything good about this excuse for a hotel except the look of happiness when we left. Disgusting rooms, unclean, broken and marked furniture. Television literally hanging off the wall as the rear bracket is broken.   Dirt marks and whatever else is caked onto the walls,   Bathroom was hardly any better, broken drain and cracked. Managed to slip in the shower as the drain cover is just sitting at the bottom of the cubicle, not screwed on or attached to the base.   Complained to the reception staff, can't remember the names but the blonde haired lady seemed generally helpful while the dark haired lady seemed completely distracted and disinterested in what I had to say. Manager refused to come out and discuss anything with me. Requested a refund on the room and…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or90-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",1 Lexham Gardens - an acceptable place to stay,1 Lexham Gardens is a budget hotel that is clean and welcoming with all you need to stay in London.  The girl at reception was pleasant and eifficent.  The room as with all hotels in this price range is on the small side but acceptable. The room was clean and comfortable.  The wifi was OK a bit slow.  The TV did not work but that didn't bother me as I rarely look at tv in hotels.  The one negative was that the shower gel was not replaced for Day 2.  All in all I would stay there again.,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or95-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Little bit shabby but clean,"Was a bit worried about staying here after reading some of the reviews but found it was ok. Room was small but clean and perfectly fine for our one night stay. The room and bathroom was a bit shabby but not bad for the price we paid anyway, certainly nothing to complain about. Plenty of tea and coffee in the room and the breakfast was a decent enough buffet. Would not hesitate to stay again if needed to be in that area. Was situated close to tube stations and the museums.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or95-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable value,"I echo much of what Ira B to say in that review.   I picked Lexham in the first place for its price, combined with location and it was better than expected, especially after reading some of the negative reviews here.  I think it comes down to expectations for the price you pay.  The breakfast was good value, the house keeping and front desk staff were friendly and good.  My room was on the lower level at the rear, so was quiet as far as street noise was concerned.  And yes, I did hear occasional noise from the adjoining room, but I've heard worse in more expensive hotels in which I've stayed.  My only quibble was that the Internet didn't get to my room, but I used the main floor lounge for it.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or95-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",London,Close to two tube stations so easy enough to get to. Grand old building on the outside but the room was a bit tired. All you can eat breakfast for £6.80 was substantial. Plenty of bars and restaurants within walking distance and easy to get to local sites of interest. I would stay here again. ,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or95-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good as a base for the museums,"The Lexham Gardens Hotel is perfectly fine as a base to explore the nearby V and A, Science Museum etc. It seems to be well run, basically clean (although the carpets could do with attention) and comfortable. We had a good nights sleep, being on the upper floor and so a bit away from traffic noise. The room was hot (no air con) but there was a portable fan. It would have been helpful if there was a bracket on the wall to attach the fan to. As it was we had to precariously balance it on the TV! We didn't try breakfast as there are plenty of places to eat locally, although the price didn't look unreasonable. I think the Lexham Gardens Hotel is fine for the price, but I wouldn't rave about it.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or95-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous ,"Visited with my partner for a night and can safely say I will never be visiting again. To start with the carpets are stained and dirty with god knows what, the walls were also covered in stains and peeling paint with also what looked like human faeces smeared down the wall. The tv was hanging off the wall and had wires hanging down from it making it one of the many health hazards. The wall behind the bed where a headboard should have been was covered in dirty marks. The bathroom was uncleaned upon our arrival with hairs in the shower and sink. The wardrobe door was also non existent. There was no temperature control of any sort in the room and when we requested a fan they gave us a broken one which did not work. So we were left to sleep in the 24 degree heat meaning not only…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or100-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good Choice for Those that Live Outside their Hotel Room,"The Lexham Gardens Hotel is a smaller non-chain hotel located in the heart of Kensington, a 10- minute walk from the Earl’s Court Stop on the London Tubes.  Making an evaluation of the Lexham Gardens is difficult because what people want out of a hotel differs widely.  Some folks want a complete base-camp experience where they can essentially live out of their room. Others seek luxury and the total hotel pampering experience.  Neither of these approaches come cheap.  We did not fit these two profiles.  Our needs were for a clean, well-located, and moderately priced accommodation.  The Lexham Gardens more than met that need.  It would not have satisfied either of the two aforementioned groups.  Our room for the three of us was small, with two beds, a double and a single,…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or100-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Decent hotel but don't expect luxury,We stayed here as it it was cheap and in an excellent location for travelling along the main tube lines. Reception was nicer than the rooms and our room was a small double on the 4th floor. The walls were thin so you can hear other people in the rooms. For a cheaper option turn stay here. ,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or100-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid 1 Lexham Gardens - ratings are misleading about this hotel,"1 Lexham Gardens is a dirty, (carpet stained, chip peeling, etc.) outdated, malodorous place that I had the misfortune of staying at in London for 3 nights. It was somehow listed as 3-4 stars depending on where I looked prior to booking and the hotel pics and positive reviews are inaccurate, or about another hotel. Fortunately, I made sure I was busy and only had to sleep there. My room was the size of a prison cell and so small literally you could not open the wardrobe without getting at it sideways. The bathroom was equally ridiculous and on some days you could only get hot OR cold water, as the shower was impossible to adjust. The two positive factors, but not redeeming enough to EVER stay there again, is that the front desk staff were nice, and the location is good-near…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or100-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cockroaches in the bathroom,"My friend booked this hotel for us based on the deceiving photos.  The room was in the basement, smelled horrible, was dirty with hair on the backboard and what looked to be a blood stain on the bed cover.  There was no air-conditioning, the window blinds were filthy, and when I turned on the light to use the bathroom at night, a huge cockroach was crawling along the floor in the bathroom.  This hotel was so disgusting that my friend's husband reported it to the health department primarily because of what appeared to be blood stains on the bed covers.  DO NOT STAY IN THIS DISGUSTING HOTEL.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or100-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",good location but thats where it ends!,rooms were ridiculously small - the towels provided were threadbare -the room was  dirty and hot - vertical blinds were hanging down and filthy - carpet also stained - no hot water in the shower - the one window which is all the ventilation the room had would not stay up - I had to place the rubbish bin on the sill to keep it open - the mattress sagged in the middle - the paint on the walls peeling off - unfortunately had 2 nights there - could not wait to leave -  would definitely recommend people stay away from this hotel!,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or105-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Complete DUMP,"I read the reviews, I told myself they were wrong. This place is a giant dump. Avoid at all costs. We checked in & have already sourced an alternate property further up the same street which is terrific. Pictures of the desktop fan offer a glimpse of what sort of conditions you're missing out on. Run! Run far, far away! ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or105-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Pictures can be Deceiving ,We booked the above hotel through Booking.com and upon our arrival hotel from outside was very appealing but once we saw the room we were shocked.  We requested to move to another room which turned worst.   The room was filthy hair on bed sheets dust around the walls bathroom dustbin contained garbage.  We had no choice that evening but to leave this hotel and arrange for another hotel.  Though the hotel refunded our funds but Booking.com did not bother to compensate us for all the grief of making arrangements for another hotel for five people so late in the evening.   So please be aware read reviews on Trip Advisor prior to booking.  ,Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or105-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible, not worth visiting","I stayed here for three nigts for business. Location is ok, but the room was dirty, uncomfortable and small. There was only a small mirror in the bathroom, and to look from that you needed to stand in the shower! Hair dryer was at the other end of the room. Breakfast was poor. ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or105-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Okay stay!,"I'd read several reviews after we booked the hotel that were not fond and it had me worried.   I was pleased to find the staff pleasant and accommodating, our hotel room clean (tho it could use some updating). Breakfast was fine, tho the lift  and shower a tad small. The one problem we had was not the hotel's fault, it was the hottest day in 40 years and the hotel does not have air conditioning. For us Floridians, we needed A/C! I think for the money the hotel was okay! It definitely has a great location, walking distance to several must sees! We've stayed in several other hotels in London and Scotland and I would consider it average. ",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or105-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Nice area, but a quite rundown hotel","The hotel is very rundown, the rooms really need a refurbishment and the bathrooms as well. The breakfast was really boring as well. But the area is really nice, and the hotel is near to both the underground and the busses.  ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or110-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible experience,"My husband and I stayed here on our 25th anniversary trip. The outside looked nice but that impression ended once we got into our room. The room was very beat up looking and there was a lot of black mold in the shower. There were burns on the carpet and the paint on the walls was worn and stained. When we complained to the desk clerk, he said there want much he could do and couldn't get ahold of the manager. He did show us another room but it was worse than the first. Then someone rejected a better room and we didn't have a choice but to take it. He said we couldn't get a refund for the room since we had already brought our stuff in there. With persistence, we were able to get a letter from the clerk releasing us from the next two nights. We were able to secure a room at a nice…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or110-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for the money but tired and dirty.,"The price and location are very good and the staff were fine, but the bathroom and bed room was very tired and had mould in the bathroom, tea stains on the door and stains on the mattresses. The beds were hard and the lift felt unsafe. The bed sheets looked clean though. A small amount of work and cleaning would improve this hotel a lot. Breakfast was fine though no bacon with the hot food.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or110-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Jnm,"Fantastic and accomading staff (Imed, Mihaly and Carmen + others. Happy and friendly, happy to help when needed. Rooms are cozy with with views overlooking Cromwell road a short walk to Glouster Rd station lovely resturants in the area and a laundry mat a 300m down the road",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or110-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely horrendous ,"If you want a place with bed bug friends then this is the place for you. Unfortunately for me and my boyfriend we don't like sharing our bed with bed bugs. We checked in 11.30pm Saturday 27th got up to the room which was tiny and got into bed, watched abit of telly only to find at 2.00am Sunday 28th morning that there were bed bugs....  we had a refund and have been walking around London only now (4.45am) managing to book a hotel for Sunday 28th night.  Absolutely fuming and would definitely not recommend. Disgusting!!!!!",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or110-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Experience,"I was checked in quickly and given the key to my room which I found strange as it's in a basement, down a steep, not very wide stairwell which starts with a very dirty carpet. I decided to look past this and hope the room was better.  I had booked a twin room however the room was packed with a double bed and two single beds, the floor was dirty having dust and food on it and finally the bathroom sink was cracked and the shower was full of mould. I knew I could not stay in the room for one night never mind for the three I had booked for. I went to reception and explained to the fair haired receptionist about the rooms condition and was told there was no room availability, when I asked for a refund she then proceeded to get the manager who graciously showed me a new room (funny…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or115-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT BELIEVE THE BAD REVIEWS ,"I can't believe the bad reviews on here. Our room was spacious, plush carpet, clean bed, clean bathroom. The reception staff were friendly and efficient. Breakfast spread very good and excellent value at £5. This is a great little gem of a hotel. Lovely welcome package on the bed to greet us",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or115-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Look elsewhere!,"The title might appear harsh but it's based on the whole experience. The description of the 'small double with a comfy bed' should have the words small in capitals. If you enjoy taking it in turns to move around a small double bed then this is the room for you. Don't get me wrong, we didn't book the room to spend a huge amount of time in it but other than a bed, a small table and chair, a wardrobe and a TV there's no real floor space that's worth mentioning. The toilet roll holder jutted out meaning that sitting on the toilet was at an angle that was interesting. The shower was the main and only positive. Breakfast is served from 7 - 11am. As far as choosing a time to go you've the following options: choose early to get fresh, choose middle to struggle getting a seat or choose…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or115-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Seriously correct,"I booked a room for 4 for myself + 3 teenage daughters as I was far too late for an AirBNB booking. 4 nights. It was quite cheap, at Earls Court, and reviews were mixed so I was dreading the result. I was wrong. Yes the bathroom was basic (a simple sink, toilet & shower), yes the wooden window frames were rotten, no we never got a smile out of the Eastern European receptionist who didn't make any effort to hide her boredom, but everything was spotlessly clean, WIFI was free, and the hotel is ideally situated on the tourist front. That's all I wanted.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or115-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, clean and pleasant.","Our double room was a good size on the first floor so we had french doors onto a balcony. Our room was clean, warm and had everything we needed apart from a minifridge. The shower room looked new and very clean. However, the hot tap water was cold and vice versa. The shower was disappointing because the water was either very hot or very cold no matter how much you try to combine them. Generally our stay was very comfy with a decent mattress. Breakfast was good with a fair choice. Staff were pleasant but not especially friendly. When we checked out they didnt say thank you or goodbye. Great to have Wifi but we found it slow.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or115-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Budget stay. Central location,"We wanted a cheap place to camp whilst meeting up with family in multiple city locations. That's what we got.  I think we were lucky that we were allocated a first floor room with a Juliette balcony. The room was cramped but clean with a fairly comfortable bed. The linen was clean but certainly not luxurious - but that wasn't expected. The shower was a bit of a contortionist's feat to access for anyone over 5ft but was clean and sufficient. There wasn't too much road noise overnight either.  The staff were friendly, efficient and helpful.  Overall, don't stay here if you're looking for a luxury city hotel stay - expect to pay at least 5x the price of this hotel for that anywhere in London. If you are looking for a budget base to explore the city from, with a bed that is…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or120-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny room- 2 star place ,"Good location between Gloucester Rd , Earl's Court and High St Kensington tubes, but single room on the 4th floor is a bed sit , hard to walk to with luggage over all steps and passages, with no table and chair, no place to put any stuff around, very tiny shower room and loo, no shelves, in need of urgent refurbishment, painting and change of carpet. 2-star rating ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or120-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting ""hotel""","Would give 0 if I could, this is the most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed in. Felt more like a dingy bedsit with tiny rooms, there was stains on the bedding, carpets and walls including one which looked like blood smeared on the wall. The blinds had turned brown and were falling to bits, the tiles on the bathroom floor were cracked and loose. The staff looked miserable and the whole place looked tired and dirty. A lot of noise from other rooms, it smelled, the TV didn't work properly. Would never stay here again and wouldn't advise anyone else to either! ",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or120-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Was not as bad as the reviews,"My husband and I have just returned from two nights here. We were a bit concerned after reading the reviews, but were pleasantly surprised when we got there.  We had a double room which was perfect for what we wanted. It was big enough for us both, the bed was comfy and had a small bathroom. There was tea and coffee facilities, a fan, an air conditioner, bathroom supplies & towels were also provided.  We didn't need much more as we only used the place to sleep, shower and get ready for the day.  It was in the perfect location, with a tube station 5 minutes down the road. It was a 15 minute walk from the Royal Albert Hall and the Natural History Museum, and around 25 minutes from Harrods.  Overall, for what we paid, it was perfect for our trip.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or120-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",London visit,"Can't actually believe some of the reviews written on here.. I was very anxious about coming to this hotel after I had read the reviews listed, however I found it the most perfect stay! The hotel is extremely easy to travel too and the underground located just round the corner made trips to London city centre calm and easy.   Yes, our room was a bit small, but who cares about the size? The beds were extremely comfy, has a Samsung flat screen on the wall and we had plenty of wardrobe/draw space to put our clothes. The shower was very good as well.   Breakfast was average but we left full and happy after.   Staff was very smiley and helpful. Also, the hotel is very generous for example, they provide a handful of toiletries, about 4 loo rolls (which is handy) and enough tea…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or120-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Does what it says on the tin and good value ,"This is no hotel to shout about but it is a place to stay and is clean and doesn't cost much. The rooms are pretty basic and a bit crooked and the bathrooms small and the TV tiny, but good value for money and i found the staff friendly enough. I stayed here pretty much 3 weeks. And yes the lift is the slowest in the world !",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or125-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Wow, wow, wow in a bad way,,,","I'll start with he pros  and that is the location, few minutes walk to Earl'spark station that can get u everywhere in the city.   Then the cons.  We arrived at Lexam Garden hotel and it looks very nice on the outside.  When entering I noticed that it was quite dated, old carpet and chairs in the sitting room and looks quite gloomy.   We where greeted by a grumpy woman that said our rooms where not ready, fair enough we where a little early, so we left our bags and went out for lunch. Came back and got our key and where shown the way to the smallest and slowest elevator I have seen or used.  We opened our room and WOW we where met with this blasting heat as the radiator has been turned on full but it was about 15 degrees outside, so we tried to open the window but it could not…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or125-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",New Years Eve stay ,"Not sure why this hotel has such bad reviews, its within easy location from the tube station and has a lovely appearance. The hotel room was nice and basic, had a lovely view and the TV worked fine. I would recommend this hotel for a short stay.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or125-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","had a good stay,","room was basic and very small but clean.  had TV, drinks making facilities and a free bottle of water.  I could open the window to let a bit of fresh cold air in as I do not like a warm bedroom.  Everything was clean which was important to me.  Reception staff very friendly and helpful.  Fairly quiet hotel right on Cromwell Road - really central.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or125-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Last night,"So, last night we stayed at this ""hotel"".  We have stayed in far nicer hostels. The room was tiny. The walls were full of peeling paintwork, cracks in most of the tiles, and generally very grubby and tired looking. The windows were drafty, had no working locks on them and the radiator didn't work.  The room itself wasn't much wider than the double bed in it, so not easy to move around the room for two ppl.  The bedding was clean, ironed and soft ish though I will say. So that's one good thing I guess.   Won't be staying here again. Ever. And wouldn't recommend it to anyone unless they really needed a place to stay during a tube/rail strike.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or125-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, good value, adequate accommodation","Booking was for single room for one night.   Bad points: - Tiny bathroom, barely room to move/stand.  Luckily I am small-medium build woman, but some of larger build would likely struggle.   - Shower was cold, waited for 10 min for water to come through hot, but only reached a cool/lukewarm.  Not acceptable in January! - Buffet breakfast after 9am was lukewarm and unappealing (scrambled eggs like rubber)  Good points: - Great location 5 min walk from Earl's Court station, easy to find, close to lots of amenities (cafes, cash machine, shops etc) - Clean - Comfortable bed - Fairly quiet - Pleasant staff - Room facilities provided (TV, phone, hair dryer, kettle tea/coffee, mini shampoo etc) - Price (good value for a London hotel) - Hotel lift (small but good for those less mobile)",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or130-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant hotel ,"My partner and I stayed here in November just for one night. Hotel was pleasant and clean with friendly and helpful staff. Rooms are small but bed was comfy enough and did what we needed it to do for the one night. It is on the corner of a main road though so be aware of the noise from traffic. We stopped at the front of the hotel and although it didn't disturb us too much, you can still hear it. Earl's Court underground is about a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel, really easy to find. Breakfast isn't that good. Mini hot dogs as sausages and luke warm food which wasn't great. Tea/coffee and toast were ok! It's cheap for the location so can't expect too much!  Overall, it's a nice little hotel. We are returning to London in march and have booked this again. Purely because of…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or130-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,"Please remember that this is a 3 star hotel so don't expect the Ritz. We had an issue with the rooms when we checked in which was caused by the booking agent and not the hotel. They accommodated us and by the next day everyone had the right room. We had three in all.  The rooms are small but adequate. Best to have a sense of humor here as we kept our clothes in our luggage which we tucked under the bed. The room was clean and warm. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom clean and modern but small.  Good news is that you will not be able to fall over in the shower- there just isn't room.  One of our family members had a single and the bed took up most of the room. As a hint, I would book the twin double as it seems to give you a little more room.  Our family is a cereal…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or130-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Average but great location,"Easy to navigate around the area, was able to walk to the major museums and the underground. Plenty of food options near by Starbucks, McDonald's, nandos etc. staff were pretty unhelpful but were fine. Had to pay for wifi, kind of annoying. Lift was broken so we had to take stairs to top floor but they were kind enough to give us a different room 3 floors below. Comfy, bathroom was a decent size, plenty of space. The lobby was cosy",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or130-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Tried to defraud me!!,"I've stayed here once before and it was ok. This time not so. I booked through booking.com and was supposed to pay when I got there but I checked my bank account after I had booked and noticed that they had already taken the payment. Hey-Ho I thought no matter, but when when I got there to check in after a long day I told the female receptionist that they had already taken the money and she denied they had it even after I proved they did by showing her on my banking app. It was as plain as day. All this time she was shaking her head and rolling her eyes and being as loud as possible to try to embrass me in front of other guests insisting I hadn't paid. She then demanded a bank statement! I told her NO WAY!! You've seen on my app that it's been paid. They refused to let me speak…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or130-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value hotel,I base my ratings on how well an establishment does what it's supposed to do. I can say that 1 Lexham Gardens is an excellent value stay for the budget traveller.   I'm currently sitting in my reasonably spacious room along with my wife and infant son. I have just drank one of the complimentary coffees that awaited us when we checked in (each room contains tea and coffee making facilities) and have also enjoyed a lovely shower in a more than adequate bathroom. A basket of complimentary towels and toiletries was on our bed when we arrived which was a nice touch.   Check in was easy and the staff were friendly and courteous. The location of the hotel is superb. You can walk to Kensington High Street in 10 minutes and the same to Earl's Court Tube Station.   I would say that the…,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or135-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Remember what you're paying!,"We found this hotel whilst looking for somewhere near Hyde Park, I was pleased with the hotel and the room itself, on arrival the reception area looks nicely decorated and the receptionist checked us in promptly, we had a room on the 3rd floor - theres a lift available. The room was ample sized, with an opening window (unlike premier inns etc.!) the beds were comfortable and the basket of towels, toiletries, water and a biscuit was a nice touch! the bathroom is small but not unusable! Glad to see the hotel uses initiative with the toilet roll too - you don't need a brand new roll for every customer! (but maybe that's just me). Tea and coffee making facilities too. TV. Small travel dryer in the room   Would recommend and stay again - near to Earls Court tube station (approx 5…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or135-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Below par,"Although the cheapest hotel we could get near the area. It is in a good location with hotels and royal Albert hall around 10 minutes walk away. The tube stations stated on their website are not as close as stated and the service is shocking.   Wouldn't recommend letting your dog eat breakfast there let alone your family. A full fry up consisting of  miniature hot dogs, no bacon, burnt toast or bread (no in between) scrambled eggs, lack of beans, cold mushrooms and disgusting hash browns.   Rooms were quaint but if rooms 1-10 prepare to be cooked alive. Heating on full power and no way to turn off.  Walls with weird stains on (even walk you have to sleep next to) and the bathroom was so small that when you sat on the toilet your feet were in the shower tray! I've heard of…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or135-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Nice staff but poor rooms,"I stayed here before and had a nice room on the first floor. This time I got one in the basement (positively described by the receptionist as the ground floor).  The carpets in the basement are dirty and stained and the walls need new paint.  My room was tiny with very little room for my suitcase. The heating was not turned on when I came so I turned it on. Regulating the temperature was difficult, so I had the window open all the time / not so co2 friendly :-)  The bed was big and nice and the sheets were clean. The carpet in the room needed to be changed. The bathroom was fine but as in many hotels in London the warm water is difficult to get running.  I liked the staff / they are all very friendly- but the hotel needs a fix up.  I will not stay again.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or135-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Mr tony,Went to this hotel the room is too small staff are friendly price a bit high but location is perfect wifi is poor unless you come down at lobby cleaning is average a bit noisy breakfast was very basic I don't thing I will go back,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or135-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money., The room I stayed in was great. It's was a single room on the 3rd floor.  I wasn't planning on having a party in my room therefore the room was an PERFECT SIZE.   The room was nice and warm and the TV had lots of channels with a perfect picture.  The staff were very helpful and very friendly. I have stayed in some expensive hotels in   London in the past and have been very disappointed.   The Lexham gardens hotel is great value for money.   I will definitely be staying there the next time I go to London.   Thanks.   ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or140-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Double room which should have been a single,"Lovely breakfast, welcoming staff and very attractive foyer but behind the scenes was quite disappointing.  Room was tiny, everything was squashed in.  No table room. Small uncomfortable double bed which wasn't easy to access.  In need of refurbishment.  Suspect stains on carpet and lamp.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or140-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel at very central location walking distance to two major museums,"I spent two nights in this hotel visiting London with my sister. Very nice location and value for the money was in the comfortable range for London. The room was very small, but enough for having a place to sleep at night. Did not spend the days in the hotel, so cannot complain about the size. Breakfast was sufficient, cannot say fancy, but good to have something in the morning. Overall I am satisfied and if needed will stay again at this place.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or140-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Very budget,"The room was in the basement, through a maze of doors. It was the smallest little room and the bathroom was only for skinny people as it was the size of a matchbox.  This room or accommodation would be fine for a single traveller, however my partner and I found it too small for over three days and checked into another hotel. If you're after budget not frills accommodation for one, is a Stella location of London this place ticks the boxes. It was clean and well serviced and staff were friendly. Breakfast was just plain and simple with again no frills. ",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or140-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great,It was just one night for me in this hotel. Good position near the Earl's Court Station. Very comfortable room even if it wasn't so big. Everything was new. Very nice people in reception. Very quite room. Good wi-fi.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or140-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and nasty,"If you are looking for somewhere cheap to stay, then this place is fine, but be warned - you get what you pay for.  Rooms are extremely small and stuffy, bathrooms dirty and tiny, wifi signal is not strong enough to even use the Internet. Only a tiny desk fan provided for room ventilation, and the kettle cord would not reach the plug outlet - had to improvise lol! Overall very disappointing comparing to pics on the Internet.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or145-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely fine for the money!!,"Just got back from 2 nights stay here, booked this place because partner was being treated in the hospital this backs onto so needed a place local to stay.  The room was fine, we were on top (4th) floor, it was hot, but then the heat was on the news so you could hardily blame the hotel for that!!  Beds were comfortable, bathroom is tiny, but perfectly usable, flat screen tv and a fan in the room.  We didn't have breakfast as partner wasn't allowed to eat before being admitted, but instead one of us lived off Sainsbury's food just a minutes walk from hotel.  Reception were extremely helpful, room was cleaned whilst we were at the hospital the following day.   Would stay here again if we needed to be in the same area again, the hospital gave us a list of hotels (this wasn't on it)…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or145-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Central hotel,"The hotel has a great location, close to Earl's court tube station.The staff is very polite. The room however was extremely small and the mattress awful. Renovation is highly recommended and definitely change the mattress.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or145-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive for a lousy hotel,"The hotel is in a generally beautiful neighborhood. The exterior is beautiful, as well as the lobby. Once you step out of the lobby and into the hall to catch the elevator, your dreams are shattered. Tiny, dated elevator that barely fits 2 people with luggage. Everything is very dated, the walls need new paint. Rooms are dingy. You only get one sheet on the bed, no comforter or duvet. There is no air conditioning in the rooms, you have to rely on a 12 inch fan and an open window. The rooms are also very small. I would never stay here again, nor recommend for anyone to stay. If their prices were lower, it would justify the condition of their rooms.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or145-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",nothing like the pictures,"the outside of the hotel looked really nice,beautiful hanging baskets and lovely reception area however the room was so small it gave us cabin fever! It took me back to my box room as a child but with a double bed squeezed in to it.the decor and bathroom was very tired looking but it was clean.we had room on the front which was so hot we couldn't wait to get out of it in the morning...thank goodness for the fan!!",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or145-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and cheerful,"Stayed for one night in July as my daughter had an interview the following day.  We were in room 101 (just up a flight of stairs).  Room faced on to back garden and was quiet, although you could occasionally hear the lift moving.  Room was small but adequate, plenty of room inside door for storing bags etc.  Ensuite was of a good size with a small shower, toilet and washbasin.  Its not a top of the range hotel but was clean and just needed a few finishing touches to improve the overall appearance, like buffing the tiles in the ensuite - they looked like they had just been put up and still had grout dust on them.  We ordered a breakfast for £5 each the following morning and this was really good.  The boiled eggs were perfect with plenty of choice and the tables were kept clean,…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or150-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel Ever!,"I was utterly appalled by this hotel. Upon arrival we were told the lift was broken so had to carry all of our luggage to the rooms. The first impression of the room was a disgrace the carpets were stained and the walls had dirty smears all over them. The bed was not much better as it was covered in dark hairs. During the night my partner discovered a couple of bed bugs underneath his pillow making him reluctant to sleep resulting in a very poor night sleep. At around 4am we heard people trying to enter our room and then heard them say that someone must have given them the wrong key.   Overall a terrible experience, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone unless you like bed bugs. Would never ever stay again.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or150-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",How is this a 3 star?,"Extremely poor hotel, rooms are small and cramped, TV didn't work , was told it would be fixed, it wasn't , despite asking 3 times. The lock was broken so we couldnt lock our door, the lift only goes to upper levels not lower levels so we had to lift bags and buggy up and down stairs. Went to reception 3 times and waited but no one was there. We checked out at 8am just to leave. Very poor.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or150-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Overpriced, theres better for less","I stayed for 3 nights, weekend in London to see friends. Would i stay again? NO!! Let me explain;  Location is fine, tube only a few minutes walking. Check in was fine(even got a free paper clip to change my sim card). However, receptionist needs to learn to enjoy her job and make people feel welcoming. The lift is tiny and shakes so i only used once.   The room: SMALL!! I booked a twin room with bathroom. Its tiny but since you dont spend much time in the room in london it did the job. No safe in the room but thats not an issue as on the top floor. Theres no AC which usually isnt an issue in UK but it was a hot weekend in london. The room had a desk fan to use so had that on all night. Couldn't open windows or blinds as noise from outside too loud and hotel opposite had its…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or150-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting hotel,"This was the first hotel I stayed in London.  The rooms were nice and it was a maze to get to, but this added to the quirkyness of the hotel.  I got there mid morning and unfortunately the room was not available so after travelling for nearly 30 hours my first impression was not good.  I had to sleep in the common room which felt uncomfortable.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or150-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Never again worst hotel ever,"We booked to stay here on sat 9 July hotel was more of a beds it there were 4 of us staying 1 double bed 2 singles. Plaster was coming of the walls , bathroom window was broke and wouldn't stay open, blinds and windows were dirty, no chains on blinds so light was coming through the big gaps. The Shower was so small you could just fit in it and couldn't regulate the temperature. Sink overflow we were dour teeth and all this brown hinge came out of overflow. Pipe connected to extracter fan was hanging down. I plugged my phone in and socket nearly came out of wall.  Very noisy from other guests returning home no sleep.  Breakfast all the food was cold I mentioned it to the waiter he had turned the heaters of on the food so beans eggs hash browns and scrambled eggs were cold hard…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or155-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Awful! DO NOT STAY HERE.,"Me, my mum, auntie and cousin stayed in a family room for a night as we were seeing a concert at Hyde Park.   Firstly, this 'hotel' classes itself as 3 star. This is a joke.   We were charged £200 for the night with breakfast.   The room was shabby. There were holes in the wall and the plug socket was coming out of the wall. It was scorching hot in our room beyond belief.   The bathroom was tiny and you could barely fit in the shower. The blinds in the bathroom were broken and missing so we were on display. There was brown stuff coming out of the overflow in the sink.   We were up all night with the noise from other rooms. It was unbearable.    THE WORST PART was the breakfast - £5 each - and EVERYTHING was freezing cold!!! The hash browns were cold and soggy and the boiled eggs…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or155-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Black mold in both rooms we looked at!,"My husband and I booked a room with Lexham Gardens at the last minute after our plans changed. We used the Booking app to book the room. When we got to the hotel, we had to pay for our 1-night stay up front. We were told we were in room #1, which was in the basement. The lift doesn't go to the basement, so we had to carry all of our luggage down a very steep and narrow flight of stairs. We almost tripped in the process, as the carpet was loose. The basement smelled musty and dank. When we got into our room, we had a hard time getting it to lock properly. The room was extremely bare in decor; there were wires hanging loose around the tiny TV, the bed was a rollout, and worse of all, there was BLACK MOLD all over the bathroom, which was unacceptable. We complained to the guy at…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or155-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not that bad,"Very interesting price, and good place to visit the city. But there was some little problem in the room, it was really hot in the room, and also the windows doesn't seem to be really closed, so, it was not really secured, but nothing happen so...",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or155-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not for me.,"Well, the room was clean, the bed was comfortable and the hotel staff helpful, but it was the most inconvenient place I've ever stayed in. The small wardrobe had only 2 coat hangers, there was no mirror, chair or bedside table; in fact nowhere to sit or put anything except on the floor or the bed. In the bathroom there was a mirror above the wash basin, but nowhere to put toilet articles around it and no glasses, and the room was so small that I had to go into the bedroom to dry myself after a shower. Breakfast was £5 extra, but I did better for the same price down the road. The hotel was indeed well located, but there were others nearby where I mean to go to in future.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or155-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Relaxing,Very lovely hotel situated just on the outskirts of London. Very easy to get to and the rooms are clean and tidy. Food was value for money and the staff are welcoming. The cost of the hotel was cheaper than most places and definitely worth the money for London. We have visited 2 times and going back soon.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or160-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonably priced in a good location,"London was busy at the time I wanted to go, so most affordable places had quite bad reviews. I saw this one and the reviews were not too bad, the price was good and it was in Kensington, so convenient for all parts of London. The reception area, lounge and breakfast area were all attractive and the staff friendly - as a bonus we were able to check in straight away which was unexpected as we'd arrived quite early. Our room was clean and comfortable, nothing fancy, but we didn't need it. Continental Breakfast was extra at £5.00 per person, and well worth it with plenty to eat. We would definitely stay there again when visiting London.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or160-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",November-December 2015,"The hotel had a very cozy feeling to it. My room was almost the sizer of a collegue dorm room, but was convenient for me since I was travelling alone. The receptionists were really nice and helpful. The hotel was walking distance t o some tourist attraction, and subways and buses.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or160-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"After reading rewievs from here I was a bit worried what kind of hotel this would be but luckily it was better than expected. Staff was friendly and helpful. Room was big enough for two and bathroom was working alright. Hot water from shower which was a bit small though. As women we would have had more places to hang out our clothes as there was only one carbord and just few hangers :( Some hooks on the walls would be really nice! Nice to have ketlle and cups and tea/coffee bags in the room. Breakfast was the same every five mornings we stayed there. Could do some changes every other day and boiled egss and fresh veggies maybe..Location was great, only 5-10 mins walk to Earls Court Station and 2 mins walk to nearest busstop. We slept well and did not hear any noice from other…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or160-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Okay,"Hotel smells of weed. Heavy glass shower door was half-detached, and I had to fix it before having a shower so it wouldn't fall on me. Lots of road noise, which is to be expected I guess. Staff were friendly.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or160-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Surprising value!,"Some of the reviews on here are less than favourable, but I tried it for myself anyway for a Mon and Tues night stay. Yes, it's not perfect. Yes, it's a bit tired. But it's clean, safe and cracking value considering the location. I would definitely stay there again. Also, I found the reception dude very helpful and friendly! ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or165-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL IN LONDON,"Stay away, simple, internet doesnt work anywhere. Someone called the police to report this hotel. Shower had no pressure, nothing..... Room was dirty, extremely loud all around, people banging and screaming in other rooms. fights going on in the hotel. If you want a good hotel, stay away, worst hotel ever! also bed bugs everyone!! wonderful to sleep surrounded by insects..... Absolutely horrible service, WIFI didnt work, elevator got stuck several times.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or165-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",great hotel,"we had a great stay in the hotel, the price was fair,we had a quiet room, it was small but comfortable beds. the hotel is well located, close to museums and 7 minutes walking from a metro station. the staff were helpfull and the breakfast wasclassic european . enjoyed the stay.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or165-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Very good value for money !,"Considering it's location, I found the price I paid, was very good value for money. My room was downstairs, and although it was clean, there was a ""tired"" feel, about the stair carpet. I only stayed the one night, so I didn't really use any facilities. The staff were pleasant, but nobody asked me, ""Did I enjoy my stay"", or, ""Was everything satisfactory"", which I found strange. Maybe they were worried about getting negative feedback ! I would certainly go back.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or165-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Do a favour to yourself and avoid this place!,"One of the worst hotels I've ever been to in my life! Terrible! The staff was unhelpful and quite rude.  The lift wasn't working, I had sprained my achilles tendon and I asked for ice,  bandage and a hand with my small suitcase and they were unwilling to help... The room was in the basement, dirty and extremely humid to the point where I had breathing issues.. The bathroom was tiny, literally 50x50cm... The breakfast awful... The only good thing about this hotel is the location... I would advise you to avoid it by all means....",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or165-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I've ever stayed in,"We expected a small room, however we did not realise how bad the room itself was. At night time the blinds which are made of paper did not stop any of the streetlight coming into the room - midnight may as well have been midday. The windows being single glassed and gaps all round did not stop any of the noise, the noise was unbearable. The kettle could not reach the plug next to the tea table so had to be on the floor where we walked, not only that you could not fill up the kettle from the sink as it did not fit, as the sink was so small even out tooth brushes kept falling off. At least the bed was clean. The shower water was scolding or cold. Could hear people from two rooms alone walking around their rooms due to the squeaky floor boards and with people waking a 6 in the…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or170-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend in london,"The only good thing about this hotel is the location!! I stayed at this hotel for one night with my dad and my husband, we booked 2 rooms and decided to upgrade as a treat, well if we had an upgrade then I dread to think what the other rooms were like!!  My dads room was in the basement and wasn't too bad apart from the noise but our room was awful, yes it was clean and the bed was comfortable but the window blinds were filthy, the tiles on the bathroom floor were all cracked, the drawer front was hanging off, the mirror on the wardrobe was cracked, the water from the shower was boiling hot or freezing cold, no in between. The staff were unhelpful and hardly looked you in the eye, they didn't even ask if we enjoyed our stay when we checked out.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or170-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"It's very unusual that the 6 of us (2 adults, 4 kids) are able to share 1 hotel room so when we spotted this on booking.com we snapped it up. One night in the middle of the Easter holidays cost just over £100 - the room was plenty big enough and  although the bathroom was tiny it served its purpose. Breakfast was £5 for an adult, £2.50 for the kids and was brilliant. Toast, cereals, beans,eggs, juices & hot drinks. No complaints.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or170-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",It was OK for price,"Ok good things first - was clean, very clean.  Nice fresh bed linen and towels provided.  5 mins from underground station.  Nice entrance.  Tea & coffee facilities in room (although did not replenish when low). Bad Points - get some new receptionists !!!  On arriving the girl never looked us in the face.  Never smiled, never said hello, never interacted with us at all.  I said hello and that we had a reservation.  She then asked my name, shoved a piece of paper in front of me and said sign here, then ask me to pay.  Handed me a room key and said its was on 4th floor.  She wasn't rude but it wasn't very welcoming.  When we left it was a man.  We said we were checking out and he just nodded and said OK.  Not did you enjoy your stay or anything.  Management need to sort this out. …",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or170-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Like student digs but worse.,"Knowing the hotel location I requested a quiet room but was given a room to the front of the building, which is 25mtrs from the main road into London from the west.  It was far from quiet.  Double bed was actually a 3/4 bed that squeaked when I turned over or move.  Dust under the bed was so thick you can pick it up by the handful.  Shower not cleaned daily either. To be blunt I wouldn't put my dog in this hotel.  For the money there are better options locally.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or170-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Incredible desk staff,"Arriving and getting into our room as soon as it had been cleaned was important to us.  We had flown over 8 hrs.   We checked in 2 hrs. early.   They helped us with 2 medical emergencies.   1 was dental and they assisted with a same day appointment.   The other required a cab ride to the hospital. Now to the rooms.  3 rd floor front view was quiet and clean.  Room is small, bathroom smaller.   Sink minature.   I would stay here again as the location is close to two different tube stops. Close to the Natural Museum (free.  Special exhibit £7.50).  Victoria and Albert Museum    (Free with special exhibits £7.5).  24 hr grocery 1 block.  Kensington Palace and Hyde Park a short walk.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or175-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling ,"The list is long ...  Single glaze window keeps you cold all day and night ...  Noisy ...  No proper water ... All so hot all the time, like cold water doesn't exist ...  No lights in lift...  No decent lighting in rooms... Always dark day and night ...  No security... My name was disclosed to other parts ...   But wait favourite one ... 4 days into my stay and NO ONE has offered me to service the room ... Or offered fresh linen ...   I knew it was not a five stars hotel ... But doesnt deserve even half one ...",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or175-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",5 star service 3 star hotel,"Very friendly staff, special requests  seemed no problem.    Room small but comfy you aren't doing London properly if you spend too much time in your room!  Continental breakfast included eggs and beans. Great location near Earls Court and a short walk to Kensington Gardens and British Museum of Natural History.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or175-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, clean, modern and good location","I took a night here during a 2 day trip to London to see the sights.  I booked a single room (single bed with en-suite) for £36  The hotel from the outside is lovely, as is the reception/lobby etc.  The room itself was small but all I needed really. En-Suite shower, toilet and sink (VERY small bathroom) all very clean and modern.  Small TV on wall, small wardrobe and bedside table, again very clean and modern.  To sum up the room was well worth £36  The downsides... Thin walls (can hear next door's TV very loud). Room may be too small for some. The hallways and their carpets are a bit scuffed from luggage being dragged around.   The lift never works (steep stairs)  Location - 10min walk from NHM and Science Museum, 15min walk from Harrods, 25min walk from Victoria station. I…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or175-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cozy,The hotel is very well located 2 blocks from the subway and 7 stations from the London Eye. The rooms are very warm in winter with comfortable beds. The only problem was that the elevators didn't work,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or175-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",At least the price is not too high,"First of all i would like to say that the staff was nice and helpful, the room, however, was far for from great, to be honest it was not even good. With a size of approximately 9 square meters there was not much room to walk, let alone store something, especially as this space was also filled with with a 1.40 by 2 meter bed. The bathroom was also small and the the shower was at most temid, producing a stunning two water drops per minute. We could hear the next door neigbours coughing and the upstairs neighbours moving. When walking through the hallway you could hear the television at every room in which people were watching tv, so the noise problem was probably not just in our room.  The hotel itself is downright poor and in need of a fair amount of improvements. Then again the…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or180-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Lift not working, unhelpful staff","Booked a room for my dad and brother - we arrived and the lift was not working. My dad has a problem at his knee and can't manage many steps. I complained and was told that there's no lift but rates are low. I pointed out the website mentions a lift; he said MAYBE they would have it fixed in a couple of days. We went upstairs (first floor) and my dad realised going up and down would have been too painful for him. I  asked for a full refund saying we were going somewhere else. We had to go through the booking agent and the receptionist tried to lie saying we had been in the room for half an hour - complete lie as we were upstairs for ten minutes, just the time for my dad to sit and rest and go down again. I managed to get a refund thanks to hotelopia staff but I will never go…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or180-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Didn't expect much, so wasn't disappointed. ",You get what you pay for.  Clean bed. Quiet location / good location. Good basic breakfast.  Friendly staff. 5 minute walk from Earls Court tube.  Free toiletries.   Lift not working. Bad smells in the corridors. Dirty carpets. Dodgy broken window blinds. Dirty cushions on the bed. Shower has 2 temperature- freezing or scalding.  Needs repainted and upgraded.   Would I return?  Yes -  Would I recommend - probably not.  ,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or180-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not even worth the budget price.,"My partner booked this hotel for us to stay over to be near the Royal Albert Hall at a low budget price. The entrance has been nicely decorated and is welcoming. However, on entering our room, it had non of the picture related small touches of throw pillows or flowers. There was a damaged lamp stuck above the bed with a lead dangling behind the pillows. We were below ground level, and our neighbors continued to talk and play music until at least three in the morning. They proceeded to climb out of their bedroom window and when I peeked out of our blinds there was a woman standing outside our window. Not the hoteliers fault, but after three known complaints no action was taken and thus we got no sleep and did not feel comfortable as paying customers. The walls were dirty, the…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or180-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and value for money,"This hotel was very good for me. The staffs were very nice and friendly. The location is brilliant, you can walk to the National history museum and Harrods in just 10-15 minutes. The WiFi was available. However, if you want to use the internet, you need to pay for that.The room was clean and spacious enough for 2 persons. I stayed here for 2 nights and I would come back again. I'd recommend this hotel for someone that is looking for the good hotel with reasonable price in London.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or180-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Poor facilities and Rude Staff,"My Husband and I recently spent 6 nights at Lexham. The elevator had clearly not been working for a long way and our shower was either scolding hot or ice cold (we had to wet a towel and sponge ourselves to wash). This was bearable, but when we checked out we told the staff member at reception about the shower and he said we only paid for a cheap hotel so we should not expect any better and that many of the rooms were like this. When we said how poor that kind of service was he got defensive and aggressive toward us. Was an unfortunate way to end our trip.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or185-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",More of a B&B than a hotel,"We spent the night in this hotel as a stop over before flying out of Heathrow the following day. The rate was affordable although probably more expensive than recommended. I booked this through hotels.com and figured that anywhere in London can become ""central"" via the London Underground, the closest tube stop to the hotel is Earls Court. We arrived before check in and were able to leave our luggage whilst we explored London. Once we checked in we were given our hotel room on the 2nd floor however the elevator was broken. The bedroom was a B&B, not a hotel (even tho it fell under a hotel category). There was 1 double bed and 3 single beds, the bathroom was single glazing so was an ice box and the hotel had basic amenities with luxuries such as 24 hour wifi for £2 and a shuttle…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or185-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",It is what it is.,"Came here with business to work in the Royal Albert hall. Hotel is in a fantastic location for this, as well as being near plenty of places to eat. there is no hiding it, the rooms are tiny but it is manageable. Staff were very friendly. Breakfast unfortunately was very poor, with a very limited selection of what looked like very cheap products. However, if you can live with a tiny room, for a reasonably priced stay in South Kensington, this hotel is definitely a good option.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or185-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Value for Money,Love the hotel in terms of location & cleanliness and don't mind that the room is a bit small. Where on earth can you get a room with such good location at below RM300 in London. I have been trying to book a room in the same hotel from 5th to 8th Dec but it seems they are fully booked. I will fully recommend this hotel to anyone if you don't mind a small room but with good location and cleanliness is your top priority. I will rate it 7.5,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or185-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and comfortable,"Stayed here in a single room overnight after attending a football match at Stamford Bridge(a 20 minute walk from the stadium) If you want luxury and all the trimmings then avoid However for £55 including breakfast I found this very good value My room was down some carpeted steps(quite grubby) in the basement My apprehension was soon dispelled however when I entered the room itself Although small it was spotless with a comfortable single bed modern shower and toilet and a modern Samsung TV Although easy to move around there was no room for a bedside locker thus only a room light to swith off. Slight irritation was no drinking glass(plastic one would have been OK) Thus a single mug provided had to double up as coffee mug, wine glass and teeth clean rinse On the credit side the…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or185-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Service Inadmissible,"After 17 nights in this hotel, the Night watchman said me to keep an other booking when i'll wake up. When i came to the reception, they said me, just before my work, ""oh sorry we are full for this night"". They can late you alone on early morning.  Never make a reservation for this hotel, it's just an advice if you want to take a good time. Mr TROUSSIER-CAMUS.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or190-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Beware room 100!,"Good position (close to metro - 5 min walking) and in a nice road.  The hotel is basic and decent. But room 100 is terrible for the noise.  You literally sleep in the elevator,  with all the mechanical noise. A terrible sound during the night. They comprtent authorities should not allow the hotel to use that space as a room and to charge money for that Hell!",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or190-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Small but ok,"There's no getting away from it, the rooms are small, but it was only for a night, so it was fine. The shower room was minute. But it was clean, nicely decorated, it had a new TV, and a phone even if it was an old one.  The location is the real winner, only 500 yards from Earls Court tube station, we didn't have breakfast as there are loads of places to eat around inc Macs, Pret a Manger, or for dinner Zizzi, Nandos, Wasabi and Wagamamas.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or190-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay in London,"We needed a bed and breakfast within walking distance of the Royal Albert Hall and this was ideal.  Very clean, warm rooms (small), but with TV, tea/coffee and en-suite.  Breakfast was more than adequate.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or190-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,"Problems start from check in. I arrive to this hotel about 11pm after waiting about 15 min and search for member of staff this hotel, Finally I was welcomed my receptionist. After nice a quick check in I was inform where is my room, I thought oh well from now on could be only better. My room was located next to hotel lift which was making massive amounts of noise. No phone in room to contact reception when I try use my mobile phone to contact reception nobody answered my call. When I when the down to see reception one again nobody was there.! This lift make not possible to sleep till 1 am then start again from 6:30am.  This room was small but it wasn't problem for me. This bathroom was nice a clean.  Disgusting dirty carpet in this room is not acceptable.  It's really…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or190-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",SHOE BOX,"This apartment stated that it was much bigger then it actually was, there was no room for our suitcase, no towel hooks, no hair dryer, the pillows were so flat. You could hear people in the next room talking, we were missing several blinds from the window which is on the front of the building, no bar fridge either. The ONLY benefit was the location. even on checkout the concierge was asleep on the job. Just very disappointing for the location and price. ",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or195-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Did what it said it would,"#1 Lexham Gardens hotel is excellently located for the Natural History, V&A and Science Museums, which was why I chose it for my family of 4.  The room was big enough and clean and the beds were comfy.  Continental breakfast was fine and the lady at reception was polite and couteous.  I thought the room rate was fair and I got exactly what I'd expect - good value, great location and a comfortable, clean room to rest the night between Museum visits.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or195-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel,A good hotel whose personnel are very friendly and helpful.  Rooms are clean & well kept.       Liked best the location near to Museum attractions. The receptionist is very helpful and patient with all our queries. A hotel which I will recommend.                              ,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or195-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great value and location,"The staff was friendly and polite, no problems whatsoever. Our family room for two adults and three kids was roomy enough. Daily cleaning, sheets and towels replaced every day. Small bathroom with a very good shower. Everything works. No dirt, no cockroaches. Wifi for extra 2£ a day. Breakfast simple not worth the 5 £. We had a fridge and an electric kettle in the room so could make a breakfast ourselves. Good supermarket just round the corner and an ATM. 10 mins. walk to Earl's court station, 20 mins. walk to museums. Easy to approach from Heathrow, easy to find your way to sights. Definitively a budget hotel, but a good one! My 4 out of five is for a hotel of this price-range, not a four-star hotel:-)",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or195-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",this is an attractive hotel in a convenient location,"i booked a single room and found a double bed and single bed in the room. there was only one light switch near the door, around the corner from my bed so i had no bedside light. i mentioned this to a member of staff when checking out but got no response. also i should mention that the front entrance to the hotel is up a flight of steps so i had to get help going up and coming down. there is no handrail on these steps. breakfast was good and dining area spacious and attractive.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or195-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic,Quality staff who were friendly and helpful. Rooms were clean and smart. Would definitely stay there again. Central location near Earls Court with easy access to central London and all of the great sites of the city.               ,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or200-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Visit,"My mum had planned a birthday weekend surprise for me in London and came across this hotel. The location was perfect as it was set off of a main road which gave a nice relaxing tone to the venue. Reception was beautifully decorated in a true old fashioned London style. A tall bookcase full of old editions of classic books such as Little Dorritt, Bleak House and Pride and Prejudice gave such an antique feel to a very up to date hotel. They very kindly decorated our room with Birthday balloons and banners. There was a gorgeous cake and a bottle of Prosecco. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and more than accommodating when it came to arranging taxis, offering directions or advice on the general area. I cannot thank the staff enough for helping making my birthday weekend…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or200-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,"Excellent location with varieties of pubs and restaurants nearby, underground station (Glouchester or Earl's Court), and it is conveniently on Piccadilly line which means you can take underground directly from airport to hotel. Room and bathroom are a bit small, but knowing the size of London's hotel, I can't really complaint about it. Fair price for breakfast, but I don't fancy eating the same thing again and again, it would be good if they can at least do scramble eggs, half boiled egg, sunny side up on rotation on daily basis. Considered it vegetarian as it does not provide bacon, ham or sausage.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or200-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed bag,"The good: Location is great. Sheets and towels appeared clean. Spacious room. Good TV with all channels you may need.  The bad: Very poor insulation, could hear everything, even conversations in room next door. Bathroom so small I needed to sit sideways on the toilet. Have to pay extra for internet. Surly staff.  The ugly: Cockroaches in hallway. Shower switched from freezing cold to scalding, even on cold setting - not just annoying, but downright lethal!",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or200-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and noise - one to avoid,"There are lots of hotels on Lexham Gardens. My advice is book with one of them and avoid this one. This was easily the worst hotel experience I've had in London for some time. The room was noisy - I could hear other guests in their rooms, as well as their plumbing, much of the night, the carpet was filthy and stained, the bathroom floor dirty, the shower was either boiling hot or freezing cold because the tap wasn't working properly, and the furniture basic and shabby. I've had alot better in London for the same price.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or200-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not what I Expected.,"Customer service wasn't very good, arrived there. no smiles/friendly manner. The lift is impractical, especially if you are traveling heavy or with family/ friends, you can just about get 3 people in the lift. The bedroom was like a box room, quite plain, nothing special, hardly any plug in facilities, had to take turns with my family to charge our phones up, no night lights/lamp, only one main light. window view was just a wall. The only thing I can speak good about was the Location and the breakfast, quite simple, nothing special but it was good. Overall disappointed I would defiantly not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or205-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but definitely not 3 star standard - very disappointing!!,"Family of 4 - the room was very small with 2 singles and a bed that was bigger than a single but definitely not a double so meant mum and child in one bed, dad in single and other child in single.  No air conditioning and with lovely warm weather the heat in the room was sweltering, the plug in fan helped but very noisy, plus a lot of condensation on the windows Room was clean but in need of repair and refresh, paint chipping off and rough around the edges.  Bathroom was ok, cleaned daily but just felt it needed a really good scrub with bleach.   We did consider moving hotels after the first night but just too much hassle with the kids and luggage, and I suppose as we were only in it to sleep it served a purpose, especially as the location was great.  No bar or facility to get a…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or205-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Compact ,"Stayed last night Saturday. Hotel is conveniently placed between two tube stations but like so many hotels in this area lacks a modernisation. Reception is old and wooden carpets worn but passable. Was down in the basement at room number 4 opened room door and bed squeezed in between walls top and bottom, so much infact couldn't use plug as us against metal bed frames. Hardly room to swing a cat to be honest but generally clean throughout. Take a double plug if need charger as only two plugs in whole room. Overall not much to say bout hotel apart from overpriced but generally applies to most In London. If just wanna sleep not a problem but lacks comforts. Noisy outside but needed air down in basement as otherwise bit like a cell.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or205-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Nice little hotel,"This was a very nice little hotel for what I wanted. It is in a great location, close to the tube and the museums. The rooms were clean and the beds were comfy. I would definatley return to this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or205-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Quick stay in London,"All I really needed was a place to lay my head for a quick sleep before heading to London Comic Con early in the morning.  The room was small, but that didn't matter as long as the bed was comfy, which it was.  Water pressure in the shower was ok, but could have been better.  Breakfast lounge area looked very nice but got up too early to check out the breakfast!",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or205-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Regular weekly stay from Feb '15 to July '15,"I have had the privilege to have been a guest of this fine establishment during the week days from February 2015 to July 2015 whilst staying away from home and working in central London. I have been treated exceptionally well. Rooms have been very nice, clean and well furnished. Rates have been very good and the service received has been second to none. I have received very good customer service from Giorgio, Maulik and Bea.  Giorgio has been very accommodating and constantly strived to meet my every request, always with a smile and can-do-attitude. When here always ask for Giorgio as he is highly professional and can ensure you have an excellent stay here.  I look forward to my next visit as I now see Lexham gardens a home away from home.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or210-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Visitors in our room!!! 🐜,"Recently stayed at this hotel would not be staying here again. The first room we were given was tiny and i thought the money I'd paid did not match the room so we were moved to the first floor, the room wasn't much bigger and we have visitors! Ants!!! Don't stay here!😔",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or210-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","""Stay next Door""","We stayed here after staying next door at the Mecure because it looked very quaint,the room was a good size the shower was bad took along time for the hot water to come through then the water would not go down the drain, the breakfast room was very small, had a large fan in the room to keep it cool, only the fact that it was in kensington and could walk everywhere that saves this place! needs a make over badly!!",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or210-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and convenient for brief visit to London,"I stayed at 1 Lexham Gardens for one night for a hen do weekend and it delivered on what was a promised - a clean room and bed in a convenient location.  Don't expect any frills, but one small bonus was that my room had an adjoining balcony to my friend's room next door, so I'd definitely recommend the hotel for anyone staying with mates or in need of a place to crash in a lovely part of London.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or210-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",The center of everything.,"We stayed here from May 10-15 and found it to be centrally located for our first trip to London. The room was very small and the only way for 2 to be in the bathroom was for 1 to be in the shower. We decided that to be within short walking distance of Gloucester Metro and several highly rated pubs was worth it.  Clean, polite staff and we spent most of our time out. Nice stay in Kensington.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or210-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Really wouldn't recommend!,"Stayed on a two night sightseeing trip to London, the hotel is a 5 minute walk from the Earl's Court tube station so is handy for central London. At first glance the lobby area seems pleasant enough, however staff  on reception not very welcoming. The real problems were with our room, we were in room 204, our floor was boiling hot (even on a mild day!) so had to leave the window open at all times! Plug sockets hanging off the walls, scraped paint and a filthy carpet and windows! Room very small- but for '3 star' I wouldn't have minded small and clean, this however as someone said below is no more than a hostel room.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or215-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but noisy hotel,"Stayed here for two nights. Despite it being handy for the shopping and Kensington scene, and a reasonable breakfast, the place was let down by a lack of double glazing. Although off the main Kensington thoroughfares we struggled to sleep. So bad was it that we checked out the prices of nearby hotels. The rooms are clean but small. So small in fact that we struggled to find the telephone (underneath our bed) and you could not even swing a cat in the shower/bathroom. Staff were friendly but we would not go here again.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or215-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, terrible shower",Friendly and helpfull staff. Location is perfect. One thing that was not good was the shower.....only one temperature....hot  & burning and impossible to change! Breakfast was simple but okay.  Price is good.              ,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or215-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good for price ,"I got this hotel from Hotwire secret deals 291 pounds for 4 nights. It was a risk but turned out ok. Located in nice area, Hyde park is minutes away walking. Also near Gloucester road underground station where u can take bigbus tour. Area is well serviced with restaurants and supermarkets. Saints bury is just one street away. ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or215-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Small room,The smallest double room ever. Very basic. No room to sit unless it's on the bed. Designed by IKEA.Bathroom very small. Poor  for amenities. The traffic noise can be horrendous if you leave the window open at night time. Not sure who gave this a 3 star. More like a 2 at best. ,Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or215-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",1 Lexham Gardens,"For the high cost, the room was a dismal hovel, tiny space, tiny bathroom, frayed carpets, grubby blinds, in desperate need of a coat of paint. Awful. The desk staff were not very friendly either, didn't even acknowledge you when you entered or left the hotel. Certainly won't be staying there again !!  Avoid !!!",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or220-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Never a 3 star, maybe a 2","The hotel is very well located and our room was clean. The bed was not very comfortable, but served its purpose. The bathroom was good, clean and the shower was great. the room is sparse, no towel racks, one semi very uncomfortable chair, only one window had a blind. with all that the price is good, the location is good. the staff ok, i did request a wake-up call for my last day at 5:15 to catch a plane, the call never came, and the person on the desk was a sleep when i made it to the lobby, so be forewarned. Overall, you get what you pay for, it is not great, but clean.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or220-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent all round!,"We stopped here over May bank holiday weekend for three days. It was fab all round. Lovely welcoming staff, beautiful entrance area, room was nice and clean and VERY good value for money given the beautiful area it is in. Was really impressed with the breakfast service i.e. nice relaxing atmosphere, no mess left on tables, constantly re-stocking the breakfast bar. They also rang me within an hour of checking out to let me know I left some belongings and ensured this would be kept safe untill this is collected. I will definitely be looking at booking this hotel again the next time I am in London! Lovely little gem of a hotel :-)",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or220-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",GOOD LOCATION AND PRICE,"We were staying at this hotel in the mid of July and the price was a big factor. We could not find anything better for the same money within the same area.  The room was small, on the last floor (attic area) with a semi window there but, as I have said before, the price was great and we were really happy we could stay there.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or220-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",hoStel,"Basic hotel. Our room was more of a private hostel room than that of a 4-star hotel. Slightly disappointed as not what we were expecting. Staff not particularly friendly. However, the room was clean and warm and the hotel was in a good location. Lots of restaurants nearby and a very short walk to Earls Court Station.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or220-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Basic and good location,"Stayed here for a night for the very good price of £42 after a deal on  Hotels.com.   The reception area has a rather nice traditional look to it which made a good impression on check in.   The hotel is in the heart of Kensington. The area is beautiful and feels very safe. It is a stones throw from High a Street Kensington Station, which itself is only a shirt journey from Central London. The area also has a vibrant consumer area with a cinema along with lots of shops and restaurant.   Our room was clean.  It was equipped with a TV and Kettle.  The bed was comfortable.  The shower worked well.  The flush on the toilet was slightly temperamental but other than that the bathroom was practical.   The room was also just spacious enough for the two of us. The bed was comfy too.   We…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or225-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Family room - to avoid,"We had a very disappointing stay at the hotel in the quadruple/family room last Saturday.   The beds were so uncomfortable, especially 2 out of 3 beds.  The sofa bed was completely unusable and so springs or metal parts were broken and sticking out under the bed.  The 2nd bed had was no better and luckily it was for a child.  The bathroom was very small, smelly and there was a problem with the drain in the shower as after half shower the bathroom was starting to flood.  Great to have a fridge in the room, even though the noise of it kept me awake during the night.  The TV in the room was not working, which we did report and got someone to come and fix it but could only fix it partially. Could not get any BBC channels even though we were in the middle of London.  The carpets were…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or225-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Week stay at Lexham gardens,"Stayed at the hotel for seven nights with a friend for winter holiday. Hotel is close to Gloucester road underground station and walking distance from the Museum of Natural History, Science Museum and Victoria & Albert museum. The place was nice and room was clean although a bit small. Beds in our room were really bad, we could feel the springs through the mattress. Also the water pressure was really low so it made showering a bit annoying and slow.The staff was a bit passive and not so helpful when asking advice. Wifi was 2£ for 24hours and it was slow and didn't always work.  Breakfast was really simple, eggs, beans, toast, cheese, cereal, coffee and tea. Would have been nicer if they had bacon and yogurt too. All in all a decent stay but wouldn't recommend if you planned to…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or225-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",I regret booking this hoStel,"This is not a healthy place to stay. The carpet on the floor is very dirty as is everything else in the tiny room. Also they only change the bed sheets when guests check out, otherwise you have to specifically ask for it. If you are bigger than a normal size, don't bother, you will not be able to move in the room. Yes, it's so small.  They also charge separately for using wifi, which is not really working either.  Shower is not working, only cold water. This is kind of hotel that they know you probably won't come back so why to bother fixing anything.  If this doesn't bother you, location is good. And it's warm in the room.",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or225-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",One to avoid,"My husband and I were attending a smart, late function in the area so we thought it would have been nice to have a place to get changed and get a few hours sleep rather than taking a cab home. The location and the price were perfect for our purpose and we didn't really care too much about the negative reviews we read about this hotel. We expected the hotel to be basic but it simply served the purpose of keeping our belongings there for the night, a few hours sleep and a shower in the morning. The negative reviews I'm afraid are all truthful: tiny rooms and bathrooms, noisy, not very comfortable mattress, grubby carpets, nowhere near a 3 star rating. The positive reviews are also truthful: great location, beautiful facade and lobby area, low rates, ok breakfast. So far the hotel…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or225-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",It's cheap - price and quality,"I’ve been to London for a couple of days – to sightsee. And this place is good for this purposes, it is relatively cheap and located in good place, no more than 10 minutes’ walk from V&A, Natural History Museum and Science Museum. Not to mention Hyde Park in almost the same proximity. But besides price and location there are almost no more positives.  Rooms are small, there is no space for luggage. Windows are old and you can hear everything what is happening on the street. When the heater is off – it is freezing, but when it is on – quickly it becomes hot, and one can’t adjust heater – it has only two possibilities. Additionally, in bathroom it is always cold.  There is no sound isolation between corridor and room, so if you are a light sleeper, be prepared to be woken up few…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or230-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice but be careful,"Lovely hotel with great facilities, breakfast etc. But do not use their wifi. It took me hours to remove all the crap that it downloaded. My PC was virtually useless after logging on. And it cost me 2 pounds to trash my PC.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or230-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Recently had a 3-night stay, reception staff were ignorant, room was absolutely tiny for a double room.  No mirror in room, small mirror in bathroom but nowhere near an electricity socket to dry hair (acceptable if your a man with short hair!), bathroom very small, unable to sit on toilet without sitting sideways to get my long legs in! Breakfast - very poor, ok if you like a hard boiled egg and a slice of toast. ",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or230-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Better Budget Options Out There,"This hotel was decent enough for us not to cancel and find something new, but barely. The staff was either rude, or didn't care that we were there. The linens were clean but the room was worn down with dirty carpet, what seemed to be mold in the shower, etc. We had a basement room and with no explanation, the stairs were closed off and we were forced to go up multiple flights of stairs, only to go down multiple flights to go to our room. Beds were hard and almost impossible to sleep on. I needed to sleep on a sweater to be able to sleep at all, as the pillows were so flat. It took 5+ minutes for the water to warm up in the shower, and our last day there we got nothing but cold water. The area is convenient for the tube, shopping, and restaurants, and the free breakfast was very…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or230-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible sleep and poor staff conduct,"We stayed at the hotel this weekend and it very nearly ruined a friends get together for winter wonderland.  1st the good bits its convenient location for Earls court and the smart lobby. That was it.  We were sent to our rooms downstairs from the lobby. The rooms were compact, which wasnt a massive issue considering what we paid, however the fact we had 1 pillow each, a mouldy shower and crack cupboards in the bathroom left little hope of a good hotel.  I walked up the stairs only to have a bag of laundry thrown at my by an unapologetic staff member throwing it down stairs without looking. The same staff member then let himself into our room whilst my wife was in the bathroom, before we had checked out and after she had shouted at him not to come in.  Other member of our group…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or230-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Jekyll and Hyde,"The entrance and lobby look really nice, it is after you get the lift up that things change, the rooms aren't as small as some of the Paddington Hotels but look beige and uninviting. It would have been a convenient stay in a convenient location but the single pillow was as thin as the duvet, the shower was either scalding hot or freezing cold and the sink couldn't be stood by.   What annoys me is the fact no one fixes these little issues, they make the whole experience miserable. For that reason I won't stay again.  The plus is the Earls Court tube is 500 metres down the road and you can drink at the Mercure next door before 8pm on the Happy Hour scheme.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or235-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for ...convienient location,Cheap and cheerful...friendly helpful staff ... excellent location for rail travel...continental breakfast in pleasant dining room with attentive staff.  Had read lots of bad points on this hotel but could not agree.,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or235-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Decent for the money,"This is the 2nd time I've stayed at this hotel. Basically, I'm looking for a hotel Monday to Friday as in London on business. I need it cheap (as paying for it myself) however, it HAS to be reasonable and a good location, ruling out quite a few.  This hotel fits the bill perfectly. It's within 5 mins walk from Earls Court tube station. The hotel is clean (ish) and the staff are helpful and polite. The single rooms are small but they have what you require. It averages at about £53 per night midweek which, considering some of the other ones I've stayed in (which aren't a patch on), is a very good price.   I'd definitely recommend it as a budget hotel.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or235-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",short break,"Stayed one night in a single room at Lexham gardens on 11/11/2014. The hotel is  a short walk, less than 5 minutes, from earls court tube station.The Staff were very friendly and helpful. The room I was given was number 311 which is on the third floor and overlooked the back of the hotel. The room was small, but contained everything you need. The bathroom however  was tiny, with very little space between the shower and the bathroom door. However it was functional and did the job for one night. I only ate breakfast  in the hotel, a buffet continental breakfast which was fresh and had plenty of choice. All in all the Lexham hotel was very good value for money providing bed and breakfast at an unbelievably low rate considering how close I was to central London. This hotel would…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or235-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Room Cancelled on arrival,Absolutely dismal and rude service. The room was cancelled on the day of arrival without any prior notice - essentially leaving me stranded and to sort out alternative accommodation. Stay far far away and book elsewhere or be disappointed.,Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or235-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Brief Stay before the service at the Cenotaph,"I had an excellent stay here the night before the Remembrance service at the Cenotaph. Amazing location, spacious room, I booked a twin and had one double and two singles in one room! Perfect.  Breakfast was a help yourself basis. The room was really hot but it was a great hotel.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or240-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",To stay or not to stay?,"We got a completely ugly room in the basement. It was so hot so it could have been a sauna. We told the man in the reception and he he tried to adjust the radiator without success. Now we understand why there was a fan in the room...  We were told that this was the last room but after some negotation a new room on floor 4 suddenly appeared. This was OK and we got it during our whole stay.  The reviews for this hotel is really from bad to good. Try to understand what room you got before you come here. Try to avoid room 002. 10 minutes in this room and you will faint.  Breakfast is really basic, but OK.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or240-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",nov. 13 2014,"we always stay in this hotel, its very convenient easy access to all stores in High street as well as Kensington areas.Its clean good breakfast, pleasant people i would recommend this hotel.Its easy to find its near the train station as well as Heathrow airport in fact we are going to Gatwick and they were able to get us a private taxi to send us which we were able to pay cheaper than regular taxi.I still will stay in case i go back in London.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or240-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Value for Money,"This hotel does what it says on the tin - and it does it well!! we paid about £55 per night for a 4 night stay. We got friendly staff, pleasant lounge and breakfast area, a continental breakfast which was just fine, and a room that was fully appointed, but quite small. Staying in central London, the small room was not an issue, we slept in it!! There was too much to see and do in London rather than spend time in our room. If you want a large room there are plenty of hotels charging 3 times and more what we paid on this ""budget"" holiday   The Location of this hotel was excellent, Earls Court - zone 1 - was nearest tube, a 5 minute walk, no more, and straight onto district & picadilly lines  This Hotel was clean, service was good and friendly, and the  location was superb!! The…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or240-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Service???,"Stayed here with my boyfriend for one night as partnof a deal with Virgin Experience. On check in the man behind the desk did not acknowledge me and just stared until i spoke to him, they were having work done which is understandable. When arriving back at the hotel at 2am the man at reception was again sat on the desk with his phone blaring music or a video and didnt even look up at us until we asked how to get to our room as the way we was shown was blocked off. We didnt have the breakfast so cant comment. For me service is key and its what makes you want to go back! Attention to detail please.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or240-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",The Shame of it,"I wanted to love this hotel, because location wise, it rocks. Unfortunately, between the really small rooms, bed bugs, rude staff and generally uncaring attitude that exudes from this place, I can't recommend it. I give it 2 stars for location and neighborhood.   Brisbane Australia",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or245-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Wedding anniversary,"Thought I would drop you a line to say how disappointed my Wife and I was during our stay at The Lexham Gardens Hotel.  The room was basic to say the least we booked a double and was given a family room with no towel rails or hooks, dirty toilet,pile of dust behind door and carpet in very poor condition.  On arrival the receptionist was not at all welcoming and on our return later that night she completely ignored us when said goodnight.  This spoilt the whole ambience of our stay which was part of our anniversary celebration.  We would seriously consider not using or recommending Lexham Gardens Hotel again  Yours   John Wheeler  12 Drake Avenue Didcot Oxford OX11 0AD",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or245-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away if you would like nice break,"wow, what can I say, I did read reviews , but as we didn't book hotel ourselves we was hoping till last second maybe it is not so bad, how wrong we were. Rooms , to say rooms conditions disgusting it is very soft word to describe it. Our view was even worst. 3 star hotel?! it must be jock !!!! and staff, really they don't care. Breakfast...... if you call it continental breakfast, I would be ashamed be owner of this place. Rooms, bathroom, view, staff care all experience I will remember as worst nightmare. Stay away from this place.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or245-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,"This is a truly excellent hotel and I had no complaints. I spent four nights and found my single room to be spotlessly clean and perfectly fine in every way. The breakfast was super and more than I expected and the lobby, lounge and breakfast room all lovely.  The hotel is situated within easy walking distance of three tube stations and of Earls Court and Kensington. It was also very peaceful. I was attending a four day course and really appreciated the sense of calm and quietness around.  I wouldn't hesitate to book this hotel again should I be in London.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or245-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Place and Management! Never stay here!,"Absolutely awful accommodation! Room condition is disgusting. You feel like a piece of flesh happened to be dropped by: nobody cares.  They say it is a 3-star - absolute nonsense, No-star, if this is a hotel at all. We just escaped after 2 nights as soon as we found a descent 3-star place. Incomparable difference. Management with a sign of smile tell you dry ""No"" if, accidentally, you want to check out earlier and get a refund for the rest. They don't care.  Terrible mistake to stay at 1 Lexham Gardens, do not ever do that!",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or245-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",basic but nice,The hotel itself was very nice and Staff were friendly. The room was clean and had everything we needed but was very small a bit more space would have been good. The breakfast was ok but limited. No full english!        ,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or250-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but unexpected surprises,"Stayed here with family for about a week. The location is great and in a very affluent area of London. Tube station is not far and is very well connected to the rest of the city. There are plenty of dining options within walking distance and a very large supermarket as well. We booked a family room, however, we did not have a particularly pleasant experience at the hotel. First of all, the room is very small and there was hardly any walking room given the configuration of the armoire and beds. One of the ""beds"" was essentially a pullout couch/futon and the bathroom was extremely small, even given European standards. We had wrongfully assumed that since we were booking a family room, we'd have a bit more space. There is no AC in the rooms (which wasn't all that necessary since it…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or250-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",GREAT VALUE FOR LOCATION,"A bit nervous after reading the usual mixed bag of reviews, and as this is only my second review I will be brief. Good accommodation terrific value for money, nice clean room with plenty of towels and comp toiletries. Lovely continental breakfast and very pleasant and helpful staff. If you require good value (family) hotel handy for Earls Court this would fit the bill.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or250-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap hotel, don't have high expectations","Rooms rates are very cheap for the location and they are clean, that's the good bit. I had a basement room and may have been unlucky but on the down side... (1) the room was very small, no room around both sides (2) no where for secure storage of valuables (3) tiny bathroom, need the door open to brush your teeth (4) cold shower in the morning, no hot water (5) very noisy both in terms of neighbouring rooms where you can hear the conversations and movement of furniture, and plumbing where at any time someone in the hotel flushes their toilet, it sounds like a jumbo is coming in to land on the patio (6) blinds in the room barely keeping light out or providing privacy (7) lumpy bed and paper thin pillows.  Altogether not a great night's sleep.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or250-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Travellers beware - avoid this ""hotel""!!!! Stay at a hostel instead!!!!!","Travelled to London for 3 nights. Being Canadian I was surprised to see how pricey accommodations are in London.  So I opted to use Priceline to hopefully get a better hotel at an even better price than rack rate. Wow I couldn't have been more wrong - I ended up booking this craphole for 3 nights at about $110/night CAD. I couldn't believe that is what I was paying for, and seeing the reviews (all pretty terrible). Hard to believe Priceline offers such below-standard dives. They should really verify the hotels that they are claiming to be something they are so clearly not.  First of all, this hotel is no where near a 3* hotel. It is a 1* at best. Where do I even begin?  Well upon arriving at around 1pm- our reservation didn't have a check in time, and we came straight from the…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or250-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and lovely staff,We stayed here on two different occasions during a recent stay in London and couldn't have been happier with the  rooms we stayed in during both stays. The double rooms were of usual hotel size but the extras that the hotel supplied were a very pleasant surprise. Complimentary bottles of water in the fridge & chocolate on the pillow at night as well as the usual good supply of toiletries made us feel well looked after. Breakfast in the dining room offered a lovely and sufficient selection of foods and staff were attentive in responding to any requests we had. The hotel is in a great location and in walking distance to Earls Court and Gloucester Rd tube stations and a lot of tourist sites. There is even a Starbucks in the hotel foyer.  The front desk staff were always so warm and…,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or255-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good enough for one night,"We stayed here for one night during the London Film & Comic Con (2 x adults and 1 x teenager) and this hotel is within comfortable walking distance of Earls Court Exhibition Centre (as long as you don't have lots of bags). We had a triple room consisting of one double bed and one single. The rooms are VERY small but that's probably normal for the standard of hotel. The room was tidy and clean (apart from a bit of peeling paintwork on the walls) and the en-suite bathroom was very clean. There was single wardrobe with about four coathangers in it and bedside drawers. Bath towels, handtowels and soap were supplied for three people and there was a kettle, mugs and sachets to make coffee with in the morning. The shower is an okay size but the water took ages to heat up, then ages to…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or255-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",one to avoid,"staff were extremely friendly and helpful but the room i booked was appalling. Walls are paper thin and you can hear everything going on in adjacent rooms. Room was below ground level accessed by a narrow steep stairway and then through  similar narrow passageway.Room itself, described as a double was very small with the smallest ensuite ever encountered. Bed was comfortable but overall would not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or255-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Would NOT reccommend,"WOULD NOT recommend this hotel to anyone. We had a Family room and to say it felt dirty, was small, cramped and uncomfortable is an understatement. NOT AT ALL like the pictures show you.  Open the room door and the armoire is in your face! A small double bed to the left (a half step away) and a hodge-podge of beds, actually 2 different style single beds and a dilapidated couch, three more steps in front of you. There was a narrow walkway to the left between the double bed and hodge-podge for bathroom access. These 3 ""beds"" were also blocking access to the window.  There was NO MORE than 6 inches between the these ""beds"" and you had to crawl over each other to get in and out of one bed. The TV was not visible from 2 of the 4 ""beds: and the only place for the noisy floor fan was…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or255-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not as advertised,"I did extensive research when choosing a hotel for my family to stay in while in London for a week. Since there were 5 of us and we were in a budget we figured finding a hotel where we can stay in 1 room will be the most cost effective.  This hotel is in a wonderful and convenient part of town.  Two blocks from the tube and within walking distance of Harrods. Their website looked nice and it was supposedly just renovated. Not only was this not true the actual room was worse then we could have even expected. 1 double, 2 single cots, and a couch with one cushion missing and no back were the ""beds"".  I believe based on a bug I saw in my ""bed"" and the bumps I am seeing on my body that there are bed bugs!!!  On top of the rooms being dirty, although the bathroom wasn't bad. The…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or255-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",excellent value for money...for London,"The place was clean, the staff was friendly and helpful. The location is spectacular for sightseeing. All in all considering the over the top prices in London this is a very good deal. The fact is that, unexperienced travellers to London may be appaled. Not the hotel's fault though. We stayed 4 nights two rooms and two kids. Overall a nice trip.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or260-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Makes Motel 6 look luxurious,"We traveled with friends for whom this was their first trip to London and an eye-opener. Finding someplace affordable was no mean feat since London is not cheap and after a while your head just spins. The rooms (2 double rooms) were very small and not particularly ""user friendly"". The only place to sit was on the bed which was against a wall and not very comfortable. High ceilings helped because otherwise we would have felt like we were in a shoebox.  The bathroom was tiny but clean. A shelf of any kind would have helped since there was no surface to put anything and no towel racks. The water temperature in the shower was difficult to regulate and can get VERY HOT.  Breakfast was simple. Wi-Fi was £2/day after 10 free minutes. I would recommend this hotel for people who have…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or260-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good Budget Hotel,"I spent one night here in April of 2014 when I was in London for a conference. It's a decently functional hotel. It's a bit sparse, but for the money, I had no real complaints. The only issue with the single room is the awkward arrangement of the bathroom. When you walk in, you are facing the shower with the toilet to your right and the sink in the opposite corner. While sitting (sorry), my knees touched the doors of shower, so if you're taller than 5'1 (155cm), you're going to have to put your feet in the shower. Also, it's impossible to stand in front of the bathroom mirror; although, you can lean in to see yourself. Additionally you have to nearly crawl over the toilet to get to the sink. My bathroom also had some inexplicable sticky residue on the floor, which I'm guessing…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or260-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Very good value for money,"Spent 3 nights in may 2014 with my wife, daughter and her girlfriend (they're in the 20's). Pleasantly surprised as the location was excellent, just a few minutes' walk from Earl 's Court tube station and close to shops, pubs and som good restaurants. The rooms (we had two) was small but clean and perfect for our needs as we just wanted to shower and sleep and was out for the rest of our stay. Breakfast in the dining room was good enough; cereal, fruit, toast and eggs. What more do you need?? Helpful and friendly staff at reception and friendly service in the dining room made ​​this short holiday very good and we will definitely reccomend this place.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or260-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good standard!,A nice budget hotel a nice walk down from Clouchester Road Station. Nearby is a Sainsbury supermarket. Clean hotel with OK breakfast. You pay £1 extra for 24hour wifi. Its a little bit to close to a big road so its a bit noicy (earplugs was a hit).              ,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or260-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,The hotel was clean and great value for the price.  The staff were always super friendly and it was generally a great stay for me and my partner.  Looking forward to my next London trip - Will definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or265-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Bed bugs and infected bites. Welcome to Lexham Gardens.,"I work stay in London 3 nights a week , every week, and am used to staying in the cheaper style of hotel and not much shocks me!  I was pretty impressed upon arrival. Nice Victorian Façade, lovely looking lounge area and dining room. Things took a dive the second I went to check in. The receptionist barely even looked at me, asked for my passport and glared suspiciously at it, gave me a room card and told me she needed a £5 deposit on the card. I stat I didn’t have any cash on me so she asked for my credit card, which again she started at without seemingly doing anything with it. So after this happy start I went to get in the lift where I waiting and nothing happened after pressing the button twice, so started up the stairs with my heavy case.  As I say, I am used to cheap rooms…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or265-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and still not worth it,"Roaches - millions of them - rude staff except for the overnight guy, a flooded toilet (even after the repair man showed up) and no shower curtain for the very low showers.  I'd never go back.  The only thing this hotel was good for was the unbelievable stories that my sister and I could tell about it once we arrived home.",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or265-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",1 Lexham Gardens (Kensington&Chelsea),"I had a trip to London this March. I didn't reserve a room beforehand. So I was looking for a chip Hotel with good location from the center of London. I have watched a few Hotels in Kensington&Chelsea. In this region the Hotel Lexham was the most chip with very good location near 2 center underground lines. Reception could check in me immediately. So I decided to stay in this hotel. I had a room at the 4th floor. It was double room with 2 bads, small bathroom. There wasn't a refrigerator but there were tea and coffee with hot water. The room was clean but not so clean as you hope. There was a breakfast  very morning with sandwiches and tea/coffee/orange juice. This is good Hotel, not expansive in central of London. Just to spend the night the hotel is ideal.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or265-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good location near museums,Good location near museums       Good location near museums  Good location near museums  Good location near museums  Good location near museums  Good location near museums  Good location near museums  Good location near museums                                               ,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or265-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Bedbugs. do not stay here!,"I stayed here for 2 nights in September, everything was fine apart from the BEDBUGS. I came out in red bites all over my body and was so terrified when I got home and saw one tiny insect in a cupboard, I threw out my own bed and mattress and took a trip to ikea the same day. budget hotel but really not work getting one of the rooms with the bed bugs.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or270-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel,"We have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel. First thing to remember this is a BUDGET hotel. We had a family room for 4 people (although there were only 3 of us). I'll start with the good points. The room - The room was very clean, bedding spotless, plenty of storage, fridge (very clean) tea/coffee making facilities. Bathroom - Very clean, plenty of towels, changed daily. Breakfast - Basic, but cereals, toast, fruit juice and tea were fine for us. The bad points.  Although the rooms were clean, there were small areas of damp on the wall, a couple of marks on the carpet, but nothing horrendous, but I must stress the housekeeping staff did their job very well, they are not responsible for damp etc. We did NOT have hot water for all 3 nights of our stay, whether it was…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or270-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not a nice stay.....,"Let start with the positive points: Location is good , breakfast acceptable . Rooms are small , beds are uncomfortable , carpet dirty , room cleaned not well (coffee maker was still filled with water) the worst was that insects were crawling out of the shower ! I reported this to the reception and they were not really surprised and offered me a £ 50 discount. You just do not want to stay at this Hotel",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or270-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Bedbugs! (and rude staff),"I stayed in this hotel last August. It had BEDBUGS. The staff wouldn't believe me and would not let me speak either. Fortunately I had caught one of the BEDBUGS. If you do not appreciate getting bitten by these critters (or worse: take them home) and if you rather not have hotel staff interrupt you and raise your voice at you, DO NOT book this hotel. The location, the price: it is all not worth it if you don't sleep a wink and subsequently talked down to by a receptionist. Oh yes, and did I mention they have BEDBUGS??",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or270-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable and Accountable,"The hotel is located in one of the most expensive areas in London with its convenient location to bus stops, underground, laundry mat, grocery stores, Currency Exchange, souvenir, restaurant, and Golden Tour office. The staff was helpful and the hotel manager was very responsible to communicate with their guests to meet their needs. Although the hotel spaces are limited, you paid what you get. It is a place for a busy tourist that won’t spend that much time in the hotel room.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or270-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Suitable even for more travelers,"I stayed at this hotel along with three more girls for a week and we were really content! The location is very good, quite close to an underground or bus stop. As we found out later, the neighbourhood was one of the nicer and safer ones in London. Our room was clean and we could make our own coffee or tea - even though that seems to be normal in England :-) Sometimes we struggled with lack of space, but nothing that couldn't be overcome. Overall, a really nice hotel with a reasonable price for its location.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or275-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and comfortable,"We stayed here for one night before going off to a concert. The staff were friendly and the hotel itself was in a good location. The decor is dated but quite frankly for the money you are paying that is not really an issue! Our room was large, clean and warm. We had a large tv and plenty of tea/coffee. The bathroom was adequate with a good shower. My only complaint was no hair dryer in the room but one could be collected from reception....a very minor point for such a cheap hotel!! I would stay here again for a quick stop over. We didn't have the breakfast as we chose to go to a little restaurant down the road.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or275-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointment,"After 4 weeks in UK and Ireland this was the worst hotel and what I had dreaded unfortunately on my last night. The staff were indifferent, the lift was tiny, the room was tiny and the bathroom minuscule. The furnishings were old. At 2 in the morning someone had a shower leaving the door open and fan off so the smoke alarm went off for a minute or two. People were still evacuating banging doors long after the alarm was turned off. The room was hot so we had the window open not noticing the heater was on. The bed was against the wall and there was only just enough room to pull a suitcase past it. It wasn't even that close to the tube, a fair hike with a heavy suitcase, overnight bag and handbag ready for the flight home.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or275-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth the money,"I am a regular visitor to London and this is my first stay here. The carpets were torn and filthy and blinds were very dirty. Part of the ceiling was coming down, lots of mould in the shower - not somewhere I would return to at all. The only positive thing was the location.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or275-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay for Dylan concert,"Stayed here last week for 2 nights with my daughter for a Dylan concert at the Royal Albert Hall. We chose this as a budget option within walking distance of the venue so were not expecting too much. Very pleasantly surprised as the location was excellent, just off the busy Cromwell road yet in a beautiful Georgian street just a few minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station and close to shops and restaurants.  The room was small but clean and perfectly adequate for our needs as we only wanted to shower and sleep and were out for the rest of our stay. Hairdryers are available from reception for a small deposit and we had breakfast in the pleasant dining room, the usual cereal, fruit, toast and eggs for a very reasonable £5 and nice to find a toaster which works perfectly and…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or275-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",It's been there for years and is a wonderful option on a budget...,"I actually worked at the Lexham way back in 1990 as a travelling Australian, I got a live-in job as a porter there.   It was my first job in London and lasted about 6 months. It was run by a couple called the Wilson's, I imagine that as they were becoming elderly back then, they might not be running it any longer...   I'm glad to see the lift is still functioning, it is certainly beautiful and unique, if a bit wonky, even was back in the 90's so it's positively a legitimate antique by now.   Regarding the rooms there, I saw them all as a porter of course, and I remember clearly that there were some great big lovely rooms and there were some REALLY teeny-tiny pokey rooms too. So good ones and s#1t ones. The hotel had rooms crammed in all over the place, and some them are very odd…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or280-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Adequately priced,"Adequately priced for facilities offered. Clean as reviews state needs some decorating, but rooms very clean and linen clean and beds comfortable. Breakfast basic but adequate.  Ideal for non rip off business stay or attractions bases stay; ie Albert Hall and Kensington Palace. Excellent location for restaurants on Kensington High Street, not to highly priced either.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or280-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Basic, but certainly does the job","We paid £65 per night (one) for a double room which is incredibly cheap for the location, and were pleasantly suprised by the facilities.  The room was small, but clean and bright, and complimentary toiletries and tea/coffee were provided.  The TV worked and the bed was comfortable, but the traffic was a bit of a nuisance - our room was street facing and the Cromwell Road is one of London's busiest thoroughfares so it wasn't the best night's sleep ever.  They could do with double glazing! The 11am checkout was a much needed bonus. All in all I'd say it was good value for money and would stay there again.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or280-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Room Very Tired - but clean in all the right places!,"We paid £95 for our basement room - this did not include breakfast. The decor was scuffed at lower levels and the carpet and vertical blinds were past their best. That said the bedlinen, towels and toilet/shower area were all clean. The TV worked. Our wardrobe was so close to our bed that we couldn't open the door! The bed was reasonably comfortable and we both slept well. We stayed in this venue as we wanted to be close to The Royal Albert Hall. All things considered, for the money we paid and given the hotel was in central London, it was probably a reasonable deal, as all we needed was a clean bed for the night and not a room to spend lots of time in.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or280-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"I stayed here last night and I am not the slightest refreshed as you hope to be after a night in a hotel. Rooms are basic, very shaky bed with cheap mattress and pillow. Single glazing windows, meaning I woke up probably 10 times during the night due the busy main road which conveniently houses a hospital too. Breakfast was basic. Toast, cereal and fruit... Usually you do have the option of a continental breakfast. The hotel room was clean and the first member of staff we met was kind and helpful, yet the second wasn't. I wouldn't recommend this hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or280-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","One of the better ""cheap"" hotels in London","I've stayed at a lot of garbage hotels in London. This one, halfway between Gloucester Rd Station & Earl's Court Station, actually wasn't so bad in the end. It's certainly not luxurious, but the room was bigger than a postage stamp, the tv actually worked, and it's still in central London overall.  The wifi didn't work in the rooms, so that's my only real complaint.  As some of the other reviews noted, lots of restaurants nearby so that's a nice bonus!",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or285-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Small and damp,"I was meant to stay at this hotel - was given a room on check in, I was not expecting much for the money, but the room smelt seriously damp.  The carpet was badly stained, and also felt damp.  Wonky wardrobes and a mattress that was all springs.  Very uncomfortable.  I asked to change rooms and was offered the only other room available, which stank of cigarettes.  I went back to the original room, and also noticed that there were quite a few flies in the room - my skin was starting to itch at this stage so I walked away and went around the corner to another hotel, paid slightly more, but had a good nights sleep.  I will not go back to this hotel and recommend its avoided!",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or285-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not shabby,"We stayed here for 3 nights last week Tues-Fri and we were expecting quite a basic hotel for £216 but were surprised at the cleanliness of the place.  It looks a little shabby on their website but the room we had was spotless and for the price the size was fine.  Very small bathroom but for £72 a night in Kensington we were happy enough.  If you have a room facing the road then it's a bit noisy but I use earplugs so didn't affect me. Really close to Gloucester Road tube with a Waitrose, Boots, Tesco and cash machine at the station.  Only a ten minute walk to the Natural History Museum and the V&A.  Took us 10 minutes to get in to the centre of London and only 30 minutes to get to Euston Station for our train home.  Would stay here the next time I visit London.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or285-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"I stayed with my daughter to visit the Eurogamer show at Earls Court. Really pleased, staff friendly, modern, clean room, comfortable beds. I was even given a free room upgrade. Sainsburys just round the corner. Lots of restaurants and places to eat. Good location. ",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or285-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",excellent for the price.,"Clean, comfortable and welcoming. This is a hotel aimed at people wanting to stay in a good part of London without Hilton prices.  Rooms are good and all enlisted suite even if some. of the  bathrooms are rather 'bijou'  Continental breakfast available but no restaurants. However However the are abounds in fast food outlets and many good restaurants, so no problem there.  Rooms have satellite tv with a number of foreign language channels available, including Arabic.  Have stayed there quite a few times and enjoyed it.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or285-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel,"Booked this hotel for 1 night, receptionist was unprofessional and incredibly dismissive, instead engaging in chit chat with someone else while we were waiting to be checked in.  The drainage in the shower didn't work which caused the bathroom to flood, leaving a rather unpleasant smell.  There was no working A/C in the small rooms, which meant I checked out after 4 hours because I couldn't get any sleep.  Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or290-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but not a great hotel,"A colleague booked this for me for a one night stay in London for business.  Location is great, just off Cromwell Road, a couple of minutes from tube stations and plenty of local amenities nearby. Check in was a relatively surly experience, be aware you will also have to pay a £5 deposit for your keycard. I had a room on the basement floor, it was a typically small London hotel room, just enough room for a bed, small wardrobe and very small shower room.  Furniture was of poor quality, but the bed was comfortable enough and everything was reasonably clean.  Main issue was that it was very hot and there was no way to adjust the temperature other than by opening the window  As I was on the lower ground floor was a bit concerned about security, but had no option but to leave the…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or290-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Compact but pleasantly furnished,"This hotel is in central London, about 5 minutes walk from Earls Court and Gloucester Road tube stations.  It’s just 30 metres from the busy Cromwell Road and as a result is noisy even with the window closed; there is no soundproofing to the room we were in.  We had room 204, an en suite double room.  Both the bedroom and the shower room were very compact but very clean and pleasantly furnished.  In view of other comments, maybe the hotel are progressively refurbishing?  The bed could be accessed from only one side and from the end – about 750mm and 900mm of space respectively.  There was a wardrobe in the corner and a chest of drawers on which the kettle and items for tea and coffee stood.  There was just room to place a medium-sized case flat on the floor and still leave…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or290-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Tiny hot rooms, AVOID!!!","Rooms were tiny smallest I have ever been in, we were in the basement of the building on a hot summers weekend no air con and a small window which being in the basement didn't allow much air flow,we asked for and got a tiny fan that did nothing, staff were not all that friendly, good area close to the tube but terrible rooms!",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or290-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Very basic to substandard: a notch or two above a hostel,"Booked through Hotwire and was really surprised to get this, as it was billed as a 2 1/2 star hotel. I'm not sure you could go much lower than this before you're in hostel territory.  This is obviously one of those many indie flophouse hotels in London that has been bought and dressed up just a bit to make it stand out, in that category.  Negatives: - Tiny rooms, with pretty uncomfortable beds (which are a bit perma-stained), and no room other than what you need to creep around the beds, nightstand and wardrobe crammed in a corner. - You can hear your neighbours easily: tv, sneezing, etc. - No proper curtains - just some cheap blinds, so with a southeast view in June, sleep was hard. - Bathrooms are new, but really small. Nowhere to put anything, and shampoo in little packets…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or290-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Single traveler London dream,"Worked a night shift booked in at 5 am , room in basement , small single but nice and clean, comfy bed , actually got some sleep !  Los of hot water for shower , ensuite facilities well designed,  Only issue is   parking around this area,but you are in the centre of London , and unless you pay for a premium hotel it's the way it goes  ",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or295-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good location.. That's about it,"we stayed here in June 2013 The room was found to be rather dated, and all I can really state is 'dated' slightly grubby, wallpaper had seen better days, torn in places, room was tiny, also really hot... I mean really really hot, literally, I had to leave the room as soon as I had showered and changed, as it was so warm (not just down to the weather being warm either!) which was uncomfortable, even with the window wide open! This also didn't help us during bedtime, we had to sleep with the window wide open, which faced a busy road, sirens, traffic, and not to mention workmen at 5am! the hotel itself is ok, ideal for the tube and right near earls court venue, breakfast was basic, but edible. staff were friendly and courteous, overall ideal location, but wouldn't stay again!",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or295-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Relieved to find this one,"Due to reserving a hotel room for a week later than my stay I found myself rootless in London with the clock ticking on a night where London appeared to be full. Last minute .com found me a room here at short notice relatively close to where I'd originally booked. I paid quite a bit as so last minute but  not the hundreds being demanded elsewhere. I was really worried as I read the other reviews expecting the worst, even that my money had disappeared! Great receptionist who was very welcoming. I got the dreaded room 101 which didn't bode we'll but it was fine. Good shower. Twin beds, tea making equipment and more than I could have expected under the circumstances. Beds a bit soft but room clean and quiet. A great relief.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or295-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",It does what it says on the tin!,I think people are extremely critical of this hotel. It's very basic but I had no other expectations. Yes the bedroom and bathroom is extremely small and everything is very basic but it was all clean and tidy. The bed was quite hard but it was fine for one nights sleep. People said there was bed bugs and all sort of things from this review but the sheets were perfectly clean and I can assure you there are no bed bugs. The staff were very friendly and you get a decent continental breakfast for just £5. I would say it's slightly overpriced for what it is but it's fine for a one night stay.,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or295-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",I do not recommend,We stayed at this hotel in January 2011. The location was not bad and the breakfast was average.   However the room was so small and the bed is so uncomfortable.   The bathroom was not clean and we had to buy a bleaching from the nearest Sainsbury's to be sure about the cleanliness of the toilet and the shower's floor.,Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or295-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay,"i just stayed there for 4 night. the hotel is dated, the bed sooo uncomfortable, stingy, extremely small room. the bath room extremely small. you have to open shower door to sit on the throne. towel were hard as rock and scratchy. no amenities. terrible coffee and breakfast.  the only possitive is that there is a cute guy working there, somewhat clean, and warm since it was cold out side. i would not recommend it to anyone. over priced.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or300-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic,"Stayed for one night with partner friendly welcome our room was very cosy and warm. Room was very clean,bed was really comfy had a great night sleep would recommend with good price overall a fantastic stay !! ",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or300-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Harry Potter,"Booked by the Business as it was local to Earls Court (7 minute walk) this hotel is now on the companies risk register.  The room was 8"" by 8"" with a double bed squeezed in. Aging decorations and one picture made for a drab room. I've seen reviews referencing a prison cell, agreed. At the foot of the bed was a TV (image) making it impossible to pass the bed without side-stepping between the TV and bed.   I stayed in room 207. The shower ran cold, the sink was blocked and the windows were that dirty i couldn't see out.  The carpets were in need of a clean / replacement.  On a positive, the wifi was free and operational",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or300-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, but feels like a prison with a nice entrance.","I stayed here on the 13th February 2013 with my partner after seeing a show.   If all you want is a plain room, a hard bed, dented walls and dirty carpets then this is the place for you for only £55!  On a serious note, don't be fooled by the fancy entrance and the nice looking lobby.  We stayed in room 205. It was a box with an extremely tall ceiling and walls of a dirty white. They were scratched and dented through to the plaster especially where there should've been a head board on the the bed. You could also clearly see the dirt and grease from where others had continuously put their hands on the walls to climb out of the bed. The sheets were clean, I'll give them that, but it may have been more comfortable to sleep on the pavement outside, unless hard beds is what you…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or300-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Simple, clean, great location!","We stayed for 5 nights and will definitely come back. Our room was big, the bathroom seemed like it was renovated recently and everything was clean. The only thing one could complain about was the noise from the main street. ",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or300-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not very impressed.,"I stayed here recently for one night with my friend. Thank god it was only one night.. We had a double room which was absolutely tiny, only really had space for the bed and not a lot else. The furniture was filthy, shower was mouldy, dust on every surface - old dust that had been there a long time.  We had a balcony which had huge doors leading to it that could easily be pushed open from the outside and reached from other rooms making security an issue.  Decided not to use the shower as would probably come out dirtier than when you got in it..horrible smell of blocked drains. The man at reception was helpful once he'd put his mobile phone away and actually acknowledged your presence.  There was a very polite gentleman who was working in housekeeping, he was rather pleasant. …",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or305-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not Stay Here,"Like everybody else, I would strongly urge anybody to avoid this hotel at all costs. I stayed here for one night during the Olympics and had booked a single room. I had just checked in and was in my room when in walked another guest. They had allocated the room to two separate people. I was just glad I was in the room at the time or my belongings could easily have been stolen. We both went down to reception and the receptionist gave the other guest a different room. Neither of us received an apology for this.   The room was tiny and hot and I could get the window to open. I then discovered that the TV didn't work so as I passed by reception on my way out to my event, I asked for it to be fixed. I returned to find that it had been fixed but didn't have any BBC channels. Any other…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or305-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",don't go here!,"Booked this hotel through a recommendation. Wrong decision - bad recommendation. Got there early morning and asked if we could leave our luggage at the reception. The not so friendly girl at the reception said that there was no storage but we could leave our bags in the open lobby area (unattended) for 1 pound per bag. Although the outside of the hotel looks nice, first impressions of the inside of the hotel were average. We went on our shopping tour and when we got back at 5PM checked in to our room. The room was just terrible. Room at the front (street side), no decent curtains, dirty carpets, stains on furniture, cigarette smell, extremely small room and even smaller 'bathroom'. This did not have the feeling of a clean and safe hotel. Within 5 minutes we were out on our way…",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or305-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre/shopping trip to London,"Three night stay at this hotel for our annual shopping and theatre trip to London.  We left home at 03.30am for an early flight from Edinburgh.  Arrived at the hotel at 0915am to deposit our small cases.  The receptionist advised that they have no store for depositing bags.  We were invited to leave our cases in the open foyer.......at a charge of £1.00 per bag.  We were astonished and pressed that we had been travelling for hours and would be going into the city centre.  The young man was very unhelpful and more or less shrugged his shoulders.  I pointed out the notice displayed in the foyer stating that. ""No unattended bags should be left in the foyer"".  He made no comment but offered no further assistance.  I requested to speak to the Manager who was due at 09.30.  In time,…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or305-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Never ever again!!!,"We had a double room, which was suitable for two persons, but the bathroom was a joke. There was nearly no room to turn in a 360° circle! As we arrived the room should have been cleaned, but we found a living bug in the room, and also some kind of bugs in the bathroom! Also the linen where not really as clean as one would like to have them! All in all I would never ever stay there again!",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or305-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here.,"This is not a hotel for the faint hearted. Avoid at all cost. We were given a tiny basement room which we had to access down an uneven staircase immediately the other side of a fire door.  We could have bought better furniture out of the room rate for one evening, the bed was crammed into an alcove so no bedside table,  No room in the ensuite shower room for toiletries. Bars on the windows.  Breakfast fortunately not included as we were told it was continental plus boiled eggs and baked beans to purchase for an additional £5.00 each.  Dirty carpets after the lobby area.  So disappointing as from the outside it looks quality.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or310-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Too small & shabby,"We had a standard double room which would have been small for a one person occupancy  but it was incredibly cramped with 2 persons. The room  was about 4 meters x 2.4 m. including the en suite which was very small. There was was barely enough room for us and our luggage. The double bed was pushed into the corner of the room which meant the person sleeping against the wall had to either climb over the other person or shuffle down to the bottom of the bed to get out of bed. There were no bed side tables, no luggage stands. The en suite had no where to place ones toiletries except either on the toilet lid or the floor. There was a single wardrobe in the room which was falling to bits, it had been screwed to the wall at one stage  but the screws had come away from the wall  and we…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or310-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"The outside of the hotel and lobby area look nice. However, once you pay for your stay and get past these areas it becomes horrific! The hallway smelled and had bits of rubbish on the floors. It would not be a good place to stay if you had respiratory problems. Our twin room had black marks all over the walls. It looked like someone had gone for a run on the walls. The bathroom door would not fully close. During the night we were woken up by what sounded like domestic violence in the room next to ours. We phoned down to reception several times, however, no one answered.  We did not feel safe leaving our room. In the morning we raised our concerns with the manager. He was rude and racially abusive towards us. He clearly had a problem with white people. We were quite surprised by…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or310-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Ridiculously small,"We stayed in this hotel as a couple for 12 nights in October. Our double standard room was on the first floor and we had a nice balcony and view. The room was super tiny, lik this whole hotel, only two people can fit in the elevator, and if you carry luggage forget about it. The room was rather clean, except some strange marks on the carpet. The bathroom was so tiny, if you sit on the bathroom your legs and arms will bump into the tiny sink next to you. The shower is a tiny tiny cube and no hot water was available after 1 AM. The WI-FI signal was poor and hardly worked, only if you go downstairs to the lobby it worked properly. The location was ok, 5-7 minutes walk to the tube station, and a very nice Sainsbury's store next to the hotel. When leaving you have to pay 1 pound per…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or310-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, shame about the lack of soundproofing","This hotel is in a fabulous location, 10 minutes (if that) walk from Gloucester Road Underground, just off Cromwell Road. The room I was in made the most of very little space and I would have been very happy with it had it not been for the lack of soundproofing. I stayed for 2 nights in a basement room (number 007, believe it or not). On the first night, I was woken by the sound of the rain splashing down in to huge puddles outside (the single glazed window kept very little noise out). The second night it was shouting from inside the hotel that woke me. I am not a light sleeper and wou d suggest that this hotel would merit a much higher mark if they would only apply a little soundproofing.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or310-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Words just cannot begin to describe it...,"I booked this hotel after doing some research and it seemed to be ok, and it was in Kensington, it can't be that bad.  Oh, how wrong was I...  We arrived at just after noon, to be greeted by what I thought to be the receptionist on her mobile phone. After she finished her conversation, it turned out she was not the receptionist, but her friend. We waited 10 minutes for the receptionist to arrive, during which time, no attempt was made to contact her, but I did notice the shocking state of the decor of the lobby area.  When she finally did arrive, we asked to check in and the response was epic, quote ""No, it's not two o'clock"". Wow...  I asked if there was somewhere we could leave our luggage and was pointed, literally, no words involved, to a corner of the lobby!  Feeling sure…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or315-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Thumbs down!,"I have spent two nights here and the so called ""standard single room"" I was given, was terrible. The room was in the basement, to begin with. Not only there were no windows where I could see outside, but there was a terrible smell of humidity as well. I immediately rejected the room but according to the receptionist, she could have made a change only if I acted within two minutes of me seeing the room.  Aside from this incident, in all fairness, the hotel is located 5-6 minutes walk to Glouchester subway station, which is about 1/2 hr subway ride to the center. There are a few restaurants, markets and convenient stotes nearby.  Whoever is considering staying at this hotel, please make sure that you do not make your decision base on the exterior view or that at least you will not…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or315-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Average hotel, Convenient location","Lexham garden hotel is conveniently located near the Gloucester road and Earl's court tube station, the bus station is also nearby, #74 bus heads toward central london. There's a sainsbury just around the corner which is open until midnight which is really helpful for buying snacks and whatnot. It's also easy to get to the hotel from Heathrow since the picadilly line stops at Earls court.   Hotel: The hotel is very clean with spacious lobby for a 2 star hotel. The family room was very very spacious but the bathroom was on the small side. You can't properly change clothes inside because you'll keep bumping against something. Simple toiletries we're provided but we're simply just too small. The floors of the corridors creaked when you walked on it since the building is an old…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or315-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","great location, about average","Having read some poor reviews I expected the worst, however inside the hotel is very clean and pleasantly decorated. The hotel is 5 mins from Gloucester road station and close to many shops and restaurants including a large Sainsburys. The staff were polite but not overly friendly. The room was comfortable and warm and as I was up on the third floor I wasnt troubled by noise from the road. The bathroom was very small, the sink was tiny and you had to step over the toilet to reach it. There was a problem getting hot water from the shower, and if you sat on the toilet your knees were against the shower door! The size of the sink made it impossible to fill the kettle so I had to fill it with a mug. The wi fi signal was adequate but did fluctuate, the TV was wall mounted and worked.…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or315-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Smallest rooms everywhere.,Front desk staff were useless. Rooms were so small that 2 of us could not fit in the double with our bags unless you want to climb over them. Our only option was to pay for a family room which cost us another $480 AUD for 4 nights. Beds were lumpy or hard. Pillows the same. Smallest shower. WIFI hardly worked at all and we were told it was because they were busy. Rubbish it didnt work no matter what time of day or night. Buffet breakfast was very small and average. I would never stay here unless you want to be in the smallest hotel room in the world. Only good thing is location but there are many other hotels but it is worth spending the extra cash.,Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or315-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Decent location but poor room.,"You don't expect luxury at these prices but it is fair to expect a room that isn't like a greenhouse with (at least) a window that opens properly. We ended up having to prop it open with an empty bottle of water at night to get cool, not on a particularly warm day either. That left us exposed to plenty of road noise while sleeping in a rickety double bed. The room itself was tiny with a badly-attached flat screen television making moving around the bed an adventure in contortionism.  Won't be back.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or320-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Regretted Late Booking,"A bad mix of a late booking and a late arrival meant I was given the last room in the basement - room 1. Heading downstairs with dread I found the usual subteranean damp smell which luckily was stronger in the corridors than the room. The room was basic, a small double bed and one of those en-suites where any one over 5ft and 7st is going to struggle! The towels and toiletries are also very cheap - I haven't seen sachets of shampoo for a long time. Given I was only there to sleep for 2 nights I lived with the room, if I'd had to spend any more time in the room I'd probably have left and moved to the Mecure next door. Lastly make sure you arrive with cash, I was charged £5 deposit on arrival for a plastic room key!   The location is great, very close to Gloucester Rd tube,…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or320-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",£70/night for a hot box,"What we thought was a good deal off laterooms.com ended up being more than disappointing. We had three large bags and weren't allowed to check in before 2. We asked to check our bags with them, and the receptionist told us it was £1 a bag, and said to just leave them in the main lobby by the door. Isn't it a common courtesy to hold bags? Or at least place them in a locked and secure room, not by the door where anyone walking in or out can grab them?  The room was a double tiny box, we couldn't walk around the bed. It faced the street, and heated up as soon as the sun hit it so by 7am we were up because there was no way to cool the room down - no fan, no air con.  The only positive was the receptionist we had when we checked out who was much nicer than the one who checked us in…",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or320-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Night night mind the bed bugs don't bite,"Not one person spoke English, room was alright if u discounted the broken beds and didn't bother with breakfast after we found a bed bug! The delightful receptionist helped by shrugging when we took it to her! Don't stay here not for any other reason other than the lack of interest of the staff, why pay £165.00 for one night to make up these people's wages!! ",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or320-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Late booking, cheap at half the price!!","I booked this room after i realised i wanted to stay in london an extra night than i had planened, and after staying in some serious dives in the area i was nervous to approach this place.... but what can i say??! I was happy. the flowers outside the front were a nice touch. The receptionist apologised that i couldnt check in early but could leave my bags there for as long as i liked, on checking in i was told that i'd been moved into the family room as opposed to the single occupancy twin that i'd booked and after quite a nervy ride up in the VERY small lift i was astonished at the room. It was clean, it was warm, it had 3 well made, clean, comfortable beds, the room was spacious, the bathroom/toilet was fresh and clean.  yes, the carpets looked a bit shabby and aged, it…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or320-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Okay for this price for 1 or 2 nights, no longer, loud, smelling bathroom...","Imagine: 6 a.m. and you jump shocked out of your bed! The first TWO mornings an extremly loud and sudden fire alarm went off for nothing directly in the room. There was no excuse from the staff after our grievance at the reception. They just answered somebody were showering too long and the steam of the shower set off the alarm, they could do nothing.. NEVER happened to me somewhere else on the planet. We stayed here 1 week. The rooms are quite small and the bathroom is tiny, no space to put anything on. The hotel is located in a nice area, near tube station Gloucester Road but: the bathroom is smelling horrible! It is loud because of a big road in front. The staff seems not very interested in their guests. The beds are very uncomfortable - bad for the back. All in all not…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or325-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Small rooms, terrible air, horrendous beds","Stayed here in July 2012 with my Girlfriend. We got the hotel through hotwire and chose it because of the general location. On the pictures the Hotel looked rather nice, but we were in for a surprise.  For a double-room, it was SMALL, located in the basement. It had a smell of sewage which was only worsened inside the teeny-tiny bathroom. The bed felt like it was made of concrete, the shower barely had waterpressure at all and smelt bad.  In addition to all of the above the air was TERRIBLE. No A/C and windows that didn't open.   The staff we met was nice and friendly, and it was located near the metro and a quarter with bars and restaurants. The low ratings are because of the standards of the rest of the hotel.  Needless to say, we will never ever stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or325-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good for a short stay,"We stayed 7 nights. The personal was friendly at the beginning, then turned to the opposite at the end of our stay. Maybe because we were upset about the two mornings the fire alarm went off for nothing. Six o'clock in the morning you stand in your bed. There was no excuse nothing. This happend twice. When we asked about the reason, they answered just somebody were showering too long and the steam of the shower set off the alarm. Hello? Never heard anything like this. The rooms are quite small and the bathroom is tiny, no space to put anything on. However, they cleaned the room every day. Sometimes, they forgot to fill up the mini tea bar or toilet paper. The hotel is in a nice area, near tube station Gloucester Road but also loud because of a bigger road just in front of the…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or325-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",REALLY DISAPPOINTED,"I will start at the beginning. We booked and paid on the internet in full. It was myself, my husband and 3 kids. We arrived at hotel and was immediately told we had to pay £25 more because for some reason our payment wasn't taken properly by the very unfriendly receptionist. The £25 was for breakfast in the morning you had to pay additionally, which we should have already done (we really wished we hadn't later). After this she also wanted £5 as a deposit on the door key which we knew nothing about.   On arriving at our door the place reeked of cigarette smoke and you had to weave yourself between abandoned hoover wires. We went about our business.  That night the beds were uncomfortable, the fire alarm went off at 6am in the morning for some reason that wasn't apparent, unless…",Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or325-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Low expectations confirmed,"We stayed at the hotel to watch the opening ceremony on screens in London. Therefore only a cheap accommodation was required. 65pounds is ok, especially on that day. Great location and easy to access. You get a hello and good bye at the reception, not more. Key card refundable deposit is 5pounds.  Room is ok, quiet to the courtyard. Bed is old, walls are dirty. The bathroom was very nice and looked renovated. Just don't look to close to details, e.g. the installation of the flat tv, the roller blind or the lenght of the extension for the water heater. For the same price and same reason I would go there again. If it suits your  budget, have a try.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or325-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cancelled Booking upon Arrival,"Booked stay through hotel's own booking service via their website and received booking confirmation a few days before our stay.  Arrived at hotel shortly after 2PM to park the car and to jump onto the tube. After quickly running in to ask about parking, I had to wait 15 minutes while the receptionist had a discussion with another customer. After being served I asked about parking. Outside the hotel after 6PM Is free but before then its 4GBP per hour with the machine only taking coins. During this discussion she was more interested in people leaving the hotel than finish a sentence. Multiple times she would talk to someone else mid-sentence.  After our first impression we quickly jumped back into the car as we didn't have 16 GBP worth of change. While out and about in London I…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or330-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Good spot, not bad place",Stayed for 2 nights while in London in July 2012.  The hotel itself is ok and everything I needed and expected for the price.  The room is small small small and the bathroom even smaller so if you are after comfort and a place to hang out instead of just a place to sleep and shower etc then you probably should look elsewhere.  I am single bloke with no real expectations so it was ok for me for 2 nights but honestly I really don't think I will be back.,Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or330-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good value basic hotel,"I'd recommend this hotel for anyone on a bit of a budget that needs to be near Kensington, Knightsbridge or Hyde Park.  The rooms are small but for a central London inexpensive hotel they are acceptable. En suite with a small but clean and modern bathroom.  Beds are comfortable and cleanliness standards are high.   Negative points in the room, top floor was very hot but unavoidable I guess on a warm day. Internet connection is slowest I've ever known. Completely unreliable for work as it simply didn't load pages. But it's a free service so I wasn't too worried about that. There is no hair dryer in the room either.  Positive points: excellent breakfast. Toast coffee eggs fruit, just help yourself. Really great staff, very helpful. Great tv and rooms that face the back are really…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or330-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good For The Price,"Was worried booking a hotel in London for £60 as usually this means an uncomfortable, dirty flea pit. Had no choice but to get a hotel due to having to be at Hammersmith IVF at 7am!  Reception staff were very friendly and appearance of hotel from outside was very welcoming.  Lift is small and a little claustrophobic but when you are on 4th floor and are asthmatic it is a better option than the stairs. Room was clean and big (we got the famliy room rather than the double we booked) - TV worked with all Freeview channels, wifi signal a little weak but better than 02's mobile signal, bathroom not big and shower had the very unusual problem of the hot water pressure being greater than the cold water which made having a shower challenging! no aircon - but at the price that was…",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or330-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",deception at the reception,"we booked a double room at lexham gardens hotel through travelstay.com. on our arrival the receptionist told us that there as been over booking on their part and allocated a different hotel to us.  the other hotel had no parking nearby, room on the fifth floor and no working lift. when i brought this to the attention of the receptionist at the lexham gardens hotel the degree of rudeness was unbelievable . obviously she knew that the managers at the hotel share the same values and ethod otherwise she would have had to either adjust her attitude, look for training  or leave her job to a more capable hand. the deception  is that the receptionist either referred to the mistake made by them (no apology ) or alternatively the booking company was blamed. despite having our mobile…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or330-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed here in March 28.3.12 - 30.3.12,"Had a 2 night stay here in March  - Very polite reception staff - room was hit and miss. Tv only had a few channels working. The shower was a pain that kept changing from hot to cold. Whilst the room was small it was modern and the bed was brilliant allowing me to get to sleep very well despite being next to the main room. - Breakfasts were basic but handy but I knew that before. - You can leave luggage. 1 pound per item  Its in a very good location. There is a Sainsburys supermarket a few doors away handy for taking munchies back to your room. 2 nearest Tube stations ( both about 5 minute walking distance in either direction) are Gloucester Road and Earls Court. Earls Court is a better with more lively area with plenty of pubs and restaurants.  Hyde Park, The Natural History,…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or335-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable Stay.,"Stayed 2 nights for the jubilee weekend. Hotel in very convenient location just a few minutes walk from Earls Court Tube station. We were upgraded to a family from after originally booking a double, this was done automatically for us, the room was quite spacious and clean with newly painted walled. All in all a very enjoyable stay - would definately use the hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or335-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal if you only want a bed for the night,We stayed for two nights.  Room was small but clean and functional albeit a little noisy being at the front. Bathroom small and you had to wait for the hot water to come through.  Staff were friendly and breakfast was lovely. Overall you get what you pay for and it was ok for a base for us to explore London....If you want 'posh' then this might not be for you....,Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or335-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Polite staff, clean room.","Me and my husband booked a room at this hotel for one night for £54. It was cosy and clean. We had a small LCD TV opposite the bed, a wardrobe and kettle and mugs.  The bathroon was a little small and tight but it was sufficient enough and had a good shower. We were not able to get a good Wifi signal and had to go into the lounge to browse on our laptop. The staff were friendly and helped advise us on the local parking. The view from the window was terrible but to be honest it didn't bother us at all as we spent our day out and just needed a place to sleep. The headboard creaked quite a lot and my husband had to push the bed forward as it kept banging against the wall everytime we tossed or turned - at one point it made a long bang and the guests next door shouted to say they…",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or335-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",clean..but nothing special,I've been there last week end with Mm and Brother. We had a 3beds room. It was clean but really small and we had to ask for a new mattress 'cause the one we had was really bad. Some of the guys working there are not polite and you have to pay for everything (from the bad wi-fi connection to the storage of our luggage). Luckily the position of the Hotel is great and you get the Earl's Court Tube station within 5min.walk.  If I could choose a different one....I would probably do.,Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or335-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Affordable London,"Good value for money! The position is 3 min walking from Earl's Court tube stop. Moreover, Lexham Garden area is lovely and quiet, with cozy houses and lot of green and flowery areas. The staff is fairly competent, but not as warm as expected. I must underline one disagreeable episode: one receptionist tryed to recommend to me a private tranfer service to the airport, after telling that the regular one was off duty. I booked by myself the mentioned service: it was regularly in operation and it was cheap and excellent. Beware of liars and do not trust too much!",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or340-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Never felt so humiliated in my life!!!,"I pre-booked this hotel as the photos on their website looked quite nice.   On our check in day, we were told there was a water leak problem and so they had to move all their guests to other hotels.  They booked us in to a hotel nearby which they said their sister hotel, quickly refunded our money and gave a letter of apology, dated 6 months ago!!!.   So when we got to this new hotel,  the guy at the reception said that he never agreed such a booking and was not even aware of it.  Anyway, he contacted Lexham and between them they agreed to book us in however after seeing the standard of the room and the surrounding, we decided we'd rather not have a place to sleep in for the night and we were even willing to go back home and waste the whole trip for it.  It was that bad. …",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or340-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Simple, clean and good value","I stayed here for 4 nights in room 207. A clean, simple, restful room. Small but perfectly adequate shower/ sink/toilet. Reception and dining area in very good condition. Continental breakfast which was nice. Staff friendly, especially the blond girl in glasses on reception, she is a credit to the hotel. Great location, central london but not too noisy. Great value for money, would definately stay here again!",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or340-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",THE MOST DISGUSTING AND OUTRAGEOUS HOTEL  I HAVE HAD THE MISFORTUNE TO COME ACROSS,"Had to give this apology for a hotel a 1rating otherwise could not write review.We didn't even get to stay but the treatment we received was beyond anything I could imagine. We booked one night over the net for today and arrived at hotel reception around 13:00 hrs. We were told no rooms were available till 14:00 hrs as the receptionist scanned the room list. That's ok we said, we would wander down to the science museum for a couple of hours and book in later. We got back at around 16:00 hrs and then the trouble started. We were told that due to maintenance troubles they were shifting us to a sister hotel just down the road. We were hurriedly given a refund a letter of apology signed by Adam the revenue Manager with a map. We should have smelled a rat there and then as the letter…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or340-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE! BE WARNED!,"The reason we booked this hotel was purely based on location and price. However, after staying one of two nights in this establishment I would NEVER return to this hotel. We arrived at 9 am yesterday, aware that we would not be able to check into our room until 2pm my partner had telephoned earlier asking if we could leave out luggage in the hotel until our room was ready so we didn't have to carry it around with us for the next 4 hours. He was told this would be fine but that there would be a £1 charge for doing so. Neither of us had a problem with this as we assumed our bags would be put in a store room or at least a cupboard. Upon arriving we discovered this was not the case. ""Just put your bags by that sofa"" the receptionist told us. I enquired as to when they would be taken…",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or340-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Simple, but suitable for a night away","I booked a single room, and for a hotel in a peak area of London for a one night stop over in London, it was good value for money.  The hotel was easy to find;  clearly signposted, and the map was very detailed in how to get there.  Upon arrival, I was suddenly surprised that he asked for ID, not something I have ever had in my 7 years of Business travel in the UK, but since I had no passport with me, he accepted a card with my name on it.  I was then surprised to be told I had to pay £5 cash deposit for the room key.  Again, no prior warning of this.  Forewarning would have been better.  Following checkin, I noticed I had been upgraded to a Twin room for 1, and the extra space was nice.  Despite being simply decorated:  no headboards on the bed, no desk (take note if your not…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or345-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",3 nights at 1 Lexham Gardens Hotel,"We stayed 3 nights in this hotel and we have got a good impression.  Not to big but friendly and near Earls Court metro station (about 3 mins on foot).  The room was very small, i think not bigger than 10 square meters but it was clear and the wc was too small but with every confort you need to stay for few nights. I can recommend this hotel to everyone who wants to stay few days in London and doesn't want to spend too much.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or345-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",pleasantly surprised,"After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor I was a slightly worried about staying at 1 Lexham Gardens. However, my stay here was better than expected.   I stayed just one night with a friend during a 'fly in'' trip to London, so all we needed was a good value, basic hotel to rest our heads for a few hours.  We booked just a twin room, but were instead given what could be classed as a family room with a double bed and two singles pushed together. There was also a sofa in the room, a spacious wardrobe, coffee making facilities and LCD TV. The bathroom was fairly modern and big and consisted of a shower, wash basin and toilet.   Okay, the rooms could do with a bit of TLC and cosmetic touch-ups, but we found it to be comfortable, clean, and practical.  If you're looking for somewhere…",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or345-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good for the price!,"We've just returned from a night at this hotel, and was pleasantly surprised after reading some of the comments on here.  Our room on the second floor facing the back, and the bathroom were very large and modern, ok the walls were a little shabby, but it was clean and quiet and we had a good nights sleep in a very comfy bed. The breakfast was just cereals, toast, beans and eggs but was perfectly adequate.  The location of the hotel is fantastic, between Earls Court and Gloucester Road tubes, just a few stops from the West End.  For a cheap and cheerful hotel in the heart of London, you really cant go wrong here.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or345-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best...,"Stayed in double bed basement room 001. The room was very small and shabby. The bathroom was very small and freezing cold. The window in the bathroom looked onto a dark utility room. The room itself looked onto a dirty courtyard which was frequented by the hotel staff. The hotel is located in a good location and was easy to find, however this doesn't make up for the poor state of the room and getting no sleep due to the CONSTANT banging from the room upstairs. To give a fair review another room not on basement floor may be better but I wouldn't stay there again.",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or345-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",BED BUGS,"I am currently sitting in Lexham gardens hotel. We were given a small basement room which is not brilliant, but we were ok with it for the great location and price. No real problems until tonight, our third and final night. Woke up half an hour ago because my hands felt like they were burning, turned the light on to find a large bed bug in the sheets. Now at 4am instead of sleeping I am sat bolt upright, mentally planning what I will do when I get home tomorrow to avoid infestation in my house. Not worth the risk of staying here, give it a miss!",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or350-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a good clean,"The location is nice, the lobby is pleasant enough but the rooms are a bit run down and in need of a good clean.  For the price and the location, it's not too bad really but I wouldn't be rushing to stay here again.  Staff were nice, breakfast was OK, room was very small.",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or350-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Small but good value for money.,"This small hotel is in a good location with very friendly and helpful staff. The rooms are very small but clean - and given the price, are great value for money! They don't have air con, and you should ask for one at the back if you are really bothered by noise - we slept with the window open and it was fine, but others mentioned the noise. Limited but fresh breakfast menu. A good hotel all round for the price!",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or350-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good if you are on a budget,The rooms are on the tiny side but are clean and perfectly adaquate for a night or two.,Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or350-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for a short stay,"Stayed here for 1 night recently. My stay was purely based on price. The rate was very reasonable. The location is great. Yes, I agree with other reviewers who say the bathroom is very small, but it was clean and served a purpose. The beds were comfortable, the room was clean. I would definitely stay here again based on my recent experience of the place. If you are looking for a comfortable place to throw your head for a night, and don't want to pay a fortune for a night in a London hotel, book this place!",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or350-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",BEDBUGS seen in 1 Lexham Gardens,"BE AWARE! This hotel has a bedbug problem!!! Stayed in 1 Lexham Gardens hotel for 3 nights and in the last day I noticed itcing red bumps on my legs. At the night I woke up and saw a bedbug on my bed and right after that I saw another one. Getting rid off bedbugs can be very difficult and time consuming and it can cost you a quite lot of money. We put all our luggages (clothes, jackets, travel quides, books etc.) to a freezer to avoid infecting our own appartment. In my opinion you SHOULD NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL until this bedbug problem has been taken care of.",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or355-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing. Would not recommend this hotel.,"I booked my stay through lastminute.com and paid 55 GBP for a single room for one night. The room was actually a triple and contained both a double and single bed.   Although impressed by the spaciousness of the room, I was somewhat annoyed at the following significant drawbacks:  -a window that did not close properly and guaranteed a cold draft for the whole night -a hard and uncomfortable bed -a shower enclosed in a ridiculously small recess (in a bathroom that was surprisingly large and certainly large enough to hold a larger shower recess) -the same shower which featured two kinds of running water: scalding hot or icy cold (note: scalding hot only available after four minutes waiting time) -a toilet seat which was too small for the toilet bowl -a device plugged into the…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or355-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent Hotel, very impressed!","Stayed here recently on a business trip.  Struggled to get hotels in Clapham so we settled for this hotel on laterooms.com.  The price was very affordable so we were sceptical when we booked, however when we arrived at the hotel (just a 5min walk from Earls Court Tube), we were very impressed!  The double room which I booked, turned out to be a family room with two double beds, and large sofa! There was a very large LCD Tv on the wall and very modern decor.  The bed was comfortable and the the sheets, towels etc were clean and tidy.  Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel to others, especially with the 'budget' price per room.  There was some nice pubs and restaurants within a short walk from the hotel.  Thanks",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or355-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel experience of my life,"I only stayed one night, but it was the worst hotel stay of my life, and I am an extensive traveler. 'Management' policies was responsible for this.  After returning from dinner, after I had already checked in, the hotel refused to let me back into my room until I gave my credit card. This was due to payment transfer issues from Agoda to Lexham Hotel. I had previously paid in full to Agoda and had my confirmation voucher for this. This issue should have been settled between the hotel and Agoda - I (the customer) should not have been inconvenienced by this.  The following morning I was given back my credit card, however upon checkout, management changed their mind again and 'Adam' the assistant manager would not let me leave the hotel and demanded I payed the hotel in full for my…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or355-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","For a short stay, it's ok.","Great location, within walking distance from the underground's Earl's Court station, on the same line that comes from Heathrow, so no transfers required with your luggage. The hotel looks nice from the outside, and the lobby and breakfast areas were cozy, like a large old home. One the other hand, the room was pretty awful, they gave me room 010 below the main floor, to get to it, it was a bit of a maze and felt like a ""dungeon"". Carpet on the stairs so worn that some steps were ""fixed"" with masking (painters) tape. The room was designed for a very slim person, nice bed, but it barely fit so it was difficult to move around it. The  radiator heating was open so it was very hot. I managed to close it otherwise I would have baked there.  Two settings, open (extremely hot) or…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or355-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and tidy,"This hotel was clean and tidy, the room was small, but what you would expect for central London. My only issue with the room was the carpet, it was old and worn, there was even a large iron burn in the carpet at the end of the bed.  The hotel was within walking distance of the two underground stations, there is a starbucks a 5 minute walk from the hotel. The breakfast was very basic, but for the price, I couldn't grumble.   I would stay in this hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or360-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"This is a good value for money-option if you give priority to the location of the hotel. There is no point in staying at Lexham Garden if you are looking for luxury accommodation. The hotel in itself is not very interesting. Anyway, plus points for excellent location close to the tube station, and there is a grocery store close by. No restaurant in the hotel, however, several options in the neighbourhood. The service was good, and the staff were helpful with directions/a map etc. The rooms are very small, I am no large man but I could hardly turn around inside the bathroom. There was no water pressure in the shower and the water was cold every day after about 08:30. There is only what you need in the room; a bed, a wardrobe and a TV. There is no mini bar, but you can buy drinks…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or360-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet place to spend a night or two in London,"While not the fanciest place to stay in London, it is clean and quiet. I was on the very top floor and the room was nice and the bed was comfy enough.  I don't eat breakfast, just a cup of java or two to start my day so I wasn't put off by the extra price for breakfast. But as prices go, I've stayed in places that charge a whole lot more for a bite to eat in the AM. There is a grocerey store a block or so away and they carry a great selection of fruit and other goodies. For the money, I found this hotel a good value and I would stay here again in the future.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or360-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Tiny room, tiny price","My wife and I stayed two nights bed and breakfast at £115, very cheap. The room was tiny and only just adequate. The window that opened on to a jont balcony with four orher rooms, did not close firmly which meant that whIlst locked, it was still very noisy. I thought my wife had opened it at one point it was sO noisy. We passed on breakfast because it looked so basic. Tea toast etc. hairdryer only available as collection from reception, nOte: collect the night before because they run out quickly. Double bed was lumpy. Probably wont stay here again unless on a very tight budget. ",Date of stay: November 2010,3.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or360-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Run Down in Desperate Need of TLC,"I stayed here recently and was told on arrival that breakfast was not included and would cost an extra £2.50 per day despite it saying on my booking confirmation that it was included.  Breakfast was minimal and I would have been disappointed had I paid extra for it. I was given a basement room which was dirty, the carpet threadbare and heavily stained.  The white bed sheets and bath towels were also very stained.  Cracked tiles in the bathroom, dirty grout, no light bulbs, cracked window pane etc etc etc. Please don't book this hotel if you value your sleep, the location means that it is VERY noisy.  Cost £150 for two nights and really wasn't worth it.",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or360-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",More than I expected,"I was staying on my own for 3 nights at the end of September, so to make my stay as cheap as possible i booked a single room with no breakfast.  When i arrived i was given a large family room and also breakfast for the three days.  The room was fine with a double and two singles and the bathroom was a good size and clean. The breakfast did not have a big choice but it did its job. Good location only 5 minutes from Earls Court.  I would use again.",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or365-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",BEST OF BRITISH,"We booked a triple room & found everything (incl. showers) in good working order!!! The only very slight issue was that the tea making facilities consisted of one cup, (for a triple room?) but this was soon rectified. Overall a good location, short walk from Harrods, Kensington High St., restaurants etc., yet in a quiet location. I know where I'll be staying the next time I'm in London...",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or365-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Great loc, Tiny rooms","Stayed here for a 3 night weekend in sept. The first room we were given was on the 4th floor and was spacious enough but because of a sewage vent outside our window it stank. We complained the next morning and were moved to a much smaller but non-smelly room on the 3rd floor. Also the windows in the rooms were not the most soundproof so being close to the busy Cromwell Rd made it tough to sleep if you were not used to traffic.  Apart from this overall the hotel was fine. It's location is fantastic, being just 5 min walk from Earls court Tube station. The rooms, while very small were very clean and well maintained and the staff was helpful. Breakfast was basic but adequate",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or365-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",If only they could...,"It's a great location and the rooms, though small, are a decent size given the price. But...  We were three people in three rooms. One room had barely any water pressure and no hot water (if you turned the shower on to a dribble, the washbasin tap wouldn't work). One had hot water but no pressure and only the third room was 'OK'. And the soundproofing between the rooms was so thin that you could pretty well hear the words spoken by your neighbour. This is all fixable and some work could make this a great hotel.  Especially if they get a grip on the fire alarm that goes off accidentally at 5.30 am two mornings in a row...",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or365-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Changed our room booking, splitting us up","I booked 1 Lexham Gardens for myself and 2 girl friends for Notting Hill carnival. We booked this hotel because of it's triple rooms.  On arrival, at 12.30pm we were told we weren't allowed to check in until 2pm but they checked our booking and said everything was fine. We went off for the day and arrived back at 6pm to freshen up. We went to check in and they said they'd changed us to a single and a double as there was a mix up on the system. We argued that they'd said it was fine 5 hours earlier but they didn't seem to care. We asked for part refund as that's not what we booked but no. We had no choice so checked in..  The double room was absolutely tiny. It bed touched the walls each side and you had to enter from the bottom. No mirror or side in the room to put anything or…",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or365-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",$537.10 for a dismal room with no air conditioning,"My family and I booked a room through Venere at this hotel in London. We read the hotel's website and expected a decent experience. The experience was completely the opposite. The lobby is shabby at best. The room was worse. The bare light bulb hanging from the ceiling in the middle of the room pretty much says it all.The bathroom needed updating. To top it off, the room had no air conditioning and London was in the middle of a terrible heat wave. We have stayed in hotels for less money in Italy, Spain, Canada and the U.S. and they all had air conditioning. It was already late in the evening, but we refused to stay. We found a fabulous room, in a Holiday Inn property, with air conditioning and a great breakfast for about $200.00 less.  We cannot recommend this hotel at all. Look…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or370-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great customer care,"We booked into this hotel for 27th August and on arrival unfortunately were told that the hotel had experienced flooding in 9 rooms and that we had been relocated. This was a circumstance out the hotel's control but the staff did everything they could to relocate us. We ended up staying at a beautiful 4*  boutique hotel down the road, the cost of which was incurred by Lexham Gardens as the fault was not our own. We had a lovely stay but will look forward to actually staying at lexham gardens next time!!",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or370-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Well spent money,"Good room quality, staff was very helpful. Free, open and fast wifi in the entire hotel! The only disappointment was the breakfast.",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or370-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",A Bargain!,"I'll defenitely back! 1 Lexham Gardens is a lovely cosy hotel in one of the nicest London areas, Kensington! The room was tidy, continental breakfast, the staff polite and helpful at any time. Comparing price-location-quality I would say A BARGAIN!!",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or370-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly & Clean Place,This is a very nice Hotel to stay the room was clean the staff was very helpfull i will defently stay here again .   the hotel room was not that large but i guess it was much larger than other hotel where i stayed before in London,Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or370-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Eh, kinda yucky but could be worse","We stayed at 1 Lexham Gardens for two nights. When we arrived we were told that there was a problem with our room so they had booked us a hotel across the street. We were pretty surprised, but lugged all of our stuff across the street to check in there. We did have a room booked, but it only had a twin bed which clearly wouldn't work for the two of us. We were sent back across the street to Lexham, where the guy at the front desk somehow found a room for us, although 15 minutes before he had told us there was nothing available.   Our room was very small and the bed was in a really awkward spot, right in the middle of the room. There was a light bulb with no shade, hanging from the ceiling. There were a bunch of weird, random holes in the wall which seemed strange. The bathroom…",Date of stay: August 2011,2.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or375-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and very nice accomodation,"Reading previous reviews I was unsure if to book my stay in this hotel. As the rate was cheap and the location was perfect I decided to give the hotel a chance. It was a happy decision. The room I've been allocated was big, clean and with a big flat tv. The staff is very helpful and nice. The lobby area is very beautiful and the entrance is adorned with beautiful flowers. I really ejoyed my stay at 1 Lexham Gardens Hotel. I strongly recomend it!",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or375-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Definitely, I'll be back!","We stayed in 1 Lexham Gardens Hotel at the beginning of July for a week in a triple room. The hotel is very clean and confortable. The staff is adorable, very very helpful. The room was with private bathroom and lcd tv. The location is perfect, in the very center of London. It was a pleasure to spend our holidays in such a nice city as London and in such a confortable hotel. Thank you!",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or375-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",BED BUGS IN 1 LEXHAM GARDEN,"AVOID : AVOID. Bed bugs in beds, and they don't take it serious. Talking to them, they gave us  the feeling that we where the ones who had bed bugs with us. They fixed the problem  by changing the beds, but this will help only for  few days.  Coming home, we had to freeze all our belongings and wash all the clothes. If your house gets infected with bed bugs you may spend a lot of time and money trying to get rid of them.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or375-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Be aware of cancellation polcy,Please be very aware of the canceelation policy as i just lost out of 400 euro after cancelling the booking!!!,Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or375-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Please Don't Stay Here. I ignored peoples advice on here and wish I hadn't!,"Blood, Dirt, Cockroaches, Dust, VERY Rude staff and manager!  I hope that this Review will make a difference to honest people spending their hard earned money.  I recently booked, through booking.com, a 4 night stay at 1 Lexham Gardens in Kensington. I am not usually a person who complains about anything but I think you need to know about this hotel and their total lack of regard for clenliness and/or their guests. It should not be open to the public until something is done about it. I have written to the Trading Standards it was that bad.  The first night, we checked into the hotel and we were given a room with no hot water. Nothing was done about this and we were told to wait until the morning at 8.30am for this to be resolved. At 9am the follwoing morning it had not been…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or380-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",OK value for money,"The hotel is extremely basic - no lampshade on a bulb from a ceiling, no hooks in the bathrooms and minimum decor in the rooms.One of the paintings on the wall was placed behind the TV. But the twin room was £75 so it is OK value for money. Normally I travel to London on business and pay more than double for a decent but not luxurious room. The shower was the worst of English plumbing, almost non-existent water pressure. Location was convenient, easy to get to Heathrow and around London. Room was clean and breakfast adequate. For the money, it is OK.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or380-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Quite all right,"I stayed here with a friend for a weekend. The room was very small, and so was the bathroom, but the beds were very comfortable. The room had a TV and coffee/tea-making facilities. The bathroom looked very nice but had a faint smell of... sewage or something not nice. The staff was nice, though, and the location is great - Earl's court is a very nice area and it's central.",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or380-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",...really dirty,"..the only plus of this hotel is the location, very to easy to  get everywhere in london.  it lacks of cleaness, the moquette is very old and dirty, the bathroom very dirty too; Ipersonel staff sometime is smiling and sometime seem to be really bored by all the request the breakfast is very poor although included in the price I paid for the room only GB tv were available  wouldn't go back there, I found a lot of other  hotels in the same area which look much better",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or380-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","At the limit of acceptability, but still acceptable","Pluses: If you are not very demanding in comfort and intend to spend a night or two in London, then this hotel is OK. Ask for a room which is not on the street side (very noisy). Breakfast acceptable but like everything in this hotel, touching the limit of acceptability.  Minuses:  The rooms are equipped just enough to make them acceptable. They are large enough for the double bed to fit but not for moving around easily in the room. However some basic amenities are crucially needed: the lack of hooks in the bathroom to hang clothes/towels and wall stands for soap could irritate many a customer. The night receptionist was very rude and told me to leave the lobby arguing that the speakers of my laptop were making too much noise (I was giving a skype call, with minimum volume) and…",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or380-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but very basic facilities,"I stayed with a friend at 1 Lesham Gardens for four nights. The hotel has a great location; Gloucester Road underground station and bus stop are just a few minutes walk away, There are also some shops and restaurants nearby. V&A and Natural History Museum are not far either.  Our room in the basement was very small. The stairs to the basement were steep and narrow, not ideal when lugging a heavy suitcase! The carpet on the stairs was almost worn out which gives a bit shabby air to the whole place. The room was a twin but the size of a single room, so with two beds, two suitcases and two people there was hardly enough space to move around.  There seems to be some kind of damp damage somewhere as there was a strong smell of mould in the bathroom. The staff fixed the problem by…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or385-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel budget rooms budget cleanliness,"We wanted a cheap hotel in central (ish) London, and if you can't afford better, this is what you get I suppose.  The room was small but high ceilings, but there were no curtains in the room, only vertical blinds (office style), so there was no way of getting the room dark or particularly private.  As the room was also very hot, you had to have the window open, hence the blinds blow around & let in light.  The room had all usual amenities, kettle etc but the electrical sockets were poorly located (underneath a shelf) and were no where near a mirror, so drying hair was a bit of a pain.  The shower room was compact but a great power shower.  Good rating for the bathroom until you notice the cobwebs and dust hanging around the ceiling.  Also no sink plug provided.  Towels were very…",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or385-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and Good,"We just finished a 4 night stay here and had a pretty pleasant experience. We had a double room on the first floor which had access to a small shared balcony. The room was pretty small but comfortable as we were out most of the day and just crashing here at night. The bathroom and bed were both quite small, if you are 6ft then this is a place you would have to avoid, sitting on the toilet your knees are only a few cm from the door. The bed was soft and comfortable but a little small for 2. It was very stuffy on the first night as the passageways in the hotel are heated and the room has no window to open. We opened the doors to the balcony for most of the night but closed it just before going to sleep, this let in a bit of noise but was ok. There are tea and coffee facilities and…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or385-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",ideal for low budget short stay trip,"we stayed here recently for one night and after reading the other reviews was preety nervous about what we would find. on arrival i was impressed the outside looked lovely and the location perfect for what we wanted. the reception area was very stylish and although the receptionists english was not fantastic she was very helpful and friendly. our room was in the basement  quite small not fantastic, basic but clean and tidy. there was an area of damp on the wall behind the wardrobe but other than that we was happy. the bed was comfy and the ensuite clean. the window in the ensuite could do with a blind as it is only half frosted and the area behind it looked to be having some work done although no one there i was a little worried someone would see me having a wee!! we only paid…",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or385-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel!!!,"We visit London couple of times a month and this is by far the worst hotel experience we have ever had in this city. Yes, often the three star hotels have small and shabby rooms, but if the hotel is clean, service polite and the price is right we don´t complain. Staff here was exceptionally rude and unprofessional. During our stay we witnessed several times the young lady in the reception being aggressive towards customers. The room was in terrible condition: there were serious moist problems, no heating in the bathroom and only luke warm water. Having a shower was very unpleasant experience. TV and interenet connection were not working properly. There were problems with the bill. The hotel charges deposit for the key and hair dryer and they only accept cash payment. The reason…",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or385-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not good value for money,Bedrooms are extremely small and you certainly could not relax in them after a day sightseeing or shopping. The hotel is clean and the buffet breakfast was quiet good but would not recommend it for longer than one nights stay.Not value for money. Better to spend few extra pounds for some comfort.,Date of stay: February 2011,2.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or390-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location...considering the price, it was tolerable","This hotel is located very close to multiple tube stations. It has some great eating joints close by. The rooms are very very small - you can barely have place go keep 2 small suitcases. The lifts are small. Breakfast though is all right. Considering the price we paid in an expensive city, the stay was tolerable. We were out the whole day and stayed in the hotel only at night.",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or390-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely Disappointing!,"I booked this hotel expecting a lot more!   Firstly, whilst booking a double room for 2, I specifically asked if we could check in at 1pm, due to our early flight arrival. On arrival at the hotel at 1.35pm, we were made to wait (with our luggage) until exactly 2 pm, as the customer representative said that no rooms were clean until exactly 2 pm. When asking whether all the rooms were cleaned simultaneously, the representative shrugged his shoulders and said “Just wait until I get a call!”  Eventually, when getting into our room, we found it to be very small, very claustrophobic and very noisy. We could hear people in the rooms next door and also had a few bugs on the bed.  After trying to get some rest, we found that other people were also checked into our room and thus had…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or390-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",It is a good value for “pricey London”,"Our family had a very positive experience during our eight night stay here over Christmas & New Years.  Although the room was a bit small for four adults, the service from the staff more than made up for it.  We were given timely travel assistance by the staff & always felt welcome.  Breakfast was included & it was, overall, a good value for “pricey London”",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or390-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you paid for!,"It was ok for the money, Shower didnt work but they upgraded me straight away, still the shower was not great.  Location ok too, earls court is the nearest tube. Value money as it very expensive in london anyways. Not much to say really, but I dont think I will stay there again.",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or390-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely lousy hotel,"100 Engl. Pounds for a Double Room. With a small double bed and an even smaller cupboard there was not even place for two people staying inside. Not even one hook to hang on a jacket or something. No hook in the bathroom to hang on the towels, we had to place them in front of the bathroom door. The bathroom was so tiny that only a very slim person could get in or sit on the toilet seat which seemed to fit only for a dwarf. The tiny shower only gave drops of water and on some days no water at all. In one week we could not wash our hair (and choosing alternatively the washing basin was not possible because it was too small to put your head in). I even found some insects in the bathroom. The staff was so unfriendly, they did not help you with any problem and for leaving our…",Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or395-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here under any circumstances. Ghastly,"This would have to be one of the worst places I have ever stayed in. Incredibly rude and arrogant staff. The smallest room on earth in the basement.... when lying in bed our heads hit the wall and our feet the wall of the bathroom. No space around the bed., Had to climb over each other. TV in the room was all in Arabic. Staff refused to help carry luggage. The sort of place you would go to 'end it' not 'start it'. Hideous",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or395-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Let down by service and facilities,"I didn't expect much based on the reviews. And it was average at best. A poor reception; this place is not big on service. No hot water in the morning, so went down to reception who 'couldn't promise anything' but managed to provide a clean room with hot water for a shower. Breakfast was only continental (all cold) and was in my opinion below average in it's offering. All in all disappointing, I'll go to a name I know next time for hot water and something hot for breakfast.",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or395-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",What would have been a pleasant experience ruined...,"Up until checking out a very pleasant experience.  It was basic - just as I expected for the money but could have been a lot worse.  All attempts to make it clean, modern and simple greatly appreciated.    Please watch out for the £5 deposit requested for the room card and GET A RECEIPT.  Stupidly I didn't  and was promptly told upon checking out that I had not paid this (it was a different receptionist of course).  I am sure that the young lady who took my £5 can make quite a bit of difference to her salary if she does this to every few customers!",Date of stay: October 2010,3.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or395-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Tired,"This hotel is in a great location for kensington high st.  On arrival the outside looks really welcoming with all the flowers in bloom.  Unfortunately the double room was a let down.  We were only staying one night so the small room was not an issue, however, the blinds were broken, under the tv on the wall it had two unsightly holes and a huge damp patch on another wall was badly covered up which looked horrendous.  The room smelled of a mixtyre of cheesy feet and musty damp.  The walls were thin and we were awoken early by other people rising , showering and banging doors as they left.  Did't sleep well the bed was soft and uncomfortable. Didn't attempt breakfast as we were so disheartened and tierd from a very unrelaxing stay.  Not wotyh the money compared to a premier inn.",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or395-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",BEST HOTEL GREAT LOCATION NICE STAFF,"Overall experience was great, helpfull receptionist, greta rate comparing to all otehr surounding hotel, you can invite yoru friends to the hotel for a chat at reception or lobby, great breakfast, flat screen tv, telephone service Wifi for such small rate and in teh heart of kensingotn we couldnt go wrong",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or400-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location","What can i say. This hotel is all about location. It is located nicely near 2 tube stations and very close to restaurants and other services.  We managed to get a room from the ground floor meaning that we spent our holiday below street line. Stairs leading to ""cellar"" and the to the hallway were dangerously narrow and steep. Room  was too small to include a nighttable when it had two beds.  We actually had to move our mattresses to the floor cause the beds seemed somewhat unstable.   The bathroom was poorly designed and showerbooth was incredibly small for a man of my stature (6'1'') Shower had only two types of water, very cold and very  hot. Every now and then there was a distinc odor of sewer coming straight outside of our window.  And the fact that nearby major cityroad…",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or400-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",A shocker give it a miss,"Staff extremely rude and uninterested, rooms the size of a shoe box, I felt concerned for our fire safety due to the maze of coridoors and steps.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or400-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Away!,"The most horrible experience of my life. This place has supposedly been renovated - the only new thing in the room was a flat TV, which does not compensate for any of the other problems which I am listing below: - We paid half the money before arrival and the rest of the money we were requested to pay straight upon arrival and before even seeing the rooms - Dirty sheets (and I mean dirty!) - Suffocatingly small rooms - Small we can handle - outside our window and because we were at the top floor there was a concrete wall blocing any view except from a small slice of sky!! When asked to change rooms we were told there were no triples left, when a family of three checked in their room 10 minutes later and while we were still in the reception. I do not mean to say that I wanted the…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or400-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Good price and location, poor shower...","Price and location were very good. We were on an upper level and it took 15 minutes for the water to run hot in the shower! Standard continental breakfast, nothing fancy. Free wi-fi was excellent, although a shame you could only use it in public areas. Rooms was small but clean and comfortable. Staff were reasonably helpful but nothing special, did not go out of their way to be helpful.",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or400-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Place to Stay,"We arrived into reception, and we saw a big discussion between the receptionist(sheyla??) and the client, and we could verify that the receptionist was being sarcastic and aggressive with the client. When they finished she didn’t look at me to ask for anything she only asked my credit card and my last name(I couldn’t believe it), she also threat us that we would have to check out at 11 on the day after, otherwise…. When I arrived into the room I couldn’t believe it, they had two Rats traps and the smell in the room was terrible, there was dust everywhere in the room; also the light was broken. They gave us another roon but worst. I have booked another Hotel and moved immediately, and I have learned a lesson, the negative reviews on this site are a good help to avoid this place!!!",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or405-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Be careful! Credit card guarantee charged,"This hotel has charged, on the same day of booking, the rooms. The reservation system is so deceiving that it changes the dates and then immediately it charges the credit card. Travel at your own risk.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or405-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",I wouldnt advise anyone to stay in this hotel,"Upon arrival there was no secure baggage area to leave cases. The room was very small,and had plaster hanging off the walls,and no lampshade on the light. Fire extinguishers had not been tested for 2 years,and one was empty. Breakfast was very poor-no sign of any hot food.",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or405-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",A HORRIFIC EXPERIENCE,if you need excercise there are plenty stairs to all bedrooms and narrow corridors for dragging your luggage ! the basement window has a concrete wall outside and only some light bulbs working  telly not working phone not working and mattress gone well by its replacement date just lumpy after using the shower you can exfoliate with the hard worn towels ! and if you need a hairdryer go to reception there might be one available if not just drip dry ! dont have any alcohol too many stairs and fire doors and corridors for you to find your room and if you are offered rooms 2 or 10 for free please do not be tempted you will regret it,Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or405-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",What a terrible hotel,"What a terrible hotel. For the price I was expecting something better. Cockroach on the bathroom, dirty sheets and carpet, smell on the bathroom, TV not working properly, not enough pressure on the shower! To make things even worse, the lady at reception was so impolite: I requested another TV as the one on the bedroom was broken and she said it was fine before I arrived, then she sent me to another bedroom with a dreadful drainage smell... Single bedrooms with a double size bed, not space to move around, poor breakfast. Total disappointment to tourists. If you can really go to a better hotel.",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or405-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great!!,"I can't fault this hotel, it was a really pleasant suprise. The staff were friendly and helpful, there was on-street parking, free wi-fi (bonus) in the lounge/foyer area (which is really nice & relaxed) and the exterior was really well-kept & pretty.   I was booked into a single room but was upgraded to a large family room. The whole place seems to have been recently refurbished - freshly painted with new fittings. There were plenty of fire exit signs & the emergency fire stairwell was right outside my door so no worries about safety. The room was clean & modern & the bathroom looked like it had recently been upgraded. Nice little flat screen TV in the room too along with tea & coffee making facilities. It was nice & quiet (took my earplugs but didn't need them) and I got a good…",Date of stay: April 2010,5.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or410-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant stay.,"I read some of the reviews listed here after having booked my stay so I was expecting the worst. When I got there the room was very clean and I had even been upgraded to a twin room. The staff were very helpful. Though there is no hairdryer in the room there is one available from reception with no deposit charge. There was however a deposit required for the room key, which I was not aware of before arival, but it was not a problem. I would stay here again. The staff were friendly and welcoming and the breakfast was very satisfactory. And there was a lift/ elevator.  I have also added some photos.  The only bad point is that there were road works outside and this did create some noise, but they are due to finish at the end of the month (feb 2010).",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or410-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",STAY HERE AT YOUR PERIL,"What an appalling hotel: by far the worst I have ever stayed in. The lobby may be fairly well decorated but the rooms were designed for battery hens. I stayed here last night (Feb 24) with three last night for one night of what was to be a four day stay while we're in London on business: we checked out this morning.   I can honestly say I have never met with such surliness and rude behaviour from any hotel staff and yes, as other reviewers point out, they insist upon payment in advance, and for good reason. No-one would stay here other than by accident. Beyond the foyer the place is... incredibly basic at best and the rooms are very, VERY small.   I genuinely and earnestly advise any fellow traveller to avoid 1 Lexham Gardens Hotel at all costs or you, and your wallet, could…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or410-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not as good as it seems,We had to pay in check-in; not so clean ; hairdryer by request only; broken materials. The best thing was the breakfast and the location.,Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or410-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, good breakfast, shame about the cockroaches.","You can't really expect too much for £39 per night (single).  Really uncomfortable beds, really noisy rooms (overlooking Cromwell rd), shower had no water pressure and was luke warm.  Nice continental breakfast.  4 of our 5 rooms had an insect problem (what appeared to be small cockroaches).  On the whole not great, certainly not for an extended stay (unless a budding entomologist).",Date of stay: January 2010,2.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or410-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Grand for your money,"We stayed for three nights. We had a very late check in and a very early check out so we only had dealings with the night staff which were very friendly. We were asked to pay on arrvival without the offer to look at the room first, on seeing that it was clean enough we paid. The rooms could do with painting and the matresses replacing but over all the hotel was not that bad. the bathroom was very clean but I think that they could do with changing their laundry people, the towels and bed linen looked clean but just did not feel it. The TV was a nice addition to the room with many channels.   The walls between the rooms were paperthin which lead to us being woken twice. We also recieved a wake up call at 3 in the morning that was meant for the room next door which was especially…",Date of stay: January 2010,3.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or415-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","good location, average hotel.","Just thought give a update of this hotel, stayed here on the 7th nov for the night while seeing the top gear live show. close to the earls court which was really good :) the hotel is nice overall, good reception area with lounge, nicely decorated.  The room that stayed in had 2 double beds down in basement, couple of stairs to go down, room was tidy, clean(bed sheets had few marks on them), the tv was bad, reception not good, kept cutting out and skippin back to sky3 lol bathroom is tiny, everything is so close, sink,toliet and shower(shower was alrite tho) noise coming from chairs or tables moving upstairs at around 630am onwards, walls are thin, can hear peolple next door! Otherwise its a average hotel.",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or415-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",small room and tiny en-suite but friendly and helpful,Location is excellent - 4 minute walk from Earls Court tube station. Receptionists were friendly and helpful - got us to our room at 11am and looked after our suitcase after checkout while we went to the city. Twin room was small but was reasonably clean and had the basics. However ensuite was very small,Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or415-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel ever in 10 years of business travel,"first room:  smallest double room ever one person had to lie on bed if other person wanted to move around / no table,chair or even bedside table/bed linen dirty / towels dirty / black hairs in the bed, sink and on the tea tray / tea tray filthy and dusty - probably not used for ages / bathroom stank of mould and air freshener/ tv did not work properly/ lightbulbs in room did not work/ rat poison in unclosable cupboard/ gave up and complained and were relocated to a 'family' room...  family room:  better size and at rear of hotel so relatively quiet/ bed linen and towels even dirtier than first room/ no hot water in shower or sink/no batteries in tv remote and tv did not work properly/very dangerous 13 amp socket hanging out of wall BEHIND the bed which will cause a fire very…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or415-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, average hotel","The service was pretty average - when we had a problem with the blinds being broken, I had to ask if we could move to another room instead of being offered. The only other room available was on the below ground level, which was dark, smelly (dank) and unsecure (someone could just walk off the street and access the room through the window), so we just had to deal with the sunlight streaming through the window in the morning.  The room was pretty tiny, but clean; once we had 2 suitcases on the floor, there was no room to move. The bathroom was poky too, had to walk sideways to get into the shower!  Location is excellent, a short walk to Earl's Court tube, restaurants and museums. Breakfast was okay - the coffee is terrible, you're better off grabing one whilst you're out.  Loved…",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or415-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Impersonal, a bit depressing, but not the worst place ever I suppose","I paid £52 for a single room, which in this part of London is about as cheap as you can get unless you book 6 months in advance. The hotel is staffed by ladies who look extremely bored and are not-overly friendly but they are not overtly hostile either. They are OK. Most of the money has been spendt on the lobby and lounge area. The corridors are a bit stuffy/smelly, and the lift had graffitti in it.   My room was roughly 9 feet by six feet, and the windows faced a brick wall. Pigeons gathered outside my window and crapped on the open pane, I was worried they would get in.   Bathroom was clean and smart but the shower head's bracket was loose and I had to hold the shower head to stop it flopping over. There was no tea and coffee facilities in room and there was no lampshade on…",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or420-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not all bad,"I have stayed in this hotel 3 times now, first under its previous owners when it really was a dump, then last year when it was taken over and again this year.  The rooms are small but clean; there were scratch marks on the walls from previous guests cases and a few things that you don't like to see, but for the price I wouldn't be expecting perfection.  Receptionist on the day I checked in was a bit snobby and impolite but other than her all staff friendly.  Breakfast was alot better this year, fresh fruit, cereal, bread for toasting, cheese and pastries all well laid out, only problem is still that if you hit the breakfast room at a bust time you will have to wait on a table, but again other guests are the big problem, long finished their breakfast there were a few who sat on…",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or420-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",dreadful,"I stayed here, thankfully just for one night, as it was cheap (ish, at £55) and a convenient location and I had a business meeting the following day.  The main problem was the dreadful smell from the bathroom - like rotting cabbage.  I'd arrived late, was very tired and so didn't ask for a change of room (couldn't be bothered to wait for the very slow lift, just needed to get to bed) but it was a mistake not to have asked.  I had to keep my head under the pillow to try to avoid the smell, but all the next day I could still smell it - stuck to my clothes and my hair - yuk!  During the night I was kept awake by the next door room's tv (why are people so inconsiderate?)  I couldn't find reception on the phone so knocked (quite gently!) on the partition wall - it was about half past…",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or420-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Below average hotel - more like a 2* ""B&B""","We stayed at this hotel because it was one of the cheapest we could find near Earl's Court. For a compulsory trip to this area it served its purpose. But we would not stay there again. The main problems were: Trickle of a shower that was cold on both days we stayed there. We managed to get luke warm water once after 5 minutes of running the shower. Tiny bathroom - I mean you couldn't close the door without feeling like you were trapped in a dark broom cupboard. The furnishings were broken - ripped lampshades, tea-stained bedding. The breakfast was like a B&B buffet - and you had to make your own tea and coffee from pots of instant stuff. So lots of different people's hands on the bread and tea bags and fruit made for not the most hygenic of breakfasts.  All in all, it is more…",Date of stay: May 2009,2.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or420-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",DONT STAY HERE,"This hotel is small but you feel safe in your room. We asked for an extra blanket and were told that you can only have one blanket per bed. We did manage to grovel enough to get one but the next moring they took it back.  When asked for an extra door key we were told that they were limited on the number of door keys they had to give out. The room was very small we stayed in a room with 2 almost twin beds. The bed I had was so uneven you had to hug the wall all night to try and stay level. They did have a very small closet that you could hang a few pieces of clothing. The bathroom was so very small the shower was all glass, you feel like you might be on camara with the see through shower. There are no towel bars to hang your wet towles on so you have to drape them all over the…",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or420-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","1 lexham gardens hotel (london, earls court) by blr","The location is super. (The tube is just 5 min away) Also the aera is very nice and has good some restaurants nearby.  The rooms are clean, but tiny, really tiny. The bathroom/shower is clean, but not useable,coz it is sooooooo small. I am a small person and even I didnt fit into that shower. That says something. I had to shower with half of my body outside the shower. I dont know if all showers are that small, or if that was the one just in my room.  Yah the wall are very thin. So u have to talk very low-voiced.  The breakfast is fine.  The hotel is good budget saver, especially for tht location. It is hard to find such a hotel so close to the city centre for this price. If time isnt a big issue for u, then I would recommend one ibis hotel, which is not so close to the city…",Date of stay: December 2008,4.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or425-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book this hotel!,What was good: The breakfast What was bad: There was a loss in our room discoverd when we were going to leave. The receptionist was totally untroubled but promised us that the General Manager should contact us. I had to write two emails and wait two days before the General Manager answered. He did not take the responsibility that we had expected. Don't book this hotel!,Date of stay: April 2009,2.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or425-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",A smart clean PERFECTLY located hotel at AFFORDABLE Prices,"My daughter and I stayed in this hotel in the february half term holidays.  I had booked the Lexham Gardens hotel online due to the perfect location for museums etc., I then read the reviews and to be honest I was worried that I had made a big mistake!  Decided to see for myself and took a chance, and was very glad I did.  The staff greeted us warmly, were very helpful, and yes they smiled too.  They were all really nice to my 12 year old daughter, which you dont get in all hotels, (we were all young once)!  The room, though not a football pitch in size, was clean, (as was the en suite shower room), tidy, tastefully decorated and very warm, we did have to open the window, which is not common in February, but better that than freezing cold.  Breakfast was fantastic, with so much…",Date of stay: February 2009,5.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or425-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Other than location... expect nothing!,"Upon arrival, i asked for a room with a double bed due to my height. The receptionist was friendly and arranged for a room.After viewing the hotels photo's on line, i was expecting a clean and simple, well appointed room.  The room was tiny at best, the carpets were stained, the night frill running around the base of the bed was filthy, the pillows on the bed were lumpy overused hollow fibre, and the adjustable shower (which was my major concern), was broken, so the only way i could use it, was in a fixed position three feet from the ground. I laid a complaint at reception regarding the shower, i was clearly ignored, so i complained again on my 2nd day, still nothing, on the 3rd day they said they would send someone to fix it, when it still was'nt fixed i questioned why, and the…",Date of stay: March 2009,2.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or425-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good value - Clean and Convenient,"I stayed two nights here and considered it good value for money.  I'd certainly stay there again.  I've stayed in several budget/tourist hotels in London over the years, and this was definitely one of the better ones.  My (single) room was spotlessly clean, with a flat screen TV and new bathroom.  It was on the small side but this is to be expected in London budget hotels.  One of it's little quirks was that I had to run the shower for a couple of minutes to get hot water in the morning.  The odd thing was that the hot water in the sink came on straight away!  My room was at the back on the third floor so noise from outside wasn't a problem, although I noticed that the walls were pretty thin - I could hear the people next door if they raised their voices.  The Breakfast area was…",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or425-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Poor excuse for a hotel,"Booked through lastminute.com as it was a reasonable rate and close to Earl'ls court. Thankfully I'd only booked the one night here's a list of what was wrong -   - the room was tiny! I mean reaaally tiny, you couldn't even walk around the bed - my feet touched the wall when lying flat on the bed (i'm 6'2"") - the mattress had a crater in it (springs we're obviously knackered) - the lampshades next to the bed were torn - the bathroom was as big as my wardrobe at home - the bathroom had the previous occupants rubbish in the bin - it was incredibly noisy, admittedly its London but nothing some decent windows wouldn't fix! - the blind fitted to the window was broken  basically the worst 3* hotel I've stayed in",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or430-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not really what we expected,"We stayed at the Lexham Gardens on a family weekend with our two kids (7 and 9 years old). We chose the hotel because of the location, the low prices, the photos on the web site, and because they have family rooms.   The four bed room was spacious enough for us, with a large closet and drawers for our clothes. The bathroom was also relatively big.  It seemed clean at first glance, and we got new towels every day - which was necessary, since one of the negative things with our room was the lack of a towel rack or anywhere to hang the towels. It seemed as they forgot to do the finishing touch when they refurbished the place. The blinds in the bathroom window was both broken and dusty.  The last day we pulled out one of the beds, to look for something the kids lost, and discovered…",Date of stay: January 2009,3.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or430-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Not bad, Not bad","Well located hotel, very small room (as shown in the hotel photos) however it had everything required apart from the tea and coffee making facilities. Our only bug bear was the scorching hot radiator situated at the base of the bed very close to our feet which we could not turn off!! Subsequently we had to leave the window open for the entire night, meaning that we had a bit of a sleepless night due to the high level of traffic noise. Apart from this, we had a thoroughly enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or430-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","small but clean, good location","I spent only one night at the Lexham Gardens hotel. As other reviewers have pointed out, it does feel a bit cramped, even though after reading other reviews I am fairly certain that room configurations vary quite a bit. My single room, while by no means large, was fairly comfortable, and the bathroom had a decent size.   Again echoing what other reviewers have said, the big plus is the price and location, and the fact that the rooms are spotless. Indeed the staff was not particularly friendly but that didn't bother me much.   One significant (for me) drawback was that wi-fi only works in the lounge next to the reception desk, which was disappointing.",Date of stay: December 2008,3.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or430-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Not for claustrophobics,"Clean, tidy and in a great location but as others have said, this hotel has issues with space!   I had a single room on the 4th floor and after riding in the smallest lift known to man I came out in a maze of narrow corridors.  The room was fine for me for one night but any longer and I would have found it very frustrating. There was a single bed, bedside table with kettle and a small wardrobe, oh and a flatscreen tv on the wall (which was the only way they could fit a tv in the space).  The bed took up most of the room and there was nowhere to put my case except the middle of the floor!  The bathroom was so small the toilet was crammed diagonally between the sink and the shower stall and anyone with a weight problem would have had trouble fitting in, seriously!  There was also…",Date of stay: November 2008,3.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or430-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",This is not a three stars hotel!,"I stayed there for 3 nights. I reserved a double room and was given a twin bed room, with separate beds. When I complained and asked for a double to the receptionist i was replayed there was no place in the hotel from an unfriendly receptionist who did not spend one more word to try to solve my problem. Same behaviour for any kind of request i may have had. If you go there, just don't ask any information to the reception girls, cause they will not help you or simply will give you the wrong information! The room is simply too small. The window curtain was falling vertically directly on one bed and almost over my boyfriend's face while sleeping. The toilette is as small as a shower. I've never seen such a small sink in all my life. You hardly manage washing your teeth there. Both…",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or435-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Sssshh - really good value!!!,"Previously known as the Shellbourne, I was impressed. I booked a single but got one of the (recently refurbished) doubles. Both it and the compact en suite were very clean and made up every day (not sure if I was lucky or the previous reviewer unlucky with their bedding - mine was spotless in every sense of the word). You get a wardrobe and a small table with tea/coffee facilities, but in the room I had there wasn't enough room for a bedside table, so if there'd been two of us, the one nearest the wall would have been climbing over the other to get out! But hey, that's London for you! I also personally found the noise from the traffic a little intrusive at night, but then I'm used to living in the countryside... My only real gripe was that when I booked (via travelstay.com), the…",Date of stay: October 2008,5.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or435-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,"Very good hotel, especially for the price. Room very small but we didn't spend much time there. Very clean and bed comfortable. Bathroom small but very clean, hot water took awhile to work. Great location short walk to Earls Court tube station. Breakfast good, toast, juice, pastries, fruit tea and coffee in a cute quaint breakfast room.",Date of stay: August 2008,5.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or435-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Loved the Shellbourne Hotel,"We were eight persons, 4 adults and 4 children, and we stayed at Shellbourne between de 14 of August until the 15th. We were quite pleased with the size of the rooms, who were very good with a lot of space. The hotel had been recently re-furnished with ikea furniture, the rooms and bathroom were very clean, we had cofee and tea in the room, every day at our disposal, they were very nice and professional in keeping our luggage on our last day, after our check-out, until the time we went to pick it up. 2 things they could improve: put some towel hangers in the bathroom and shower gel would be nice. The staff of the hotel, especcially the one that serves breakfast could be more friendly. Overwall it was a very nice stay.",Date of stay: August 2008,4.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or435-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel at the center,"We stayed in a triple room, our first room was in the basement where there were 3 separate beds. The room was smelly, it had a very small bathroom, and there were spots on the sheets. After we complained about our room, they changed the room, we stayed on  the fourth floor. As it was at the top, it was a bit cold, first night we couldn't get hot water for shower but then we understood how to manage it. You need to wait for a while and after that start taking shower with hot water. The new room was not very clean either, we still had some spots on the sheets, but we didn't mind this time. The bathroom was OK. Although the size of the room was reasonable, there was a problem about the design, you never know where to put your things. The furniture was new. The breakfast was very…",Date of stay: September 2008,3.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or435-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",not for swinging cats,This is the smallest hotel room we ever stayed in.  Not for swinging cats in.  Also stuffy and very noisy given the street traffic outside.  Not really worth a night's stay.  Try somewhere else.  Greed has led to the provision by subdivision of rooms that simply do not function as hotel rooms.  Avoid like the plaque.,Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or440-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"We used husband's last 15 years of air miles to purchase a holiday for 3 nights for 5 of us. Having read the comment about the fire risks, I was terrified when the fire alarm went off at 4am, but I was pleasantly surprised when the evacuation went well, with fire escape(at least from the 4th floor) functional. Fortunately, false alarm.. The hotel is very well situated, meticulously clean, and the staff were pleasant. However this is a basic hotel. Our rooms were small though not unpleasant.Tea and cofee facilities, bathroom v.small, low pressure shower (""like an eye dropper"" according to Australian guest - admittedly grumpy at being woken at 4am by false fire alarm). Don't miss the ""10 Golden Rules"" on the door- Stalinist rather than PC corporate! Breakfast feels pressured due…",Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or440-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Pay for what you get,"Stayed one night in May 2008 at the Shelbourne. Charged £47, you have to pay in cash before you get to your room. They dont accept credit/debit cards which is a bit strange. I had a single room, small, but did the job for one night as I wasnt going to be spending alot of time in it. Clean room and bathroom which always goes along way in my book, clean sheets as well. bathroom was very small I just about got into the shower, but i survived. The hotel has an old lift which I felt was going to break down at any moment but it was fine. Didnt have breakfast so cant comment on that.   At the end of the day its a hotel in an ok part of London, 5 mins walk from earls court, so if you pay £47like I did then its a good deal. Would stay again if doing budget.",Date of stay: May 2008,4.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or440-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Scary Place-No fire escapes.,"My wife and I booked this place over the net as a basic type hotel to stay in last December when we visited London from Ireland for Christmas shopping.Cash had to be paid in full upon arrival without seeing our room.Foolishly we stumped up.Then we saw our room!! It was tiny and very basic,but we were content enough with it as we were not planning to hang around only to sleep there.It was in  the basement which again was ok but when we investigated the fire exits we found they were welded and did not open.The only exit was back up a tiny wooden stairway.The place is a complete fire hazard and is a tragedy waiting to happen.Chinese guy on reception said there won't be a fire because we don't have a kitchen!!!Had to argue and threaten them with health and safety before we got our…",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or440-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",great value,"With a limited budget, I was looking for a hotel for an overnight stay convenient to Central London for a group of four schoolboys and accompanying teacher and spouse.  The hotel seems to be in the process of changing its name.  I paid £203 for B&B for six people.  The location was great - less than five minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station in a pleasant street.  There was some noise at night from the adjacent main road at one side of the hotel, but no more than you would expect from the location and certainly not enough to keep you awake at night.  The boys shared a room with 4 single beds, and having read other reviews, I was concerned that it would be very cramped, but was in fact impressed by how spacious it was -  they had arguable more space than my husband and I. …",Date of stay: April 2008,4.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or440-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty good and value for money,"The photo's for this hotel on this site are outdated and doesn't do this hotel/Bed and breakfast any favours. The Shellbourne has recently been refurbished, so its really nice and clean when you stay there now. For recent photo's of this hotel check out - http://www.travelstay.com/pages/ShellbourneHotel.htm.  I have read some reviews stating the rooms are small, but i have seen one room and stayed in another for one night and can honestly say they are spacious enough. There were three of us staying in one room with four single beds(cosy enough) and none of them were joined to save space and still we had enough room. The bathroom too, newly decorated and clean. Coffee and tea facilities in your room and a plasma tv.   Breakfast is nothing special but it's  there if you want a…",Date of stay: April 2008,4.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or445-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel!,"I was terrified about this hotel, but eventually it was fine! The rooms was kinda small, but they was nice decorated, cozy, confortable and clean! Cleaner was coming everyday when we was out, new sheets and towels everyday. The rooms had kettles, mugs and coffee/tea. The breakfast was OK. Someone said that croissants were ""rocks"", but there was a microwave to warm them up (its an 3h open buffet honey..). there was coffee/tea, tosts, croissants, cereals, milk and butter/honey. Room had flat widescreen digital tv, a closet and 2 bed tables. Large windows and good lighting. There's a lift too!! It was pretty quiet at night and the area is pretty safe.. The tube station is 4mins away, there's a Sainsburry's 1min away, high street kensington is 8 blocks away (+gardens) and there's…",Date of stay: December 2007,5.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or445-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",one of the better places i stayed in,"i booked 3 hotels during my stay in london (its a long story that i wont explain here!).  they were all similar in 'class' (about 3 star).  the shellbourne was definitely better than what i expected considering what i paid.  it was easily the best out of all the 3 i stayed in.  i got a single room with private bathroom.  both were spacious enough for occupant and luggage.  breakfast was very average (stay away from the rocks they call croissants!).  its a converted mansion house with a lift (surprisingly uncommon or often out of service in other places!) and nice clean rooms.  the bathroom was modern.  housekeeping never came too early but it was always done by the time i got back.  about 5min walk from earls court tube station, assuming you find the shorter route.  recommended…",Date of stay: October 2007,4.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or445-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but.........,"We booked a double room and we know that rooms in UK are small, but this was ridiculous! We got two single beds that were pushed together crosswise. Linen was good and clean. There was no room for both bedside tables to sit  next to the bed. One bore the TV until, after 3 days, the TV was mounted on a wall bracket. Presumably an outside contractor had been let into the room in our absence and we were not warned in advance, posing security problems with our luggage.  Yes the hotel is being remodelled, but detrimentally we suspect. Our brand new en-suite bathroom ( no bath, but shower, toilet and handbasin) had no toilet roll holder and no towel rails. One door of the new vanity cabinet would only open half way due to bad placement. We believe our room and at least one adjacent…",Date of stay: September 2007,2.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or445-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",pleasantly suprised,"After reading the reviews I was resigned to a terrible stay BUT was pleasantly suprised. The hotel has obviously just been renovated and was fresh and clean looking. The lobby was very classy and the rooms very tidy.  Beds comfy, lovely fresh linen and plenty of space.  The bathroom smelt awful and the window didnt do up, but those were minor compared to what we were expecting!  For a budget hotel it was great. Great location, friendly staff and even breakfast provided.  Will stay again. ",None,4.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or445-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","Great Price, Great Area","We stayed at the Shellbourne for 10 days in May of this year and thought it was an excellent bargain hotel.  The room we had was large, clean and quiet, with a private bath.  The staff were unfailingly polite and professional and, although the hotel is being remodeled (don't plan to sleep in after 8 a.m.) and our room was a little worn around the edges, this is a terrific deal for London: our room cost 35 pounds a night in South Kensington!  Lovely building on a quiet street and just two short blocks to the Earl's Court Tube station.  Lots of reasonable restaurants and pubs close by and even a huge Sainsbury's Supermarket a block away.  We were, quite frankly, very apprehensive about the Shellbourne after reading some of the older reviews, but our concerns proved groundless. …",Date of stay: May 2007,3.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or450-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",they could try harder,"This seems to be the cheapest hotel in London at all. I booked by phone and was promised a basic room without anything for 30 pounds for 2 people....wow! When we arrived, the room was not available, cause the lady that took our order messed up. We got a better room for 90 pounds for the first night and then a room for 50 pounds for the next two. We were constantly reminded that the poor girl would have to pay the difference. Unfortunately our budget did not allow us to compensate. They were fair enough not to charge more than the promised amount.  They are working on the hotel....looks very optimistic, breakfast was more than I expected...microwave available.....kettle available....near the tube. You can shop at Sainsburys and then heat your food in the microwave. The room for…",Date of stay: January 2007,2.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or450-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",it's o.k,"My boyfriend and I read the reviews on this website after we had already booked (a bit foolish) So when we arrived at the hotel we were expecting the worse. We stayed In November 2006! The first thing we noticed was that there was some work being done on the hotel (this could be a good thing for the future) but it didnt disturb us for our stay, The lady that greeted us on reception was very friendly and helpful, but when we went up to our room we found what we had expected to find- chipped out plaster in the door, missing lamps, bad wallpapering and a horrendous wardrobe. However, the cleanliness of the room was fine, and we were only needing a place to sleep, as we had planned to see London, and go out in the evening anyway! I would say that if you are on a budget, and your…",Date of stay: January 2007,2.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or450-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever stayed in,"We booked this hotel for a party of 18 going on a hen weekend, and because of the fantastic price didn`t have great expectations.  We expected something clean but basic.  We didn`t even get that!  The hotel was a complete health and safety nightmare due to its building works!  There was plaster coming off the walls, electric tools were left on the stair ways and the amount of dust was unbelievable!!  Even if that hadn`t been going on the rooms were awful!  They were dirty, full of graffit and too hot.  Our room didn`t even have hot water or a shower curtain, and the toilet roll holder was made out of a bit of string!  On one of the mornings I attempted to have a shower to find there was a massive beattle on the floor!  The best thing about the hotel was that it made you want to…",Date of stay: October 2006,1.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or450-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London","All right, you get what you pay for!","I stayed at the Sellbourne Hotel last Oktober. It may doesn't look that nice from the outside, but what do you expect for paying 60 Pounds for a whole week? The staff is okay, they could be a bit more initative but that's all right. Especially the night staff is amazing. People there are friendly and help. We weren't allowed to see our rooms before paying and the elevator was broken the first day, but fixed in the night. For people that are used to high standards it may seem a bit shabby, because some spots miss a wallpaper, but there were works in the lower level, to improve the rooms. we even got a bigger room than we booked, because the hotel was full. we were in the very upper level in a nice maison. the room was a bit small and there were couple of hairs in the bed. one of…",Date of stay: October 2006,3.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or450-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Scaring experience,"I'm used to sleep everywhere, I usually do couchsurfing but I decided to go to London with my boyfriend and we wanted more intimancy. So, the hotel was the worst place to have it. The room was dirty, full of dust on the furnitures and hair on the sheets. The shower was with cold water and the walls were VERY thin. You pay for what you get, but you should have a minimum standard in cleaness!!! ",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or455-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",What a horrendous place!,"The worst hotel I've ever stayed in my whole life! Tiny, ugly room with several holes in the doors and windows! Very uncomfortable bed, terrible shower with fluctuating temperature (either freezing or burning hot), awful breakfast (cold scrambled eggs and miserable toasts). Stay away from this hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2004,1.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or455-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,"I arrived home today after staying for a week in the Shellbourne. For what we were paying, we didn't have high expectations. They want the whole fee paid upfront in cash before you even get to see your room, not being able to check it out, or pay with cheque/card is inconvenient. The room itself wasn't too bad, decorations had seen better days, but that didn't bother us too much. The beds were comfortable, although the option to have 2 pillows would've been an improvement. The TV didn't work very well, BBC1 and BBC2 were watchable, ITV was barely recognisable, C4 was a no go area, and oddly, Channel 5 was perfect.  However, the private bathroom was a bit of a let down. Firstly, there was no shower curtain, or anything to separate the shower from the rest of the bathroom, so if…",Date of stay: June 2006,2.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or455-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely horrendous,"I am compelled to write this review to advise you all not to even think about booking here.  The television was broken and wouldn't turn on at all, and the wallpaper looked as though it had been drawn on. There wasn't enough room in there to swing a mouse, let alone a cat.  The bedsprings stuck out through the mattress which meant that I had to curl up in a foetal position to try to avoid them, making my limbs stiff and sore in the morning.  To top it off, some clever person opened the window in my room. Could I get the damn thing shut again? I think not. I had to try to sleep in what felt like sub-zero temperatures.  The only good thing I can say is that at least it had a lift and I didn't have to haul my suitcase up the stairs.  I can't stress enough how foul this hotel was.…",Date of stay: April 2006,1.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or455-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"The room was very basic as described but it was nowhere near as bad as the walls of the halls leading to them.  there was wallpaper peeling off the walls and damp showing through.  the shower room stunk and when i took a shower the rail fell on my head where it was not connected to the wall.  water poured out of the pipe where it was held together by electrical or some other tape.  The base of the bed had no legs and had dirty marks all over it but the linen and towels were clean.   there was live electrical wires in the bedroom with no covers and you could hear everything in the rooms next door clearly, even if they were talking in a normal voice.  The Continental breakfast comprised of white and brown bread with jam and 2 toasters on one side of the table and a jar of…",Date of stay: April 2006,1.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or455-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",In defence of the Shellbourne,"When I got to this hotel, I must admit a was a bit scared of what I could find, after reading so many bad reviews in this site. But let me tell you: I've seen worse.  True, the hotel is not the Ritz: the room was shabby, couple of lightbulbs gone off (though I admit we didn't ask they'd changed them), the wardrobe was far too basic and they don't take credit cards. But considering it was the cheapest thing we could find in London with private bathroom in the room (which many more-expensive budget hotels did not offer), it was clean, there was plenty of hot water anytime of the day, good heating, and while breakfast was not too varied (coffee/tea/milk, toast/butter/jam/cereals/cheese), it was buffeted so you could eat as much as you wanted. The staff was friendly and they also…",Date of stay: April 2006,3.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or460-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Affordable for Budget Travelers,"The best things about this hotel was the location, the price and the staff. It's in an excellant part of London. Short walk to Earls Ct. Tube station, a large Sainsbury's 1 block away, close to museums, Kennsinton, Hyde Park. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Toast, cereal, coffee, tea, juice for breakfast. The hotel is older and needs some real  updating (3 or 4 different wallpapers in our room) and some repairs (light fixtures loose on the wall), the beds were lumpy and the pillows flat, walls were thin. We were downstairs in our ""cubby under the stairs"". It wasn't the Taj Mahal, but it was cleaned everyday, it was safe and it fit our budget. ",Date of stay: February 2006,2.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or460-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Horribilis !,"We had a one night stay with my family (2 children) in the ""family room"" on november 2005, glad it was only for a short while...  The lamps inside the room were falling or broken, the bad smell from the bathroom was invading the whole room, the noises from the other room and from the corridor was disturbing until late at night. The credit card machine was not available (so I had to look for a bank outside) and the breakfast was close from poverty...  Not a good souvenir at all for a french traveller... ",Date of stay: November 2005,1.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or460-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",A dump!,"When I arrived at the hotel, the 'S' on the neon sign above the hotel door had fallen off... That just about summed it up for me really, and my boyfriend and I still call it the Hellbourne now!  I've stayed in a lot of budget hotels and hostels all over Europe, and I'm really not a fussy traveller. I don't ask for much at all, and since this hotel is incredibly cheap, my expectations were so low that I didn't think I could be disappointed. Well I was! It really is a dump! Everything was broken and dirty, from the bed to the TV to the lampshades to the sink to the mirror. The rooms looked like they were falling to pieces, with holes in the walls and carpets. The walls were paper-thin and I was kept awake until the early hours by someone else's TV (ours didn't even work!) The…",Date of stay: July 2005,1.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or460-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Value.... It is a budget hotel with a great staff,"The Shellbourne Hotel is not a bad place to stay at all.  The rooms could use some upgrades however what you get for the price is unbeatable. The housekeepers are there every morning to straighten up with fresh linens.  The staff is great and they are doing renovations to make it really nice.  The rooms themselves do lack the brand name appearance however they are most certainly livable. The convenience to Earls Court Station and grocery stores is the best.  The best advice I can give for those who are skeptical is to have one night there and then decide for yourself, and also have a reservation at a different hotel that may be more nice as a back up.  Just remember you get what you pay for and I feel that The Shellbourne will give you just that and a little more.  Also a quick…",Date of stay: August 2005,4.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or460-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,It was very excellent hotel situated in London.It is good hotel those who are looking for his budget. ,Date of stay: October 2004,5.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or465-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value!,"The Shellbourne is a good value.  Yes there are some problems and the rooms are not spotless.  Yet the hotel is generally clean and very, very  affordable.  The location is absolutely excellent -- very near Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park and the museum district.  Convenient to the Tube.  The staff is very courteous and helpful.  I look forward to staying at the Shellbourne every time I travel to London on pleasure. ",Date of stay: March 2005,2.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or465-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",An awful place to stay,"During the last ten years I have stayed in various places all over England, both private homes as well as hotels. Without doubt Shellborune is the most terribel and awful place I have ever experienced. The room was dirty, I had to order the staff to clean the bathroom and there were holes in the wall (to the next room) that were mended with toilet paper. Even though £ 30 a night is cheap, one should expect a minimum level of cleanliness. My recommendation is to avoid this hotel and go for a private accommodation. There are plenty agencies in London that provide accommodation in private households. ",None,1.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or465-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty Bad,"I gave this an okay, but it is pretty close to terrible.  As you approach the entrance, you are greeted with a red carpet and beautiful lanterns.  As you enter, the interior paints a whole different picture.  Unlike some of the other comments, we found our room clean (but bought disinfectant wipes and wiped down everything we could anyway, but found no dirt).  It just felt dirty!  The sheets were clean, but the shower was moldy and so was the shower curtain.  (How much would it cost to buy a shower curtain?  You can get one at the dollar store!)  The sink was cracked.  There were holes at the entrance and exit to the pipes in the bathroom and my mother and I right away plugged them with bunches of toilet paper to prevent any little critters entering in the middle of the night! …",Date of stay: September 2004,2.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or465-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Stay far away from this hotel!,"We were a group of seven people that arrived to the hotel and thought: ""this looks good"" when we saw the outside. As we went inside a smell of curry and other fumes hit us. The elevator was so small that hardly one person made it in with a suitcase. But that was still fine! When we opened the doors to our rooms we were about to get a chock! In one room the window didn't stay shut and the phone had the cords cut off. In the other rooms we discovered holes in a window, doors etc. Two of the rooms didn't have showers! Wallpaper was missing, the rooms were dirty and the wastebin had a dirty, used plastic bag in it. We stayed in that hotel for an hour, just as long as we found a new hotel! A few of us in the group has travelled quite a bit but none of us had seen a hotel like this!…",None,1.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or465-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Was the name the Hellborn Hotel?,"I stayed at the Shelbourne 2 nights in August 2004. I made the reservation over the internet from Ryanair's site. I payed in advance, which was much more expensive (£55) than to pay cash (£30). When I arrived, the old lady in the reception told me that no such reservation had been made. She was arrogant and obviously not interested in having me as a guest, consequently watching the TV more than she looked at me during our conversation. After several phone calls to different hotel booking firms she found my reservation and gave me a key. Up in my room, there were no light bulbs in the lamps, neither on the bedside table nor the desk. The toilet did not flush when i turned the handle. There was a laundry tag stuck to the bathroom floor, making me wonder if they ever clean the…",None,1.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or470-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL !!!!!!,"Stay away from this hotel !!! We stayed one night in August 2004 with my wife and 2 children. The room was dirty (ie coffee stains, smelly, chewing gum stuck on the ceiling, cigarette burns on curtains, etc ), the curtains were hanging off the curtain tracks, nails sticking out of the wardrobe, I could carry on for hours ! As for the breakfast, don't bother ! I think it's scandalous that this 'hotel' should be given a 2 star rating, I know it is cheap, but for the price you are entitled to expect a basic facility which should be clean and friendly. KEEP AWAY FROM IT !!! ",None,1.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or470-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",A good alternative for a budget traveler,"I have visited Shellbourne Hotel regulary since 2000 and have always got at room with clean sheets and towels. Cheap hotels in London are hard to come by. Shellbourne charges £30-35 per night for a single room with private toilet and shower, breakfast included. Friendly staff.",None,3.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or470-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",a terriblew hotel,"I completely agree with the negative review below. We stayed at the Shellbourne about two years ago and found that it was a horrific place.  We only had breakfast at the hotel after the first night, since we had an unpleasant feeling that the hygieninc standards in the kitchen were probably very low.  This feeling was motivated by the fact that we found a dead cockroach in our bathroom. We reported this unpleasant finding to the staff and asked to have the bathroom very thoroughly cleaned. Interestingly, the cockroach had been moved when we returned that evening - but not removed.  We tried to find another hotel, but every other hotel nearby was completely full.  So it is extremely cheap - that is the only positive thing, I have to say. Not cheap enough, though!",Date of stay: October 2000,1.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or470-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely AWFUL,"We were first put to very dirty room with no sheets on bed. The next room was very dirty too. Leaky plumbing, bare wires sticking out, vintage b&w TV, smelly, wallpaper missing off wall-need I go on. Even though we felt itchy after our night there we would not have gone in the shower. 'Breakfst' was a basket of cold hard boiled eggs- we declined. Interesting to note that as soon as you enter the reception you must pay for your room. -no refunds given. If there is a worse hotel in the world, let alone London I would be amazed.",None,1.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or470-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"I stayed two nights at the Shellbourne. I think the hotel is good value for money. I paid 30 pounds per night for a single room with ensuite facilities and the price also included continental breakfast which I thought was nice.You can buy your own food and drinks and use the fridge in the common room as well as helping yourself with tea and coffee there anytime.The location is excellent, the hotel is very close to two tube stations (Gloucester Road and Earl's Court) and to the lively area of Earl's court. At the same time, the road where it is situated is very quiet, a nice break from London's hustle and bustle.My room was clean and so was the bathroom.It might not be the most modern or fancy hotel ever, but I liked it and would certainly recommend it to those who search for a…",None,3.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d280557-Reviews-or475-1_Lexham_Gardens-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"1 Lexham Gardens Hotel Reviews, London",BEWARE OF THE SHELLBOURNE,"After a long and tired search for accomodation, I came upon the Shellbourne hotel in Kensington, London which was advertising single rooms for thirty pounds - what a cheap price for what appeared to be a nice looking hotel. I went in - discovered the rooms were actually thirty-five pounds, still very reasonable I thought so I paid and took the key. I found the lift - which was very tiny and as I am claustrohobic that was an immediate concern, I fought my fear and went up, I iniatially picked the wrong room and was seriously concerned on how easy it was for me to use my key to enter it. I then found mine which was very tiny and the wall had obviously been kicked in. For a moment I contempted the affordability of the place versus how very unsafe I felt there - my safety concerns…",None,1.0
