,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good value for money family of 5,"Very good value for money, Edgware Road tube station over the road and local shops for bits and pieces for the room. Would highly recommend for family’s will definitely be staying again for trips to London.",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great relaxing stay,"We have stayed at this hotel now on 3 occasions. We had a few issues on our first visit, however, the other 2 visits have been great considering COVID and the renovation work going on in the hotel.  The rooms were really clean and staff very helpful and well trained.  Will definitely stay here again for the price.  Excellent.",Date of stay: February 2021,5.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Disappointed!  Stayed twice within 10 days. Both times I wasn’t impressed with the room or the breakfast. I know they are renovating some of the hotel but the rooms I stayed in aren’t being upgraded. Beds hard and quilts thin Bathroom dated One room , air con didn’t work Other room settings couldn’t be changed. Breakfast was cold ... even though served from under hot lamps.  Just didn’t feel like a 4* Hilton.",Date of stay: April 2021,3.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not as anticipated for a business stay after lockdown,Although the hotel was under going renovation and post lockdown social distancing arrangements were in place. The alternative arrangements relating to not being able to access the normal executive lounge was inadequate and operated on shortened hours.,Date of stay: May 2021,3.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,An excellent stay.,This was our first Hilton hotel stay since lock down. We had a fantastic time. Even though the executive lounge was closed we had a lovely seating area where we had a beautiful bento box and two alcoholic drinks each. William and Lisandra were so helpful and polite we enjoyed talking to them. Zahra at breakfast catered to our every need what a lovely lady. We will definitely be returning in the future.,Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ideal location of London,"We stayed here for few nights  whilst on a weekend away in London. The room was lovely and clean. We were on the 7 floor and had a decent view. The beds were comfy & large. The hotel is situated on Edgware Road which is convenient as it has a tube station right across the road. However it can also get a little uncomfortable walking down passing groups upon groups of men outside every restaurant/take away. However the hotel and staff were exceptional. The staff during breakfast in particular couldn’t have been more helpful. The choice of food during buffet is value for money. There’s a nice bar / pub you can sit and spend time with your friends. If you like Arabic food it’s good location as you walk out you’ll bump with plenty of outlets with reasonable cost, London is always…",Date of stay: June 2020,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Needs some TLC, but still a great option","Stayed there on a business trip in March 2021 as a Diamond member. The hotel has been there for some time and it shows its age in many places and there is the usual and distinct smell of carpets and furniture. Luckily, the east wing is currently undergoing refurbishment works so hopefully there will soon be some improvement. I was welcomed by the receiption staff, but the whole conversation focused on my eligibility to stay in a hotel through the Covid lockdown - this was quickly cleared by my exemption letter so I would highly suggest bringing one if possible. Staff member on the reception has also incorrectly stated that I was upgraded to a king room, but it was the rate I have initially paid for. It was only one night and they were quite friendly otherwise so I didn't want to…",Date of stay: March 2021,3.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staff need customer service training ,I have stayed at this hotel many times  On a recent stay the check in was not very welcoming and this was by a manager  He gave no welcome and no info on the hotel  The carpets in the corridors had a smell  The room was nice with all the usuals you would expect I have given many reviews of this hotel and they never really take much notice and give a scripted reply  Many hotels will now need to show they care to get customers back so I hope the general manager will encourage his staff to try and welcome guests instead of the same old staff with the same bad attitudes   ,Date of stay: March 2021,2.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good value and lovely staff,"I have read a few reviews saying the the hotel is a little dated. However the hotel is being modernized and renovated atm so surely that is natural in the run up to a transition.   I have given 5 stars because the hotel represents excellent value, big rooms in the heart of london and the staff are lovely, management, front desk, and even the house maids. For this price point you won’t find better value especially if you can get a family superior room (has a living area with a sofa bed by the window area of your room) which is easily large enough for a family of two adults with small kids. You can also use the pool everyday provided you book your slots in advance. Will be recommending for families traveling to London with plenty of shops and restaurants on your doorstep. ",Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Christmas kids treat - slight issues ,"We planned this visit as a surprise For our kids. We particularly picked this hotel due to the ability to drive and park on site. Plus the swimming pool. Don’t pay the hotel rate for parking download just park and use that. Much cheaper.   We called in advance to book our swimming places as this was a big factor for the kids, not sure what happened but they hotel lost our booking and were then fully booked. So say it ruined the trip is too dramatic but defiantly was a big upset. They had no remaining slots so no option but to loose the ability to swim.   We had two adjoining rooms as a family of 5. Nice size and yes a bit dated and furniture worn but we weren’t in the room for long. The beds were awful, kept hearing springs ping. The rooms were freezing we couldn’t not get the…",Date of stay: December 2020,3.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Anniversary,We were very kindly upgraded - made our anniversary. The staff were fantastic. Everything was covid safe. We love the Edge Bar- amazing drinks! Will definitely stay here again when we come back to London! Thanks Team!!,Date of stay: November 2020,5.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Halloween Treat for Mum & Dad,"Stayed over the weekend as a treat for my parents . Upon checking-in we had bit of a hard time locating the hotel entrance as the regular main entrance has been shut due to on-going refurbishment.   We booked 2 Twin Bed rooms and was generously upgraded to 2 Queen Beds for both rooms.   The rooms were spacious and presentable.   We had two different views of our room, one room is facing Wembley Stadium side and the other room was facing Hyde Park/Park Lane side.  Due to on-going refurbishment, the Executive Lounge has been relocated at the Monarch Suite on the first floor same as their bar/restaurant.  As an alternative for Executive Lounge, we were offered 2 complimentary alcoholic drinks  per adult plus a bento box that contains some items to nibble plus non-alcoholic drinks…",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed with the whole hotel,"Visited Hilton Metropole London over October half term, I’m actually still here. The only decent thing I’ve found is the reception, everything else is dated and dirty, my children actually said we should have gone to Premier Inn",Date of stay: October 2020,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My Second Home in London,"Best Massive Property in the heart of London, Edge Bar is to die for, breakfast spread is so good, biggest spacious rooms in London in this category. Location next to Oxford street walking distance from Paddington Station, Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace,  and all major attractions. Amazing service, Very Good Staff - I love them! Big ballrooms, separate event center",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location to City,"Edgware station across the road, this is an underrated hotel with top notch service in the lobby and breakfast lounge. Ideal for tubes to central London and great for a family break. The spacious family rooms easily accommodates 4 or more ",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst experience with the  and rudest hotel manager that ever existed,"Hi I would like to express my disappointment in the service I received at the Hilton metropole London. I went to my room after the check-in,after spending45 mn at the desc. When I arrived to my room,I couldn’t open the door with both keys, after trying multiple times luckily there was a room keeper on the floor,I asked her to open the door,she tried my keys again many times,but still did not work ,so she used her pass to open the door. I went downstairs to get another key and go out for some food. Waited again in the queue (I’m 7 months pregnant and have back problems), I told the manager who was there that the key is not working and that I’m not having the greatest start at the hotel,he said can I go and check the keys!!!! I said ok,I couldn’t understand why he did not just…",Date of stay: October 2020,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Always pleasant,"I’ve been coming here for years and even though it’s undergoing refurbishment at the moment it’s still functioning well. There’s a limited breakfast (no salmon, pancakes or omelette station) but it’s hot, and there’s fresh fruit and spacious seating, such a relief not having to eat in our room. The staff are lovely as usual. Hopefully they won’t change the decor of the hotel too much, it was quite nice and not too contemporary. Worth coming to, especially with family.",Date of stay: October 2020,4.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday Celebration,"I booked the stay for my girlfriend's birthday and right from the moment I spoke to Narel from the Reception Team, I had positive vibes that our stay will be good. Not only she took down details of the stay but very kindly upgraded us to one of the Club Room with the lounge access. The room was allocated on11th floor with floor to roof large windows overlooking the Edgware road  and Marble Arch. Diana surprised us by organising balloons and decorating the room which was like icing on the cake. Louisa was very attentive at check-in. We went to the lounge area which was bit busy but were greeted with broad smiles from George and Asrar. Special thanks to Asrar who brought a small cake for my partner as a gesture of celebration of the birthday. I would definitely recommend Hilton…",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Warmest family ever!,"(Note: I am terrible with names and since I don’t want to get any names wrong, I have avoided in specifying them. But if you were to read this you know exactly who I am talking about. )  I don’t know where to begin on how much I miss my stay at the Hilton.  At the start it was a bit rocky and I shed a couple of tears, since I was asked to move out of where I was before. However, the personnel are just so marvellous they naturally make it feel like home.  I remember starting off my morning with the best ice tea in the world,n made by the same lovely guy every single day. I didn’t even have to ask for it! It came straight away when I arrived. The funniest was when he went on holiday and some of the waiters decided to take on the challenge to try to make the ice tea up to the…",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pleasant,"Before I stayed here, I was a bit worried as I didnt know what I would get from various negative reviews, however, my experience here was positive. When we checked in, a Portuguese receptionist, Marcelo, was extremely professional with friendly touch. I thought that the check-in experience was a 5 star hotel standard.  Our room was located in the West Wing on the 10th floor looking out another tall buildings. If you would like a better view, I think the other side facing north would be better, but there is a huge motorway on that side, so depends on personal preferences which is better.  The room is clean, has large water bottles, a friage, a king-bed and a huge window which is a big plus. Very pleasant.  The only issue I had was that we got lost to find a bar and once you get…",Date of stay: October 2020,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,comfortable,we stay there almost every weekend. It is a comfortable hotel with lovely big rooms and great view. My children love staying at this hotel. Breakfast (chargeable) is provided in the morning that has a variety.,Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,How things change in a couple of months,"How things change in a couple of months. This was the worst stay I've had at a hilton property in a long time. The hotel is pretty much closed down whilst it is refurbisshed, in fact it should be closed until the work is completed. The alternative catering arrangements are abysmal. Breakfast was discusting, cold food on plates looked stale as were the breakfast rolls the hot food looked as though it had been prepared the night before and the staff clueless. The alternative to the executive lounge was impossible to work in as it was full screeming kids. The room I was alocated had wall like paper, the family in the ajasant rooms children were obviously having problems sleeping. In addition the banging of doors from other guest rooms half the night made impossible to get a decent…",Date of stay: October 2020,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It done the job!,"Stayed for 1 night just to have a quiet evening with my partner.  Check in was quick, we got a free early check in at 1.30pm and late check out 2pm for no extra charge.   We was situated on the 12th floor, hotel is having works done so it's looking like a building site at the moment.  The room was clean and suited our purpose.  Another room was partying very loud at 3am and people screaming in the hallway, but as a young couple that didnt bother us very much.  Breakfast wasn't worth the money, this has definitely gone down over the years I've visited many Hilton's.   Couldn't use the pool due to COVID restrictions and I didn't pre-cooked a slot, but that didnt bother us too much.  Central location, tube station 1 minute walk away.   We enjoyed our night away, so it served the…",Date of stay: October 2020,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big name...?,"It was a very nice hotel... years ago... I was staying between 22nd of August to 30th of  September 2020. I'm a loyal client to Hilton for over 10 years and I hope something will change...  Today the quality of chain is under any expectations. Quality of service (has nothing to do with Covid-19) is very poor. My lungs are full of dust blowed by the air-condition and it doesn't look good. Some staff members told me that AC wasn't cleaned for at least 2o years (!) Recently the breakfast room was moved to the 1st floor in the West Wing... air-condition there stinks like an old, never cleaned vacuum cleaner.  Cleaners - even they speak only Romanian - are rather good. ",Date of stay: September 2020,2.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel looking like it’s closing down,"If you’re going to be pretending offering services and then don’t , then why am I paying a normal price for the hotel.   Appalled at the laziness of the hotel . That’s fine, plenty of hotels delivering decent customer service , will sweep up from zombie hotels like this . ",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK,"Book for 2 nights for my Son's 12th birthday in September , Was ok but probably wouldn't rush back . Check in was quick and friendly however i had called the hotel twice before my arrival to ask about any restrictions ect regarding covid was informed all restaurants we closed except for the bar  and the breakfast room, I asked if I could have a cake delivered there and put in the room and asked this again at reception and was advised that would be taken care of, it wasn't and we had to go looking for it when we realised on the Saturday that it wasn't in the room , only to be told they weren't allowed to bring it into the room ,now I appreciate this but I was told it was ok on 2 separate occasions I would have planned differently if I had been informed correctly . We were also…",Date of stay: September 2020,3.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not great for a family visit,"After a busy day sight seeing with my wife and kids we returned to the hotel around 2000hrs. About an hour later there was a lot of music and girls shouting! It wore thin quickly having children and being in a family room. I call reception who said there was other complaints and security were on there way. Only the noise persisted until the early hours, which kept my kids awake and ruined our second day in the capital.  I made a complaint the next day and was told I should have requested to move rooms. I was furious with this as moving with the kids late at night would have been more hassle than telling some girls to leave the hotel because they’re intoxicated.  Really not happy with my stay here!",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor hygiene standards,"Booked with friends for a celebration. Could not get into my room on arrival as key card not working. Went out for lunch and returned with a new key card replaced at 4:30pm. Entered through ‘Covid clean tape’ to discover bathroom left with used towels, soap and glassware ie bathroom not touched by housekeeping at all.  Called reception who advised housekeeping finish at 4pm so they can only replace the towels. Was promised dirty items would be removed. Came back from evening meal at midnight to find bathroom still untouched.  Ended up changing rooms after midnight. Poor standards for any hotel but in a Covid pandemic totally unacceptable.",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Thieving cleaners,Stayed here for a week had a pair of my shorts stollen and my girlfiends watch was taken by the cleaners as well. Informed members of staff who pretty much told us that we had lost them ourselves. I have only just realised that there are many other reviews about missing items from other guests. Avoid!,Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Hotel,I am going to have to say that my experience at this hotel was absolutely fantastic. We stayed here for two nights as a family of five and the room that we were given was more than adequate and was a very good size. It had all the necessary amenities that we would have required and were always given more if we needed anything extra.  The breakfast was very good and had plenty of choices but the best thing about this hotel is the location. The tube station is literally across the road from this hotel and from there you can more or less get to anywhere within about 10 to 15 minutes on the tube. It has plenty of cafés and eating places next to the hotel as well as local supermarkets and more or less anything that you need.  I had accidentally left my headphones behind and I…,Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stayed 10+ good location and amenities,"Location is good. Some rooms have been redecorated: make sure you ask for one of those bedrooms. Avoid staying in rooms too close to the top floor bar (which closes quite late, at least in pre covid times) and it can get fairly noisy. Staff are helpful and nice. Breakfast is varied.",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible stay,"Please do not stay at this hotel. We booked this hotel for our daughters 7th birthday. After my partner has made a full recovery from covid-19 we had finally built ourselves up to stay at a nice clean hotel for our daughters birthday. When we arrived at our room there was black curly hairs in the bath. Not just one or two but about 7hairs. A cleaner arrived with a pillow case in her hands, nothing else. She was there for a few seconds and must have  literally swiped them out. No cleaner or disinfectant! I then had to wash the bath myself with the tiny bottles of shampoo and soap that we are given in the room. I told the manager this and he told me to find him that evening or the next day when we was checking out. When we checked out we was told the manager wasn’t there and he…",Date of stay: September 2020,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel in times of COVID,"I travelled to London for an extended weekend and because I had stayed at the Metropole a few times before I booked again for three nights. Checked in early but a room was ready so I didn't have to wait. First of all, there were dispensers of desinfectant at the reception. Staff was very attentive and described in detail which hygienic measures had been taken, the changes to the bar, breakfast etc. What I liked was - Dispensers of desinfectant at reception, bar, breakfast and other places. - Room was sealed and all sensitive parts (TV remote etc.) were labeled as having been sanitized. - All staff wearing face masks. - Alcohol swipes in the room in case I wanted to clean something after use. - Staff was well informed and answered my questions concerning hygiene without…",Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Great location outside the congestion zone  So parked in the hotel  Straight infront of the Edgware tube station  10 minutes walk to Hyde park  Was very busy over bank holiday weekend queued for 40 minutes to check in  Much calmer after that  Friendly staff  Queuing for the lift was troublesome so took the stairs in west wing a total nightmare ended up somewhere in the basement but kind cleaner found us a way out , Do not use the stairs !  Good breakfast  Clean comfortable family rooms  Room cleaning must be booked  Overall a great location to visit London ",Date of stay: August 2020,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average,"Generally an average hotel and price probably reflects that, doesnt really come across as Hilton standard when you think of their brand however.  Room was fairly dark and in need of a refresh. Swimming pool is not available at all even if you ask for this in pre booking request, have registered a complaint as this left very disappointed children given we had booked this hotel specifically due to having a pool.  Breakfast was just average and after first morning, not particularly keen to eat there again on following days during stay.  Lifts were not working properly which meant long waits to get to your floor and no apparent signs of this being remedied urgently.  Reception staff were polite and helped with parking questions. Can park on site which is postive but costs apply,…",Date of stay: August 2020,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,"Checked in at 5 room 1 of our rooms not ready had to wait a further 45 minutes . Good size rooms, clean, not many facilities , only bar food and very busy ate out . Not able to get a pool slot. Good price for central London .",Date of stay: August 2020,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel.  DO NOT USE GREENMOTION CAR RENTAL IN LOBBY,The Hotel provides good clean accommodation with  Covid policy for safety in place. The staff are professional and curteous. DO NOT use GREENMOTION CAR RENTAL in the lobby. They have a very dubious reputation (google) and will charge your credit card for damage that you did not do. A hotel the quality of Hilton should not have them in the hotel lobby as a result I would not stay at this hotel again.,Date of stay: August 2020,4.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor service ," Firstly we arrived at the hotel at around, 11:45 and we were told our room would be ready in a couple of hours.  Upon out return at around 14:45, there was a huge queue to check in with only 2 desks operating.  Having already paid and signed paper work I was i formed I could collect the room key on return.  When I approached the front desk to see if I could collect my key I was told I mist wait.  I then queued 45 minutes to get back to the front desk at which point I was told my room was not ready, by now I was already late for an appointment.  For the breakfast the next day we were told if we arrive around 8 there would be limited queue (important as we have an autistic child with us).  We attempted to use the lift at 7:30, after waiting around 20 minutes for one with seceral…",Date of stay: August 2020,2.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great Room, If only we could get to it","Despite having a lovely family room in the West Wing, the wait for the lifts is completely unacceptable.  Only 2 out of the 5 lifts are working (this has been the case for several days) and with social distancing, the wait can be up to 30 mins.  The signs in the lifts say a maximum of 2 people, however we had to let 4 lifts go today as they had at least 10 people in them as people are waiting for so long to leave or get to their rooms.  Not acceptable during these already difficult times !",Date of stay: August 2020,2.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,As close to Central London as you can get without the extortionate rates.,"We just completed a family stay here over the weekend for a special occasion, and the price was brilliant considering you're literally walking distance from Oxford st. Marble arch, Hyde Park etc. Check in was a fairly lengthy process, with quite long queues and only 2 people at the check in desks, and no one was stationed at the Hhonors desk so no speedy check ins available for diamond/gold members which was a little bit of a let down.  We had booked 2 types of family rooms, which unfortunately were located in the west wing, which is a little more dated than the more recently refurbished tower. Our Queen superior room on floor 13 unfortunately had a rather unpleasant smell coming from the a/c when turned on, but credit to the reception manager, he very kindly changed the room…",Date of stay: August 2020,4.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton standards!!!,"OMG! Where do I start. Checking into this hotel last Friday evening was a disaster. They only had 2 receptionists working and lots of people queuing and waiting to be helped out. We waited a full 30 minutes before getting to the front desk just to check in.   Then even though I was told on the phone I would be given a free upgrade the receptionist insisted I needed to pay extra for the ""free"" upgraded room. Then finally getting through the check in process I was directed in the wrong direction to my room being told the West Wing and not the East Wing. There was only 1 lift working for the West Wing and there were about 20 people queuing for this 1 lift. Finally realising we were in the wrong wing we had to get back into the lift to find the correct area for our room.   The room…",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing staff ,We stayed here for one night whilst on a weekend away in London. The room was lovely and clean. We were on the 13th floor and had a decent view. The beds were comfy. The hotel is situated on Edgware Road which is convenient as it has a tube station right across the road. However it can also get a little uncomfortable walking down passing groups upon groups of men outside every restaurant/take away. However the hotel and staff were exceptional. The staff during breakfast in particular couldn’t have been more helpful. I would definitely stay here again. ,Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor service ,"This was the fourth time we had come to this hotel, all previous visits were fantastic but this visit was disappointing to say the least.   We requested the west wing but they gave us the east wing where the rooms are lot more dated. The room was really stuffy and we waited for an hour for the  maintenance to turn up to fix the air con. Spend ages on the phone ringing the reception who never answered and finally gave up. Couldn’t sleep the whole night due to the heat. Was a complete shambles. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone at this present time as is clear that they have completely fallen during the past few months.   Waste of money. ",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect for families of 5!!,"I was nervous after reading some reviews, but I need not of been. We have three young girls 8,7&5. We love our stay, so much so we extended it for 3nights. The room was plenty big enough, breakfast was great.  Luckily we called and pre booked our swimming slots, otherwise I doubt we would of got in. Staff were all very friendly and nothing was too much trouble.  The area isn’t the greatest, but across from the tube and buses were easy to jump on.  Would recommend and stay again.",Date of stay: August 2020,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Last minute cheap weekend break ,"Decided to book a weekend break with the kids just for a change of scene, hotel is massive, room big, very comfortable & well cleaned, breakfast nice, staff excellent and not busy if you go early, buffet plus cooked to order. Easy to get into central London on the tube. Only disappointment was the pool was fully booked all weekend and is very small so I suspect that may be the case for a while. Overall for 2 adults & 3 kids was £260 for 2 nights for a fun weekend in Central London in August which you really can’t argue with. ",Date of stay: August 2020,4.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel is fine,"We were a bit unsure about staying in a hotel due to the pandemic. The hotel itself seems to have taken measures to encourage good behaviour, but compliance of some of the guests is poor (no face masks despite all the signs, and going into lifts that are already full). It would be good if the hotel actively challenged some of those not complying with the rules.  The first room we were given, room 789 in the West Wing, had a terrible sewage smell. Thankfully the hotel moved us and they were very good about it. We had the feeling they knew the room had a problem. I spoke to someone in a lift who said they also had moved rooms due to a smell.  The breakfast was good and the staff there were friendly. They made a fuss over the children, getting Nutella pancakes etc. ",Date of stay: August 2020,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Stayed 2 nights in august. Couldnt access the pool because fully booked due to distancing rules. Large room with 2 queen beds at very reasonable rate. Step out with tube station opposite.. very good! Very nice italian resteraunt 5 mins walk away, other bars and resteraunts alongside canal which is 2 misn walk in another direction. It was clean enough and lots of towels. Ice machines on the floors and planty of lifts. Quiet cant hear other rooms. Complimentary water in rooms. Would stay again.",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The Hilton gets it right,"In this slightly odd Covid landscape the Hilton has got its customer relations right. Stayed for a night at the Metropole and the staff couldn't have been more welcoming, helpful and accommodating. They had to manage with restricted access, fewer people but all of this was managed with style and charm.  The bar and open dining area is open and social distancing is well managed. The same applies for breakfast and the rooms are good.  An excellent stay and thank you",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cheap and reasonable location.,"So stayed here for 8 days after lockdown ended.     Was advertised at 79 GBP a night which you can't really complain about and I'm not.    So pretty good location on the Edgware Road, but this is a big hotel and it was in full covid preperation mode.    Staff were really excellent, but my room was pretty small for a diamond member (and I did get upgraded) and the air con didn't work,   Even after a change, it was still pretty feeble.  Anyway - this is a solid average hotel.    I would stay again, but have tried a few other places since.",Date of stay: July 2020,3.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Thank you!,We stayed at the hotel during lock-down as part of an essential stay. Although it wasn't a usual hotel stay the lovely receptionist really went the extra mile to make things as easy as possible - I think her name was Nonu? The hotel followed strict Covid-19 guidelines to protect guests and so felt safe at all times.,Date of stay: June 2020,5.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Will not stay again ,"Stayed here after hotels opened since lockdown, they gave us deluxe renovated room but please look at the picture !!!!  Booked two rooms, one for us and one for my kids, both rooms smelt horrible, it was actually smokers room.  Very bad service and they don’t tell you all at time of booking, they just wanted to get you in.  We were regular visitor and although mentioned this that was a room we have been given.  Very bad experience. Room been given by the front line manager!!!!!! ",Date of stay: July 2020,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,We had an excellent stay!,"The reviews on this hotel are very mixed but we had an excellent stay. We felt very safe. A lot seems to depend on the room you get. We had rooms on floor 17, with a city view. They were refurbished, very clean and everything was working properly. There was a fridge. Tea/coffee etc provided.  Reception staff were very helpful. Breakfast was a mix of self service for continental - all bread rolls etc were individually packaged. Cooked breakfast was served to our table. This worked well as the hotel was quiet but may prove difficult to manage as the hotel becomes busier post lockdown. The cooked meal was beautiful. The hotel is just across the road from Edgware Rd tube station. It’s a 10 min walk to the Hyde Park end of Oxford Street. There is a lovely walk along Paddington Basin…",Date of stay: July 2020,5.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel , friendly stuff","My partner and I have stayed at this hotel so many times over the last 5 years and we always enjoy it. Normally, we’d book a king size room. Overall it’s a great hotel, we love the bar area, ambience, friendly staff and location. However, you have to be very careful at the check in, what we have noticed on many recent occasions is at the check in we have been told “you have been upgraded” which sounded great but once we enter the room it’s actually a downgrade - happened at least 3-4 times in the last  year , so instead of the king size room, we have been given a tiny room (not renovated, so definitely not an upgrade). As I said we have stayed at this hotel so many times so we know what the rooms are like and what to expect so on each occasion we had to go back to the reception…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fabulous!,"Me and my nan came to stay here in August last year as we were going to see The School of Rock musical. As soon as I entered the building I was blown away at how beautiful everything was, the floors were shiny marble and everything was really clean! Our room was located in the tower section, we had a twin room which had a view over looking a few shops and the car park. The beds were extremely comfortable and I had a great nights sleep! Bathroom was clean and nice. Food there was amazing, huge variety and selection. Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely come again!",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amiable Staff,The hotel is centrally located. The best for this hotel is the pretty amiable and friendly staff. In all occasion  you will see their staff greet you and smile. For me this kind of gesture makes my day specially on this hard time ( covid-19 pandemic). They are also very accommodating. Kudos to all your staff .In short you always demonstrate an excellent service.,Date of stay: May 2020,5.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Hilton metropole is centrally located and provides for a comfortable stay at affordable prices. We were here for four nights and especially loved the break fast ! There were diverse options for vegetarians, the food was great. Room was comfortable too.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Classic Hilton,"1 Thanks for the quick suite upgrade! Love it!  2 My loyalty being appreciated. Thanks Narel!  3 Foods selection are ok, can be better.  4 Staffs are friendly, keep up the great work!  Will recommend to all.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible ,"Absolutely terrible. Cracked ceiling, tiny room, bad quality tv, cracked paint on bath, shower coming of the wall, dated bathroom, sink tap falling apart, scratches all over the wall,really dated bathroom and nothing like the photos on there website show. Most importantly NO SOAP at a time like this!!!.   The lobby is really nice and food was lovely but the rooms are such aet down and the hallway to the room smelt of smoke all day and night. ",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton,"Me and my sister stayed at the Hilton metropole on Saturday 14th March. Pleasantly surprised at the size of the hotel and how well kept the reception was kept. We was able to get into our room earlier than expected which was good. We dropped our bags off and came back for a bite to eat and to have a shower ready to go watch pretty woman. We ordered room service - pepperoni pizza, crinkle cut chips and 2 cans of lemonade. When the food arrived, the pizza was only cheese and tomato, no pepperoni and the chips where straight cut. My sister rang down to let them know and they offered to waiver the tray charge and give a slight discount. Which we was happy with. After we had eaten I dried my hair using the hotels dryer and when I went to put it away got a huge shock from the plug,…",Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Clean and tidy. Nice rooms ,We stayed here for a weekend away and used it as a great base to go to shows and explore.  There’s loads of cafe etc around the hotel for food  Can walk to most places from here and tube stop right next door.  Really quiet in the room even though so central ,Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Super disappointed!,First of all we arrived wanting to park at the hotel but there were no clear sign of where the car park was then after going into the reception and asking (the kids and husband waited in the car) they directed us.  After parking we were looking around trying to find our way to the reception. We found a lift and tried our luck with the reception floor. We went up and couldn’t find the reception it said staff only and even those doors were locked so we had to go back down the lift to where we started.   We used the phone to find out how to get to the reception and they told us. We went up the lift then had to go through the fire exit and walk outside in the rain with 3 babies and a child to find the reception entrance. NO direct lift from car park into hotel!!  The closest…,Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room overated,"Reception and hotel lobby - modern and impressive reception area with attentive staff.   Bar area - relaxing and large size, drinks are on the high but as to be expected (£24 for two vodka&cokes, £40 for bottle of prosecco)   Room - we booked with hilton honours and were told we had a room upgrade upon arrival HOWEVER, the room was the complete opposite to the rest of the hotel, small size, old decor, rock hard bed with springs sticking out, bathroom seen better days paint peeling off cabinets, bath stained, shower pathetic. Curtain didn't even fill full window which was looking inwards across the pool to other rooms. After the first night I was in agony with my back (and I usually like a firm bed) but this was ridiculous literally the worst bed I've ever slept in and then when…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, everything worked fine ","A super good location next to tube station (Bakerloo,Circle) and Paddington. Price was reasonable and room totally ok and roomy.  Staff was very friendly and we got a good guidance whenever needed.  Breakfast was offering a good variety and quality. Gym/pool was a slightly disappointment since condition of premises was far from perfect.   Anyway a good experience that I can recommend. Service orientation is best in class.  ",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dissatisfied Hilton gold number,"Hello,  I currently staying @ Hilton Metropole in London from March 12 to March 18 using my Hilton Honors points. We travel from Florida, this is by far the 2nd worst Hilton hotel I have ever stayed. We booked a standard King room, but upgraded to a family superior queen because of my gold member status. First, let me say the lobby and lounge area is very nice to bad the rooms and executive lounge don't have the same quality. The room 798 in West wing was recently remodel, but it wasn't. The beds are hard as a rock, not sure why we need two queen when are married. Also, it has a sofa, we won't use it due the old smell. The bathroom smells like mildew we tried cleaning it ourselves but no luck. We decided to use the executive lounge breakfast but there were bugs on the fruit and…",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely huge hotel but overpriced.,"Hotel lovely, huge! Pool area nice, and very good that they let children in a bit later than some hotels too. The restaurant was nice and breakfast was fab. However, check-in was slow though the lady that cake out to eventually check us in was lovely. The room wasn’t made up per 2 adults and 2 children as per the booking, the sofa bed should have been made up before arrival but we didn’t want the bother of arranging this so just shared the double beds, not ideal! The room had not been cleaned properly and was quite dusty, the TV didn’t have enough channels, and one of them didn’t work at all, the toilet paper was really cheap and the loo made a loud gurgling noise for ages after flushing, annoying when you’re trying to relax! Stay wasn’t worth the price on this occasion but…",Date of stay: March 2020,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Gorgeous food!,"Beautiful hotel, restaurant is gorgeous!! Staff were amazing at meeting our needs which weren’t on the menu. Beautiful pizza as pictured and drinks as well. Couldn’t recommend it more. I didn’t think I was hungry until I tasted the pizza",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location for a visit to London but rooms are a bit tired,"We stayed at the Hilton London Metropole located on the Edgeware Road, Saturday 7th to Sunday 8th March.  We were there for a family get together and a birthday, consisting of three couples, booking three Executive Rooms. Arriving from Somerset to Paddington Station it was an easy flat walk to the hotel, taking about twelve minutes.  We had trouble spotting the entrance and walked right by the hotel and around the following road coming back in another direction and eventually found the entrance.  We arrived quite early, around 12.30pm and queued at check-in.  We were pleased that our room was ready.  We were all located on the fourth floor.  We did not check in all together, but strangely one of our group were given two bottles of water on arrival and another two the next day. …",Date of stay: March 2020,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rude staff,Restaurant staff were extremely rude. They did not get the bill correct and when asked to resolve the matter they snatched the bill from my hand and were visibly annoyed. I just wanted the correct bill.....,Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,First time stay at this hotel. Friendly staff on the reception and from that point onwards every thing spiralled downwards. Very dated hotel which could do with a renovation. Dirty room. Uncomfortable bed. ,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, shame about the area","The hotel is amazing, it’s comfortable. The check in area, the staff make you feel welcome and wanted. Nothing is to much of a problem. Me and partner stayed there for my birthday. It’s really close to Edgware tube station, which is great. But the area let’s it down, it’s close to Hyde park (you can walk it, if you want) and Oxford street. Car parking is very very tight, own anything bigger than a mini then go to another car park.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in London,"I have stayed at the Metropole a couple of times a year over the past 15 years or so.  The staff is always helpful, courteous and friendly.  They go above and beyond to make your stay awesome.  During my most recent stay (04 - 07 March 2020) I had dinner in the restaurant a couple of times and the Hostess / Lead that was there, Kaiti, was super helpful and friendly which made my dining experience that much more enjoyable.  She truly embodies the attitude I've gotten use to from Hilton's team globally! ",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A room with a view,"The metropole check in was very good , we turned up very early parked our car underneath the hotel , told them it was there and went to meet our friends . We didn’t check in until quite late as we explored London and had a great day . We came back very hungry and used the Italian restaurant, the food was tasty but my chicken pasta only had a 2cm by 3cm piece of chicken inside so very disappointing for the price you pay .  Breakfast was lovely and well worth it .",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable,"Very lovely stay! Really enjoyed my stay. Staff where good to me, good gym facilities nice swimming area. Sonna and a steaming room well equipped. Security is tight. Very close to restaurants and central London.",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Could not have been better,"We stayed here as a joint celebration for my 25th birthday and my parents 27th wedding anniversary. We stayed in a queen superior room in the west wing with breakfast included and we could not have been happier. The breakfast was very good with excellent staff that where very attentive to what you need and want. Housekeeping was done in a timely manner and always with a smile. The hotel restaurant provided excellent food both in restaurant and room service with happy brilliant staff.   However it was the bar staff that truly blow us away, I mentioned off hand that it was my parents wedding anniversary on our last night at the hotel, before we knew it they had given us complementary prosecco and a plate of desert that had happy 27th anniversary written around the edge in…",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fine Hotel with good communication links.,"Very good hotel, clean, comfortable.  We stayed in some refurbished rooms which as excellent. It is large, but there are lots of areas to relax.  Breakfast is buffet, but you can ask for things they do not have prepared.  Behind the hotel is the Paddington Basin which is up and coming, and there are some good pubs and restaurants back there.  Tube line is Edward Road within 100m, and best parking is in Bell Street at £10 per day.",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Love it,We loved the hotel because it is in edgeware road and close to oxford shopping the price is valuevof money and the hotel staff are friendly i would stay here again and yeah one more thing the underground is 1 min walking,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel in Central London,"The hotel has excellent Gym room, with swimming pool, and Sauna. You can wind up your day with good work out.  It has a sport bar to watch all the football matches, with several screens to watch the match of your choice. The executive lounge offers snacks, and in the evening they offer open bar with food, basically you can have a dinner with wine or beverages for free.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,We expected more.,"First impressions count - and the reception we got at check in left a lot to be desired. The lady that served us ran away from her desk AFTER calling us over; and then returned a few minutes later. Once she had returned; she made little to no eye contact, and seemed more interested in the conversation that was going on with her colleague next to her and the customers he was dealing with.   Once we had checked in; we went to our room only to find that we had been given a room with two double beds, instead of the 3 single beds we had requested. Upon further inspection - Empty food wrappers were found; along with what appeared to be vomit on the floor next to one of the beds. (Still damp- as we wiped this with a tissue to try to determine what the stain was)...   We returned to…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid at all costs...not what you’d expect from a Hilton Brand,"Not sure how this hotel has received anything but 1 Star.  I made a reservation to stay 3 nights (Monday thru Thurs) for an executive level room. I checked in early, around 9:30am and was very happy they accommodated me by having the room ready. I get to the room and am completely shocked at the condition of it. I had gotten a feeing this hotel may be older because as soon as I got off the elevator, I saw how dated the carpets and furniture in the hallway were.  1. Room was extremely dirty with stains in the carpet and stains on the furniture (See pics) 2. Half the room had no lights, literally. Normally, there’s a floor lamp or something in one corner of the room, lamps on both night stands, and a lamp on the desk. At the very least maybe ceiling lights over the desk. Nope.…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge facility! Well used. ,"Hotel is fine, you get a lot of facilities, and good location, generally!!!   Staff on the whole were helpful, but I would like to single out ELIONA on the desk for being UNHELPFUL AND DISMISSIVE of my request for help.   Otherwise the hotel was okay! ",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Massive but Excellent Hotel,"Hilton achieve their usual high standard with the Metropole. Massive hotel, ideally positioned near Paddington Station and Edgware Road underground. Comfy rooms, king size beds, attentive staff and usual good buffet breakfast. Only problem is no walk-in shower in room I occupied. Shower in bath is a bit old fashioned nowadays!",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth being gold,Not worth the money. Rooms are very small. Bathroom has very little space and no places to store your toiletries. Heating and cooling is a joke. Thermostat barely works and if the rooms hot you can’t open a window. No fan in the bathroom so all the steam and heat stays in your room. Had construction starting above in the morning so no opportunity to sleep in. Even the whiskey bar they advertise was closed most nights. As far as Hilton benefits. Not worth the effort of staying loyal as Hilton Honors member as the brand  has no standard guidelines for determining room type. What’s basic room in one hotel might be classed as a deluxe in another property. I e stayed at basic rooms at other Hilton’s that were better than this deluxe room I was so call upgraded to.  It’s left purely…,Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Was very disappointed with our stay this time...whilst the staff were lovely, polite and helpful, the room was disappointing. The beds were extremely hard and very noisy, and the pillows far too soft to give any support. The room was far too hot and the air conditioning refused to stay on. Hot water was only an option when showering at an odd time - first thing in the morning/before breakfast, just forget it! General decor looking very tired now. Didn't feel good value given the cost of the room.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel very dated,"Not a good experience at this very dated hotel not anywhere near the standard I expect of the Hilton have stayed in the Hilton all over the world and this is the worst one I have ever stayed in, the reason I use Hilton is the standard is high not so in this one. Having booked a 3 night stay in an executive twin to be given a very small outdated and scruffy room with hard beds in the worst part of the hotel was not on and then to be told that the hotel was undergoing a refit was no consolation. Ended up in a family twin in another area was better but not to usual Hilton standards. Thin bedding,cold room no instructions on how to work air con, no hot water one morning due to work in the area, gripper rod coming through the thin carpet stood on when going to bathroom, pool not warm…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Too big,get the best rooms on higher floors","My room on 16, was lovely and modern.  Big new shower and comfortable bed. My room was near the elevator and you hear bells every time it opens. The fiamma restaurant for the buffet breakfast is great.  It’s a ten minute walk to paddington station and 5 minutes to edgeware rd station. Overall I would recommend but only if you get a high floor tower room.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Based on other reviews, I was a little nervous but no need to be. Excellent hotel, rooms were great and the food was outstanding. I would definitely recommend this hotel to any of my friends. Pool was a little chilly for me.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay ,"Great location, clean rooms. Amazing breakfast. Plenty fresh choice. Very friendly reception team specially Frederica who has checked in us. Majid at concierge very welcoming and helpful. Thank you for very nice stay   ",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok stay,"I have stayed here for many nights, cheap and very average.   Parking is a plus plus   Renovated rooms are perfect for about £200 a night, pay more at your peril.   Food in restaurant is poor though breakfast is good with over 100 items.   I will stay here again though is average!",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid,"Overpriced.  Booked for pool for kids but a very cranky, lazy lifeguard on duty on the morning of 17th of Feb ‘20 insisted on an adult swimming in the pool with 12 & 13 year old boys.  Generally the hotel rooms are shabby.  Junior staff seem overworked and unhappy.  Not what one would expect from a Hilton.  Shower didn’t work properly, not enough towels per person, inadequate basic toiletries.  Extensive buffet but hot food was very poor. Book somewhere else.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hopefully you got a very low rate, otherwise do not stay here","I was staying here on business for first time in London, my company has corporate rates at Hilton properties, and the location was convenient to Paddington train station so I picked this property.  Unwise choice.  The hotel is not aging well, my room was in poor repair, carpet stained, furniture fabric stained and torn, paint peeling in the bathroom, and the A/C did not work properly(very cold day, room was very hot).  The staff, as a balance against the poor property, are for the most part great and very accommodating.  Room service was quick, quality ok.  Maintenance came quickly to address the heating/cooling problem, and the room temperature improved. The breakfast included in my room rate was much lower quality than I have experienced at other European hotels, but was…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,lost in translation and the eggs,"rooms are clean, generally very quite. breakfast, OMG the eggs situation is disgusting. the fried eggs were dry and looked plastic, scrambled eggs were watery.....gross. TV channel selection is diabolical! gym is very small and massively dated and change rooms dirty, prefer to shower in my room. urgh. the pool water was murky, dirty to say the least, looked like plankton in the sea. hehehe sauna was functional but very dated and looks like on its last legs. shower in my room was pretty decent until i showered and water wouldn't drain quickly enough so reduced to a trickle for a shower. phoned to advise them of the issue, they offered to send someone to fix it, I said no as I had already showered and wanted privacy. they can fix in their own time.  so what next - - - -  at…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"Spent a few nights with my best friend at this Hilton and the experience was marvellous. Huge room and nice views. Thanks to Eliona who checks us in. She was very welcoming and kind with us.   Special mention to Hemantha and Elena from Fiamma restaurant. Their service was totally outstanding. They both were very proffesional, friendly and attentive. 5stars service.  We will definitely be back",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired and Dirty,"Stayed one night for my company’s business conference. Check in/out was good, and staff were friendly and helpful, but this is a very tired hotel. My room on the 9th floor, was drab and not sure it was cleaned properly - empty shampoo bottle in shower, and not sure toilet had been properly cleaned. Shower was functionally ok, but bathroom has definitely seen better times. Overall, one of the worst business class hotel rooms I’ve stayed in for over a decade ",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay!!,"I have been many times in this hotel and always I have felt like home.  This was a special ocasion for me and my best friend as we were meeting in London after more than 3 years! Eliona from the front desk was amazing, very profesional and kind with us.  You are a star!! We will come back for sure :) ",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel Overall,I was here yesterday for my anniversary and they really did well with a bottle of alcohol a card and some food for the room. This was all complementary from Hilton which was a very nice touch from them! The hotel is less then 2 mins from the tube station as well so close! The staff were just great and helpful. Also the bar is a very nice area too! Overall couldn't recommend it anymore to anyone.  Thank you guest relations team!,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,60th Anniversary Amazing,I booked the hotel on behalf of my grandparents who are celebrating their 60th anniversary. I mentioned this during a call and the staff have ensured theyve felt like celebrities throughout their stay. Every staff member congratulated them and the facilities were amazing. My grandparents are elderly and could not have had a better experience. Thank you so much. Would 1000% recommend for making their trip once in a lifetime xxx,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"We stayed at the Hilton in the winter because we were attending winter wonderland in Hyde park. It’s a nice hotel, in an ok location and has friendly staff. I’d recommend the hotel but the only thing I could suggest is to improve the breakfast as it’s quite expensive.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, but too many plastics!! ","The hotel is great, very beautiful, the rooms are confortable, the place is ideal. there is no water available, and if you call room service to ask, they tell you it is 5 pounds for a bottle of water + 5 pounds of room service delivery (so 10 pounds for a 750ml still water) They use too many useless plastics and in those times of zero waste and care about environnement for me it is not acceptable at all. So I liked it but will not stay there again! :(:(   ",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrific hotel,"Stay here for a weekend whilst doing the sights and sounds of the city. Our room on the 5th floor was smart and very large. The furniture was all modern and well maintained. Check in was wonderful, we arrived early wanting to drop our bags, but staff found us a room and we checked in fully. We used the bag drop on the Sunday and again staff were polite and extremely helpful. Only downside was the lack of free WiFi, which in a hotel of this stature one would consider a given. ",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor standard - Poor Service,"The room (Superior Queen) is really average with damaged furniture. The service is poor: first, they had no room available in the standard I had booked (King Superior), offered to downgrade into Single with 1 free breakfast (for 3 nights), then offered a double Queen option (which I took). Today, my room key was not working. I went back to the front desk (opposite side of the hotel). Discovered that they dis-activated it because my credit card was apparently not working in their system. To make it simple, I offered to pay now for the 3 nights (one more night to come). The same card did work perfectly. They refused to give me my invoice now despite payment already done. Service is at front desk was almost arrogant today. The hotel atmosphere feels like a cold basement.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired in places,"This was probably a very good hotel in its day but it is looking very tired in places, mainly the bedrooms which are due for refurbishment (scratched furniture, cracked counter tops in bathroom, excess sealant covering things up). Windows still let a fair bit if noise in so not the best night sleep. My friends were staying in a room over looking the pool area so had a quieter room but the curtains did not fully cover the windows so there was a lot of light coming through 24hours a day. Neither of us felt our rooms where exec as promised and bathrobes were missing from the rooms.  Lobby and restaurant etc are kept very well and appear clean. However I think they are racing through the rooms to clean them and our bath had hairs in it.  Location is good for the tube access and…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stayed with my Dad and Brother for a birthday treat,I liked this hotel although the beds were a bit creaky when you rolled over at night and the breakfast looked very expensive.The pool smelt a lot but I really enjoyed the amazing view.I had fun having a swim.but I really enjoyed my stay!!!,Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the price ,"I have stayed in quite a few Hilton hotels and I must say they continue to disappoint.   The two stars for this stay go to the location, its seven minute walk to London Paddington Station and approximately two minutes walk to Edgeware Road Station. So if you are working in central london or are visiting as a tourist then great this location gets the two stars.  As for the hotel like many other reviews and in fact other Hilton hotels this one is dated and in need of an urgent refit. The mattress was springy and quite frankly should have been replaced ten years ago, the door had mould around it, the carpet had so many stains in it I started to think it was the pattern when in fact it used to be cream coloured and it smelt terrible.  For £139 a night this is quite simply not worth…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My daughter’s birthday ,"I had a great time with my family staying at Hilton London Metropole, the staff was very helpful upon checking in and checking out, the room was very clean and the bed was very confortable, and the big surprise was excellent by preparing the cake for my daughter and delivered to the room, that was very kind of them. Breakfast was very good,The service was great on general. I will definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family, and I will book again Hilton London Metropole on the future.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful..am HHonors member & wouldn’t recommend,I am a Diamond HHonors member and I have never stayed in a worse Hilton before.  I am in a room which is no bigger than my box room at home.  The bath is the same size as a shower (why they insist on having a bath is beyond me).  I specifically asked for a room away from the lift and my room is right beside the lift.  There is no hairdryer and ironing board (I requested one from the “magic button” which didn’t work so I called “0”) - that was 45 minutes ago....the walls are paper thin but luckily my friend is in the next room so shouting through the walls works fine and I don’t have to phone her.   Check in was chaotic and not enough staff. So disappointed because I normally really enjoy staying at the Hilton chain hotels.,Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Will not ever go back as dirty rooms,"The downstairs areas are exactly Hilton standard and the pool is lovely BUT The rooms were so dirty/old and needed urgent refurbishment in the tower, esp rooms 609/611.  We passed our concerns to management so hopefully the changes will be made, we were given a 25% discount to apologise after arrival home, as we couldn’t accept the offered free breakfast at the time. It wasn’t enough really as so grubby.  The reason at the time we couldn’t go and ask to change rooms was due to travelling with our autistic children as it would have been really difficult to have to return to reception with them.  The room issues:- dirty carpets, broken shower head, paint coming off of bath side, lime scale under taps, stale ?smoke smell in room and numerous wires at side of the fridge.  This is…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location but rooms very tired,"Good location but rooms very tired and need some love and attention. Bathrooms have pealing paint, no water left in rooms which you usually find in a Hilton. I use Hilton regular and this doesn't meet there standards  in my opinion",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Utterly disgraceful filthy rotting worn out property with worst service – do not stay here,"I realised that this hotel had a bad name.  I did not realise that things could ever be so bad.  On arrival at approximately 2:30 pm only four of eight check-in desks were open.  They were queues and I waited.  Room 324 in the East Wing was allocated for my stay against Hilton Honors points. It was nasty.  The ceiling was damaged. The filthy curtains were detached from the track. There was mould growth on the ceiling, and it was otherwise black with dirt. The bedding was stained.   The carpet was stained in multiple places. Furniture was scratched. Printed material was torn. Woodwork was scuffed and damaged.  The wall was damaged. The iron base plate finish was partially worn off. The bathroom door was damaged.  The finish was worn around the water waste outlet. There was a dirt…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Absolute disgrace,We stayed here in december myself and 3 kids in 2 rooms.  I have stayed In many hilton hotels around the world and have never came across such a disgrace of a hotel.  We had 2 rooms which we realised after getting back after a long day sight seeing that both rooms heating was broken and rooms were freezing.  Reported this to reception no one came to check so I had to go down myself to reception.  I then waited another 45 mins for engineer to appear which he advised could not be fixed I had a 4 year old son with me and was freezing.  That's not the only thing as I have attached pictures of this health hazard of a room absolute filthy and as for the bathroom was disgusting.  I am absolute shocked at how bad our 2 nights stay was and cannot believe the service we received.,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Central Hotel,"Always stay here when going to London, always good rooms nice and clean staff friendly, this hotel is nice and central and close to the tube. Lots of choice for breakfast but do have to pay separate which at nearly £200 a night I think should come in with the price.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel EVER!,"We had booked a total of 5 rooms and it was the biggest mistake ever made! 9 nights in this terrible place felt like a year! Firstly, there were no porters to assist (yet concierge was full of them when we arrived). The lady at check in took over 30 mins to get us checked in. One of the rooms given was a paraplegic room (had to get it changed), one room was filthy and the mattress on the bed was doughy and you could actually feel the mattress springs (had to get it changed). Housekeeping was atrocious!!! Nothing was ever cleaned or moved around. There was hair everywhere when we checked in, we had nails in our bathroom, the towels always had hair in them.The only thing they seemed to do was make the bed and replace toilet paper. Our rooms hadnt been cleaned on 2 days and i will…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not impressed with the room ,"We have arrived today. The welcome was great the staff are very helpful. However this is where is ends. We found our room which is a disgrace for the Hilton. Wallpaper hanging off the walls, plug sockets hanging off the wall and the bathroom, is disgusting and dirty! The bed is squeaky and so uncomfortable. The chair in the room is worn out and should have gone on the skip along time ago.  Such a shame as I have stayed in many hotels to be honest I will not be rushing back. ",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Review,"Arrived at Hotel, very welcoming, room very clean apart from under the best where there was a lot of dust and of course it was the first place the kids went. Bar on the top floor wasnt open and we wanted the kids to see the view. Steam room wasnt working in leisure centre. The Rack House menu was very.limited, no racks on the menu, the advertising for the rack house featured a picture of beautiful chicken wings yet there was no chicken wings on the menu which was disappointing.  The hotel is close to the city, sub way is across the road. Room was comfy, staff were pleasant.",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Pleased,"Booked this break with Edwards Travel and I must say we were very pleased with Hilton Metropole right near Paddington Station.  I read reviews and at one stage was going to change hotels but left it.  Hotel lovely, very spacious, very nice bar Lounge, Starbucks coffee bar with wonderful cakes and sandwiches, spotless clean, staff and concierge so helpful, check in great, room was ready for us.  Breakfast first class, lovely restaurant plenty of choice, hot food so tasty.  I could not fault anything except bed a little noisy in room 1187.  Will book again and stay here as minutes from Paddington and easy to get around, taxi on doorstep really good.  I got to mention Martin Taylor the Black Cab Taxi Man (outside Hotel) who so kindly drove all the way to Harrods to give me my…",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very tired old dirty hotel,"One of the worst hotels i have ever stayed at, the general appearance is very tatty , old and worn out. This building needs a big refurbishment, our room was smelly and had a leaking air conditioning unit constantly dripping on the floor (the staff were not interested in fixing it). The carpet was tired as the decor, the bathroom was horrid.  The stay was not cheap and was a a disappointment.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Crumbling overpriced and dirty,"For £140 a night this hotel is terrible, St Giles in Tottenham Court Rd is half the price, cleaner and friendlier, just a clean bed without someone else's blood on shouldn't be a big ask! A hotel under this brand should not be this bad",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired Hotel,Front of house all looks good but in Tower rooms dystopian back to the 60s! Rooms badly need reno.Staff were friendly and efficient.  We were aware of comments but were booked here by Sport ticketing group.This is a busy hotel but location good and pricing ok.  ,Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a great stay,"The good: Check-in staff were very friendly and efficient. This is a busy hotel and they seem to have to cope with some difficult customers but they greeted me with a smile. All other staff were great   The bad: I’m not sure if it was room selection but my room was awful. The bed was uncomfortable and the bathroom looked like it needed a reno 10 years ago. When I got to the room on day 1 there was still food on the floor  Like in an episode of Mr Bean, I also got stuck in the elevator for 10 minutes and on leaving the room my safe wouldn’t open  ???: The sports bar was closed?  Maybe I have this wrong but it’s a handy place for a beer and a bite",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stolen things,"My wife has been visited this hotel and have been stolen last night by the cleaners as she Is sure that the things was in the room because she was showing the things to her sister before she leave and the door is closed so the only possibility that the stealer is from the staff and when she return it was nothing and when she complaint to the staff and shift manager , they told her they will investigate and no camera's available in the hotel to know who is the person and no one give her any response . It was bad experience from an hilton hotel such this",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Many old, dated rooms that need refurbished ","Booked two rooms and stayed for two nights in early January.  I used to be Hilton Honors Diamond member but recently dropped down to Gold. Have stayed at this hotel several times a number of years ago and dozens of Hilton’s across the world.  Public areas remain nice and modern but a lot of rooms are very dated and require full refurbishment.  I checked-in via the Hilton app. When we arrived at the hotel from Heathrow, I was told the rooms  that I had selected were no longer available. A bit pointless offering digital check-in!  Our newly allocated rooms were horrible. The corridor was old and smelly. The TV in the room was also old and didn’t work properly. Only three of the basic Freeview channels were working!! Really poor.  No water. Nothing in minibar. Old, ripped…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient and comfortable ,I chose the Hilton because I wanted to treat myself to a little luxury for my trip. It wasn’t the most expensive hotel available but it wasn’t by any means cheap at £100 for one night.  There were a few issues the room was a little tired with yellowing paint in the bathroom and very beige  decor I also had a view of very industrial walls despite being on 12th floor. I attempted to order room service but after checking a couple of items was told that nothing on the menu was gluten free which I required as I have coeliac disease. Luckily there are other places to eat nearby but I was disappointed that I couldn’t just relax and eat in my room.  I used the swimming pool during my stay and was looking forward to the steam room and sauna. The steam room was out of order and appeared…,Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very tired rooms,"We booked 3 rooms at this hotel 6 months in advance. We sent through an email request 3-4 months in advance for the newer refurbished rooms. However, we were assigned the older rooms. These rooms are VERY TIRED and gloomy, the toilet barely flushed, 3 tv channels. Stained carpets. It was a very dismal experience. On the 3rd morning my husband found it unbearable and we expressed our disappointment to the manager Stefano. He was willing to assist and gave us 2 renovated rooms with a view of Edgware road and winter wonderland for the last night.  These rooms are tastefully decorated and more than comfortable. I cannot thank Stefano enough for making our last night memorable! However, I will be reluctant to return in case I should be assigned the first dismal room again. Positives:…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing.....,"Really disappointed with our stay at this huge 1,000 bedroom-plus hotel. We booked a family room for 2 adults and 3 children months in advance and specifically asked about early check-in, as we needed to get ready for a wedding. Called the day before to check early check-in was still available, and we were advised to check in at 1.30pm to see if the room was ready then. When we got there we were told to return at 2.30pm, so went for something to eat. We waited from 2.40pm until just before 3pm, getting concerned about getting five people cleaned up, changed and ready for a cab at 4pm. We were finally offered a small room to change in but then had to pack everything back up to leave back in reception.... Although this arrangement 'worked' the temporary room had a really bad aroma…",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It’s a NO NO...,"We stayed at Hilton Metropole for Xmas Holidays. The rooms were dated and the smell was awful... ( NO WINDOW - No extractor). The whole fifth floor was very smelly...🤢  We pre-booked 4 rooms and PREPAID from September. The booking was a terrible experience. No communication... they did overcharged our account and we had to make a 100000 phone calls and sent emails to take our money back ( a month later). On our last night we closed all our bills ( paid for all extras - rooms were pre-paid ) BUT again, the next day ( we already left ) , our credit card was again charged 🤬🤬 🤬  Dated rooms , bad communication,  management?????",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in Paddington area,"A good place to stay near Paddington. Near to Edgware tube station too. Solid place to stay but rooms need to be refreshed. The housekeeping service was very reliable and We never had an issue with them. I am glad we didn’t get the breakfast as every time we went by the restaurant in the mornings, it was super crowded. There are several coffee shops across the street that suffice for a quick bite before heading out for the day. We were there over New Years and it was extremely crowded—but so was ALL of London. ",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Left you more to be desired,"Rooms were dates, beds were the hardest Ive slept on in any hotel. The restaurant downstairs took 2 hours to serve us a burger, 2 kids chicken tenders and a salad. The expectation of this being a Hilton hotel was not met. I was extremely disappointed with our room seeing that this was the most expensive hotel on our trip by quit a bit I expected more.  ",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice public areas. Rooms need work. Nice staff. Huge hotel. ,"Spent two nights here and would probably avoid it in the future. They needed more staff at check-in.  As a Gold,  still had to wait 15 minutes as there were only three staff at the front desk at 6pm.  Staff was very nice, though.   Upgraded to Executive room. Room was dated,  a large space where a couch should have been.  Missing a bedstand on one side.  Other bedstand had old potato chip crumbs in it. Room was cold as thermostat didn't have effect. TV didn't work. Pleasant workman appeared promptly and wiggled wires behind TV to get it right.  Explained that heat was controlled by computer that he could adjust remotely. Called housekeeping to request an extra blanket but was told that they were all out and they would send extra sheets instead. Heat OK next day but thermostat…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Spacious, clean and comfortable ","I am very happy to give this hotel a four-star rating as my experience seems to be very different to the majority of other reviewers. Whether this is because we have lower expectations as we got a really good value deal or just got lucky? Who knows? Yes, we had to wait a while in the queue to check in (it is an enormous hotel with people coming and going all the time) but our family room was ready for us.  We were allocated a 2x Queen-size bed room in the West Wing which we found to be extremely spacious for four people. Our room was clean with plenty of hot water and a range of TV channels (some negatives highlighted in other reviews).  The breakfast included in our deal was superb - plenty of choice and all freshly cooked with no queuing involved at 9.30am or the next morning…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not acceptable for a Hilton,Room 919. Dirty Leaking shower Rotten wood surround on bath Bath plug leaking. No AC control 2 TV Channels only. More dated than me...1979s music lover. Very average.  Do yourself a favour and stay somewhere else.  Hilton....up your game and please. Hilton Honours Member  ,Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Dirtiest, terrible, zero stars, unprofessional ","I am currently in room 990, and 989 they physically checked me in at 7:30 pm after waiting in the lobby since 2 pm (5 hours) waiting with 3 children after a long trip can you imagine?! I requested a family room which is two interconnected superior rooms, however they wanted to put me in a floor and my children in another floor. Finally after 5 hours the gave me a disabled room !   The rooms are dirty, there is a red spot on the duvet that i think it’s blood or wine. This hotel is always busy and no body will answer your call from the room  I am a Bonvoy member , I always stay at sheraton parktower in knights bridge. This is the first time and will be the last time in this terrible place.   I will keep posting pictures of this disastrous place ",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,4 day break at newyear,I read alot of really bad reviews about this hotel but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. The room was large with 2 queensize beds and very clean and comfortable. The bar areas were lovely with nice seating. The breakfast had plenty of choice and good quality. The only major negative was the meal we had in the restaurant for NYE. Terrible menu as for the mains there was a choice of 2 pasta dishes and 3 pizzas. Very very poor festive menu and we were not impressed either by lack of choice and price. Also there was a service charge put on at the bar that my husband still got charged even when he went to the bar to get his own drink. On the whole I found the hotel in great location for Hyde Park and enjoyed my stay,Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the best Hilton property ,"The hotel is conveniently located near the underground station. The lobby was continuously busy with long lines at the reception counter; however, staff were pleasant and helpful.  The rooms were dated and beds were terribly uncomfortable!  The hallway had peeling wall paper with an overall dingy appearance.  Unless you love middle eastern food, there are limited options close to the hotel.  ",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst dirty disgusting Hilton I have ever stopped,"From waking in was a great big reception looked good but from getting to the room was just so dirty and out dated ,windows were all ready to fall out in the near future . They were that old they put a slide sort of double glaze on the inside instead of renew the windows . They were that dirty inside and out could hardly see out of the high room we got. This inside was very basic and dirty not going to go on but I would not use or stay here again as we all was use Hilton hotels when when we can. An I have stayed in better and cleaner travel lodges than this by along way .",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole Needs 'Fresh Air',"As a hotel owner with decades of hospitality experience I feel this hotel needs a renovation and better management. This would improve the overall cleanliness, staff's ability to communicate and most importantly resolve guest issues efficiently. ",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good for business meetings,"Have used it quite a few times for business meetings either in the foyer (very nice but a pricey old breakfast) or in the Starbucks area (not as nice as noisy). Have stayed in hotel and wouldn’t repeat it, as the Hilton at Paddington better.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with a 5 stars Service!,"While our family was relocated we spent 15 days at the London Metropole.  Despite its busy nature, the service is great. The members of staff were incredibly efficient and kind, which thoroughly impressed us. This is especially true for the efficient and kind front office team at the hotel reception, the housekeeping and breakfast service.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A bad surprise ,Huge hotel with spacious rooms and close to the center. That’s much all the good things about... Rooms and hotel needs significant renovation and upgrade. Was surprised to find out during my check in that breakfast wasn’t included in the price which had not been mentioned in the reservation confirmation. Wifi is not included either!!! Asking price of 13 pounds per day for Internet!!! For Christ’s sake this is the 21st century and they are asking money for internet access. Overall a decent stay for a 3 star hotel but not worthy to carry the Hilton brand on it. ,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This Isn't Your Average Hilton,"We stayed here for 8 nights in a spacious room in the large tower (we were upgraded due to Hilton Gold status). The room was large and fine overall, if a bit dated. There was no luxury to be found, though. The room was cold -- we happened upon a space heater in the hallway during our stay and that made the room a bit more reasonable in terms of temperature. The bathroom plumbing made very suspicious noises when not in use and woke us multiple times per night. There were no spare pillows or blankets in the room and requests to get some were unsuccessful.   The lobby and public spaces are pretty nice but the rooms are mediocre at best. The front desk and maintenance staff seem to constantly be stretched too thin for good service, though the staff were quite nice when we interacted…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton to date ,Hornestly the worst Hilton experiance to date. Room was not ready for check in and is still not ready here at 19.15. Wi-fi does not Work.  Lounge access which was paid for and confirmed does not Work/was put on the card.  Lounge food and beverage selection was much Better last time.   Still two days to go. Hope it Will be improved. ,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not recommended,"We booked at the Hilton for 1 night in December 2019. They gave us a room on the 6th floor (non-smoking floor). The room smelled smoke and ashes were by the windows, when you cannot open the windows. So it means the employees of the hotel smoke in the room while cleaning !!! We went back to the reception and they gave us a refurbished room on the 14th floor. It was nice of them.  Except that the AC/heater make a noise all night and I couldn't sleep !!! So I will not recommend this hotel at all and I will never stay in a Hilton ever ever again !!!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"has the appearance of a nice upscale hotel, but not the looks are deceiving","beds were very hard and uncomfortable. ordered room service twice...both times, we had to call back down as they forgot to bring part of the order on the first delivery. ordered an appetizer and cocktail at the bar in the lobby.  after 30-40 minutes, we had to ask the waiter about the status of our appetizer (drinks had been delivered), and they explained that their ""new system"" lost our order.  they did comp our food, which was appreciated, but other than that, it seems as though the staff could use some additional training. location was good with easy access to the tube and Hyde Park. all in all, the room was a bit over-priced.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good place for few days of work,"Sprawling big hotel that's buzzing and active all the time  Conveniently located near Marylebone with access to underground and walkable distance to Oxford street (1.5 kms)  Stayed for a week. Bit old hotel but well maintained. The rooms are fairly small (well, London!)  Bit of a bother if you have big suitcases as there is not enough place to unpack and keep things, but not deal breaker  Service is swift, attentive and efficient. Good breakfast spread but gets crowded around 8 am. Seems popular place with your groups  Good place to stay if visiting nearby area for work and definitely value for money at the price point  The view from skydeck is very good and a nice place to have a pint in the evening",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location for Winter Wonderland ,Stayed here for 2 nights in a family room while visiting Winter Wonderland and it was ideal. Staff very welcoming and good bar area. Plenty of restaurants near by and tube only a 2 min walk away.  Hotel was very clean and the family room was massive and very clean. ,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The most unwelcoming Hotel ever !!,"SERVICE WAS BAD. Right from when you enter the hotel they make you feel unwanted as you have to queue up at the reception for check in. And be prepared to do that hence forth at every small thing you need to ask or tell. Yes you can use the phone provided in the room if its picked up. In my stay of 5 days my phone was answered only thrice out more than 30 times I had called them. Very poor service. On check in I was told that the King room I had booked was full and I will have to accommodate in a twin room and a gesture buffet breakfast is being added complimentary. I agreed and checked in. The room was dark dingy with unclean stained carpets, foul odor, air conditioning was not working properly and plug points were out of order. Next morning I requested to send a dental kit to…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I stayed in a three bed room with my husband and 17 year old daughter. The room was available early which was great, but when we were leaving the door wouldn’t lock. I was told and engineer would be there to fix it within 30 mins. We managed to lock it before her/she turned up.  We returned at about 11pm, to find the TV on, the toilet used and not flushed, and some chocolate gone (wrapper on the bed). I went and complained to the night manager who did offer us an alternative room, but we declined due to the late hour.  In the morning, housekeeping woke us up at 8.30 asking if we were checking out - yes we were, but not until 12!!  Good points were comfortable beds and a good breakfast.  Bad points were very tired bathroom, no action about dodgy lock and obviously the intrusion…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Unfortunately it’s overrated ,"The hotel overall is average, but the response rate is too slow, specially when you ask for someone to fix the A/C specially when you have kids, safe box was not working and needed someone to fix it, it was a wrong choice, i don’t recommend this hotel at all, with the same price you can get a better value.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Way under the expected,"Decided to go to London and spend Christmas there.  While writing this, we are still staying at the hotel. Booked for 6 nights.  When we arrived, the room was not cleaned. There was crisps under the bedsheets. Something red on the bed sheets. Red wine or .... They fixed it pretty fast. Now on day 4, and we still have a a curtain in the bathroom that is hanging from the wall. Very close to falling out of the wall. No toilet brush. Toilet sounds like a fighter plane when filling. The plug in the toilet zink is stock in a possition, where it can not open. The handle to control it is broken. Only cleaning every 3 days. 4 towels for 5 people. All this was reported in the reception 3 times. Now we have given up. Dont want to spend our time talking to the reception. We are here for…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Terrible to start with, then turned to very good...","We were allowed to check-in early at 10am for a 2-night stay at no extra cost, great start to the breakaway. Given room 2001 on the 20th floor and it was awful! Stained carpets, to chipped skirting doors and frames, musty smell, badly condensation windows that you couldn't see out. Smelly bathroom with several stains around the corners. Poor shower with missing parts. Worn table and badly worn wonky chair. Only 2 tv channels worked with a poor quality picture. No info in the room as in for room service, details of the hotel and what was on offer etc.  But that didn't stop us going out into London for the day. We complained that night once we returned but were told the hotel was fully booked, they couldn't do anything! The next day we were moved to a lovely room (1512) on the…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The place to stay in London.,Home away from home. The place to stay in London. Large selection of rooms. Great variety of breakfast items. Underground nearby. Great views. Friendly staff.                         Short walking distance to Paddington Station for Heathrow Express.,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Sti the same 'bloated' hotel it always was, now starting to look worn around the edges","They've improved the Check-in (now with a dedicated HH Gold/Diamond Queue👍). Rooms are better in the 'West Wing', though they are starting to show signs of age (stains on the Chair, chips/damage on wooden Wardrobe). Breakfast is still a nightmare with BIG queues - thankfully they have an Exec Lounge where you can grab it, and also check out too 👍 Price is not bad for London, fine for an overnight stay - go elsewhere if you are staying longer in London and want want something more 'homely' ",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hall,Was ok not the greatest for what I paid for one night barely any of the restaurants shown was actually open also a woman got stuck in the lift for over an hour and they were so rude to her overall I think it’s a ridiculous hotel that needs a lot of work,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend,When we arrived the check in queue was enormous. Finally after checking in I arrived in the room only to discover it was a twin room and not the double that we had booked. I decided to keep the room with my fiancé as we didn’t want to queue again to change rooms. Otherwise an ok stay,Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful,"Dirty.  Tired.  Terrible service. Avoid.   1.  Arrived at 1 pm after 12 hour flight from LA. Told to come back in 2 hours and room would be ready. Came back at 4 (3 hours later). Room not ready. Numerous excuses.  5 pm. Room not ready.  No apologies. No solutions. Lies, then more lies, as to the delay and time when room would be ready.   2.  When room was finally available, it was absolutely disgusting.  See photos.  I simply left the hotel (no refund) and went across town to The Goring - which was absolutely lovely.   ",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,If you like queues you will love this hotel...,"Ridiculously lengthy check in, dated and tired bathroom, tatty carpets, huge breakfast queue, far too cold swimming pool, steam room out of order, need I go on? a substandard overpriced Hilton - avoid!",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing!,"Stayed here overnight on business. Check in didn’t go well as the key to my room didn’t work (was very finicky). Had to go 6 flights back down to reception to resolve, even afterwards it didn’t work 80% of the time. My room was very dated and had a weird smell. The carpets were stained in several places and the air conditioning didn’t work at all, only made noise. The tv, even though it was a flatscreen, only had 5 working channels, with the rest being news channels. The fact that I didn’t even get freebies channels isn’t right for the price paid. The bathroom was very old and dated and had cracks along the bath. The shower faucets didn’t have labels or anything on them so it was just a guessing game when going for a shower. The bed was comfy but that was really the only thing…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful.,"Very poor. I was so unimpressed with the hotel. I had booked 2 nights, and i was forced to stay my second night elsewhere. Very dated. Very dirty. Very smelly. Bathrooms are extremely substandard. Entrance nice. But the rooms are so shabby and dirty i cannot even explain how poor it is. Doors are dirty. Carpets have not ever been hoovered. I have complained to the manager but have not yet recieved a response. Do not book this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Simple,"After arriving the queue was massive to check in, I’d highly recommend doing a digital check in before arriving using the Hilton Honours App.   After receiving our room, a King bed and bathroom. The quality of the room was average. Very old worn carpet, old tv, bathroom tiles with seals missing, scuffed and chipped skirting and walls. Our bed mattresses had been worn so much that it was sunken on one side. No love has been put into maintaining the quality of the rooms sadly. But there has been a lot of effort put into the the outside, bars and lobby.   Breakfast was included and it was very comprehensive with an assortment of fruits, continental foods and pastries.   The staff were great and looked after us and treated everyone equally and respectfully.  On this occasion I would…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Need refurbishing! ,"The location is convenient, huge space for conventions. However the services are lousy, the rooms are small and old, the beds are too old they sink. Despite their slogan “make it right”, the following are some of the incidents during my stay: 1. Check in process was unacceptably slow and all messed up. A few of my colleagues didn’t get a room despite booking confirmations and details furnished. The reception simply says that they are not in the record. There was one other person seen cursing the front desk as his booking is messed up and he has to find another place to stay.  2. Bad bed- the bed sinks and the reception kept yawning and took more than 1/2 hour to find another room for me. Eventually she didn’t offer any room change and simply said “my shift will end at xxx hour”,…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A big Disappointment,"This hotel is definitely overrated. I have spent here 2 nights and the conditions are far from what is expected from a 4 star hotel.  I can’t believe that Hilton brand offers such a poor accommodation and ask for 200 pounds per night. Shame!  These hotel rooms have not been refurbished since too many years. The hotel lobby is nice, but once you get in the rooms, the conditions are getting worse: dirty carpet, rust in the bathroom, dirty bathtub, etc.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dirty,Stayed here for only one night thankfully  The hotel is well positioned for parking and access to underground lines The hotel is need of refurbishment with signs of poor maintenance - one photo attached  The window in the room did not close properly and the bedding was filthy - two photos attached  All 7 items of the cooked buffet breakfast I selected were Luke warm  A hotel to avoid !,Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Greate lobby, shaby rooms","Had booked one night for a business trip, and was given a room from a diferent age! It was old and worn and smeld awfull. Had to get a new room. The new room was mutch better. Good servise when I requested the new room.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel ever,"This hotel is not Hilton worthy. Rooms and entire hotel are worn out. Unfriendly staff and rip off. Booked hotel via booking (including breakfast), and they charged us for breakfast because it wasn’t mentioned in their booking system properly. ",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very convenient location, near Paddington and Bakerloo Tube","Love the convenience of this hotel - not only it’s location, but the services offered within the hotel. Desk staff are very friendly and accommodating. The concierge service is staffed by people who are very knowledgeable. There is an in-house restaurant and bar, as well as a pantry-type cafe to pick up casual food throughout the day. Restaurants abound right around the hotel, a pharmacy immediately across the street (just steps away) is a great go-to for various items (even plug adapters, which I managed to leave at home). Additionally, Paddington Station is a short walk away (great for venturing by rail to places outside of London, like Windsor Castle, as well as frequent Heathrow Express service to and from Heathrow Airport). Even closer is the Edgware Tube stop on the…",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business conference ,Annoying elevators and poor plumbing! Several of my associates as well as myself had leaking sinks in our rooms.  The elevators for a conference of 1000 people were slow with no way to walk up to the rooms.  The staff are reasonable - polite and professional.  The food at the conference was mediocre at best.  The hotel restaurant staff seems to have a problem scrambling eggs- loose and watery.  Rooms are basically clean otherwise but are in need of updating.  Only USB port in room is in back of tv.  Coffee in room is instant.  Rooms have a safe which is good and good lighting.  Beds are firm to the point of being hard.,Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Front desk excellent service ,"Had a great check-in experience from Nabil. Room upgrade and very courteous service above and beyond. Stay here regularly as near Heathrow Express and Tube. Highly recommend this hotel. Convenient, had a huge conference going on and still managed to treat individual guests very well.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor customer service,After queuing up for 10 minutes I was told I would have to wait for my room to be cleaned. My luggage was kept by them and when I came back to check into my room (using their 24 hour concierge) they just got my bag and left leaving me with a lot of luggage to move around to try and find someone else to help. They weren't very helpful directing/helping me to my room and when I finally got there the key didn't work. I asked for security to come and help which after half an hour I gave up with that too! Apart from that the room was ok.,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton I've stayed in,"I've stayed in the London Metropole a couple of times now, all on business and each time the experience get's worse. To start with my key card would not open the door ... trek all the way back to reception for a re-issue. get to room, open and it's already occupied ... THEY GAVE ME KEY TO SOMEONE ELSE'S ROOM !! Trek back to reception for 3rd time, get the right key to the right room on the right floor at last. The room itself is tiny with dated interior, the most basic TV channels and a bathroom that is soooo old fashioned I almost expected coal fired water heaters.  The room rate and the value are in different worlds ... this is basically a rip off for a very poorly run and dated establishment. All the money has been spent on the lobby and unless you get allocated a room on one…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Renovated king deluxe high floors big improvement ,First stay here for some time. Tower wing improved rooms are much better. Well stocked exec lounge is well worth extra with complimentary meal and drinks amble for evening meal. Fitness room and pool good size. Venue is handy for tube just over the road. ,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Are you kidding me?,"Seldom I saw an hotel where price / value is so much out of line.  If you want to go retro fine: take a look at the bathroom: Sovjet Union 1980.  Half of the light in my room were broken, chair at the desk is broken and does not even fit. Television; 6 channels with misty programs. Room completely worn out.  Room very noisy during the night. Not just traffic but lots of machinery that seems to keep the hotel alive.  In the bar the weighted insisted on us to pay... we were just ordering and wanted to have a few drinks and a snack. Do we really need to pay each drink apart?...  How is this possible for this price.  Shame on you Hilton",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice Hilton in a great location.,Very nice property located on Edgware Road across the street from the Underground Station. Easy walk to Marble Arch and Park Lane. Room was spotless and well appointed. The breakfast served at the Fiamma restaurant was very nice with a huge selection of items. Staff were attentive and friendly. Would recommend. ,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,Nice hotel with fantastic amenities- car parking was very reasonable and Hotel was very clean. I didn’t have time to sample the restaurant or breakfast however I will be returning for a more relaxed stay! ,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Horrible check-in/out experience, cold room temperature","The check-in/out experience at the reception feels like an airport check-in. There are too many people, too little staff and a long line of people waiting to get checked-in/out. Not very nice welcoming experience. The hotel itself is really big and spiritless. The biggest problem was the room temperature which was close to 17C. We called the reception and they brought us movable radiator. With the radiator and the room central heating full on we got the temperature up to 20C which was pleasant but during the night it again dropped to freezing 17C. In general the hotel and facilities are somewhat run down. The breakfast was really good and the location near Paddington station is very good.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The housekeeping service was poor,"We had 4 people in our group and it was noted in the reservation. However, we only had towels and all necessary items for only 2 people for the first 4 or 5 days and we needed to call housekeeping service to request for additional towels every night when we came back. Sometimes, it took more than 2 hours to have the items delievered.   Every time when we called, we asked the agent to leave a notes notifying the housekeeping agent that we had 4 people in the room and need 4 towels, but it seems the notes went to nowhere.   So on 4th or 5th day, we came to the front desk to file our complaints and luckily the front desk agent and the supervisor were able to help us out. They promised that they would communicate this request to the housekeeping department and ensure we did get all…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton on the planet?,"Could this be the worst Hilton hotel on the planet? I'm a Diamond member, so I stay with Hilton a lot, and I'm shocked that this property is allowed to fly the Hilton flag.   My Executive King room (442) was in dire need of refurbishment. The curtains were stained and hanging off their rails, the carpet was filthy and I don't even want to think about the nature of the stains on the desk chair. I reported the curtain problem and asked for someone to fix them while I was out, but nobody bothered.   The taps in the bathroom were a complete mystery.  Sometimes hot water came out of the cold tap and cold water came out of the hot tap.  Sometimes hot water came out of both taps. How does that even happen?    The bed was rock hard and creaked loudly every time I moved.   The shower had…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible - go somewhere else,"I’ve stayed here several times before but I can’t tell you have disappointing my recent stay here was.   The standard of the room, the queues, and the ‘couldn’t give a flying one’ attitude of so many of the staff.    Once you get past the glitz of the reception and lobby areas, it all starts to go downhill fast.  I’d booked an upgraded room.  It was tiny, in a really bad state of repair and grubby throughout.   I asked the receptionist to confirm that I had in fact been given the right room and his answer was “well you should see how bad the standard rooms are”.   I just couldn’t believe such a response.  The breakfast area is too small with too few staff clearing away.  It’s no wonder there are such queues.   And the quality of the food has gone downhill noticeably, especially…",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really poor,"Good - hotel staff   bad - uncomfy bed - really really loud fan/heating - even when you turn off the heating still a loud noise from the bathroom so slept very badly - stained room - bad paint etc in room - shower goes from hot to cold to hot - really cold so hard to turn off heating  - ridiculously overpriced drinks. Do not drink here  Honestly you are better going to a travelodge, at least they get the basics right",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Shabby !,"We were met by a 40 minute queue to check in, while the staff at the empty “priority” check in desk chatted amongst themselves. Rm 354: there were burn holes in the curtains and the lining of them was stained with mildew. There was mildew around the window which was locked shut. The room was hideously hot and the air conditioning was next to useless. I don’t think the doors have ever been wiped down, the grime was disgusting. The shower screen leaked soaking the floor. The whole room needs renovation, it’s tired and dirty. The mini bar was unstocked, the fridge didn’t work. We were going to complain on check out but didn’t fancy another 40 minute queue. For a central London hotel it was very disappointing, I’ve stayed in cleaner motels for a fraction of the price.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very poor service,"I’m a very much frequent traveller, and I can rate this hotel as the worst in Hilton chains hotels, and worst hotel ever.. Housekeeping is very bad, cleanliness of the room was awful (Many times I found that they didn’t even change the cups of the coffee).  Also, you need to request everything like literally everything including shower caps, and cotton pads, & slippers (and it takes forever to bring it to them room upon request) No still water, they ask you to drink from the bathroom (even if it’s drinkable water, as HILTON hotels you cannot ask your guests to drink from the tab if they are not used to it) I stayed for 7-8 days, and really it was the worst hotel ever. ",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Experienced delightful customer service from the Edg Bar Manager - Francesco,I recently visited the Edg Bar whilst attending a 5 day event at the Hotel. To my delight I experienced the epitome of customer service. I made a very specific request at the bar and had to call for the attention of the manager. Francesco presented himself and was very obliging and non judgmental. He was very considerate and impressed me with his tact in dealing with my request. He's an asset to the company and I wanted to make sure that he received some form of acknowledgment from his superiors. Well done. Cannot wait to visit the bar again.,Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bit of a let down,"Small room, basically 1ft gap around the bed  , empty fridge not even water, dont bother to pre buy breakfast at least a 30 min wait to get into the small restaurant, not worth the almost £300 for a  nights stay",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing ,"Location good, breakfast extensive, staff helpful despite the manic surroundings.  That’s all that I can find good to say. We were on the 22nd floor and It was very dated and scruffy, in desperate need of refurbishing.  The smell was awful, it smelt and felt damp and after two nights we both felt quite ill. Couldn’t open a window to try to air the room.  The room itself was shabby, bed uncomfortable, everything in need of some tlc.  The bathroom was basic and a bit grim, towel rail loose, shower leaky.  Had to queue for ages to get breakfast.  I’m surprised that Hilton have their name associated with such sub-standard accommodation.  Will never stay here again and to be honest, if that’s how Hilton feel about their customers then I’m not sure I’ll stay at a Hilton again.  ",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,6 Night stay in October 2019,"We arrived in the late evening, unpacked and went downstairs to the bar to have a drink. Returned to the room after a long day  of travelling, got ready for bed,  laid down on my bed and said to myself Really?? Really?? This is a Hilton?  The mattress was just terrible,  I mean really uncomfortable. At this point it was too late to do anything, slept fitfully as a result. We had twin beds,  the other bed was ok. In the morning we went to the front desk to explain that either the mattress needed to be changed or they needed to give us a new room. Marcel at the front desk was very helpful and apologetic about the situation. He gave us another room ( larger I might add - at no additional charge) told us to go and check out the beds and let us know if it was suitable. It was ok and…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,My god what a disastrous experience of Hilton. Even after being silver member quite a bad experience at check in.  The hotel requires complete overhaul and renovation check the pics door have lost polish accessories inside have rusted. And all above the door lock battery went off and we had to wait to enter our own room!!😫,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel. ,"The reviews of this hotel cannot do justice to the vast size of this place.   The size is a great thing in some ways, it’s often one of the last Hilton hotels in the area to have rooms available. It does however mean that there is no sense of intimacy.   The check in desks were thankfully quiet when we arrived but the look of a row of check in desks with a queueing system is more something I’d associate with the horrors of an airport.   The location of the hotel is perfect for many people traveling into or around London. It’s a short walk from Paddington Station and it’s sheer size means it’s opposite not one but two tube stations. Those planning to use the London Underground can easily walk to either the Bakerloo Line Edgware Road Station or the SSR Edgeware Road stationer…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Amazing lobby, great service but very average accommodation sadly","As you walk through the doors, you can not help but be impressed, the welcome and staff attention is excellent but once you get beyond that, what you have is a tired looking hotel, certainly in the wing I was staying, as a Hilton Honours member. Hotels, in their very nature get battered day in day out, my room, with a view of nothing but concrete had obviously had a hard life.   The other issue was the noise, unsure whether there was a party going on in the corridor but surely hotels nowadays need to be aware of people shouting and screaming, banging doors etc for the sake of their guests? no? is it just me that expects a good nights sleep maybe? I just don't think it was worth what I paid for the room, various brands are more competitive than Hilton, the HIX for example offers…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton I Have Ever Stayed In,"Hilton are always my hotel of choice when travelling and this was by far the worst I have ever stayed in. The room was disgusting, the bed was rock solid and lumpy, there were holes in the walls with screws jammed in them, the bathroom was falling apart and there was an all together tatty and unkempt feel to the room. Stay away from this hotel unless you want to pay above and beyond for horrible accommodation.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible,One of my worst experiences in a hotel. I’ve stayed at many hotels and have never seen such unaccommodating staff. I’ve been staying in this hotel every time I visit the UK and haven’t been disappointed to this extent prior to this visit. The standards and service in this hotel is deteriorating rapidly. A lady came to the reception while I was checking in to complain that sewerage water was regurgitating from the bathtub in the room that was assigned to her and that her entire floor reeked of that sewerage. ,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,December visit.,"My friends and I stayed here last weekend and although the rooms were a little tired looking and dated, we enjoyed the overall experience. Staff we very friendly, particularly Mamur on reception. He was so professional, attentive and efficient, which made are check in easier. Breakfast was lovely.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Disappointing stay, We stay at hotels in London regularly but have never had to queue and wait 40 minutes to check in.. Hotel lobby is nice and impressive but our room on the eleventh whilst having a nice view had little more. It was in much need of a refurb and looked like a room from the 1980s with an outdated faded carpet, brown old looking empty mini bar and generally pretty dirty and tatty. A panel hiding the air condition fell off nearly hitting my sons foot... Our friends room on the eight floor was no better.....  Mentioned to the manager who didn’t really seem to care, offered a voucher for 2 drinks (voucher 2061) only for a soft drink, beer or wine..... After having stayed at the fantastic Hilton on Park Lane only the week before we felt really let down by this…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible stay at Hilton Hotel Metropole,Tried to book with Hilton Direct and they tried to make me pay £400 per night when on trip advisor it was £177 per night and would not match. I'm glad I didnt pay full price as room and service was a disgrace. Even at the bar I was charged one price and then for the same drink I was charged £5 more until I brought it up. I will be staying at another Hilton Hotel I  London this weekend again so I will see how they go. Dont stay at the Hilton Metropol find another Hilton .,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible ,"This hotel is a nightmare Old, smelly, cold, humid I asked to fix my room temperature and you can see from the picture an old hearing system  Shower falling apart Room ventilation does not exist Bathroom need a full renovation  So disappointed  And the gym is old and the ventilation does not work, you can’t breathe  Never again ",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible customer service! ,"Stayed here over the weekend for NMT Awards, was not happy with standard of room for the money we paid, was advised to go back to reception and that they would sort this. When we arrived at reception a young man on reception basically told us that as we were with the awards that is the room you get!! We added that the room was like a box, dirty with the bath panel falling off and much more, basically they couldn’t do anything! A few more issues with staff and their lack of customer service , basically ignoring mistakes made when told about them and also questioning what we were telling them and not to mention attempting to keep £7.50 as a tip without being offered this! I will never ever stay or recommend this hotel !! Added the picture that was in the room, clearly untrue ! ",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location and really lovely,Read lots of bad reviews and was really worried about weekend.The Christmas decorations were the first thing you see as you enter the hotel and they were amazing.The bar cofffee shop was really good.When we got to our room it was spacioius towels andbedding lovely and white. Coffee and tea making in room.Bed really comfortable. We could not find any fault with this hotel. We were on the 17th flooor,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,NMT Awards,Stayed here with 9 other colleagues for the NMT awards this year....firstly there was a mix up at checkout which wasn’t easily or quickly resolved which could have been....after waiting in the already 20-30 min check in queue it was just a joke...hooray we are all checked in to find all of our rooms are mikes from each other and what do you know one of the rooms was already occupied....AWKWARD!!!!another stomp down to reception and another 20mins later we are all in our room....baking hot...felt like a sauna...rooms are dated and small and seriously  lack plug sockets in the right places...the bathrooms are disgusting and all of us experienced cleaning issues...had I paid for the room myself I would have kicked off royally but the company had paid...drink prices are…,Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,WINNER OF WORST BEDS IN LONDON FOR ANOTHER YEAR RUNNING!,"Everything about this place works from a company POV, location, space (we've held our awards here every year since 2001) and size, but the lack of investment year after year in the quality of bed frames and mattresses is shocking, so i have to write something, if you move in the night because of the rock hard 'no give' mattress you'll make the base creak so loud you'll wake up your neighbours and in the morning you'll look forward to getting home to your own bed to catch up on the sleep you've lost that night. Penny pinching here because they can get away with it. Stay buy all means - just ask for a bed that's younger than 15 years old! ",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Second visit- it’s sadly declining,"This is the second time I have used this hotel, both for work functions. The first time I had a 7th floor room and it was reasonable if a little tired then. This time I was in the tower wing on 23rd floor. It was more tired than a new parent   The room was freezing with no working temperature controls. Not ideal as it was just as we entered the most recent cold snap. I couldn’t see out of the window due to condensation.   I was in a function in the kings suite and there were not toilets on that floor. So you had to go up or down each time you needed to go out.  The bars set up for this event had tills to pay for drinks but you weren’t able to charge to anything to your room.   Overall disappointing at £210 for the night",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor,"A mixed review, but this wasn’t a great stay...sadly a hotel in need of updating and change.....oh and staff training! Reception lines too long, wait ages for a drink, bar staff no training, room tired and small (despite paying £186!). The worst thing, why does the water from the shower smell bad?",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor Service,Stayed here whilst in London at a National Conference. Already had checked in online via the app so oteseumed the process would be simple when I got there later about 10pm. Turned up and the queue for reception was very long worh only a couple people at the desk. Asked if someone could pass me my key after checking in on line to be told I would have to queue. So what is the benefit of doing this on line. The app also asked if you wanted to pick a room which I did only to get a room which I did not choose. I explained this to the chap on the desk only to be told this is my room. Frustrating service which sadly is the face of the hotel  Could do so much better especially for the price,Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Even if they pay you, don’t stay here - the world’s worst Hilton","Sadly I’ve had the misfortune of staying here twice in 5 years. And it has only gotten worse. First time I stayed here they were renovating parts of the hotel and I thought maybe that’s why it was in such a bad shape. I was wrong. Of the many worse things in this hotel, the worst is the staff. Lacking courtesy, will blatantly lie to you and will be least interested in customer service (they will actually hide if you approach them 😂). This is most particular of the staff at the reception and when you make the mistake of calling room service or housekeeping.  The rooms are poorly designed, things don’t work as you would imagine, the shower is kind of a spray, there will likely be an odor in your bathroom or the passage... and so on.  And the experience won’t leave you even after…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Unacceptable staff attitude and poor room equipment,"I stayed there just once in November 2019 and it will stay the only and last time I did so. They have a weird policy with regards to the executive room where liquor and treats were available for just 2 hours in the evening. The reason behind this policy is obvious.  As far as the room I was in is concerned, it was a desaster. There are no outlets in the bed area and the scariest thing is the fact that the A/C was not working properly. Basically the thing was just producing cold air and would not warm up at all. The room was as cold as they come. I called the front desk and they forgot to send someone to have a look. At least this is their version of the history. I would not be surprised, if they made this up. One way or another, theyhave sent their so called maintenance man…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Desperate need of a renovation,"Stayed for 1 night with work, glad I wasn't paying.  Negatives: Room looked around 20 years dated. Two lights did not work. Old empty smelly mini bar still in room. Tv basic channels only. Carpets bumpy and stained. Could hear other rooms.  Positives: Shower was good/clean. Staff were friendly/approachable.  £169 was paid for a Thursday night. If I was paying I would not pay more than £50. Premier inn's tend to be the same, if not better.  Hilton should really review some of their portfolio like this. They are demanding a premium price but with a budget style room. As it stands I would not recommend.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Huge place, nice room, kind of noisy if families are staying next door","I stayed here as part of my continuing effort to find a decent hotel within walking distance of Paddington station.  This place can get very busy, as it was when I checked in on a Saturday afternoon--a 15-minute wait in line to check in, though I will say they had every one of the desk clerks working.  I was told that my room wasn't ready yet, though it was after 2pm check-in time.  I wasn't too enthused about it, and the desk clerk asked me to wait just a minute.  She then went and called housekeeping and found me a room that was ready.  I appreciated this.  The room was in the ""west wing"", which appears to be the newer part, and the room was nicely appointed.  The only problem was that, even though the floors are concrete, they resonate the sound of people--specifically, young…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average,"Whilst the hotel public areas are very nice our room was drab, dingy and badly in need of a makeover. It wasn’t cheap- I paid £158 per night without breakfast so was expecting a much better room than this. It clearly hasn’t had an update in well over a decade and it shows. I know they have better rooms than this because I’ve stayed in one before. Very disappointing stay. ",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Couples escape,"Great day, pool was nearly empty when we went, sooo good and clean, lunch in EDG was great, dinner was so good, we ate so much, Loved it! We will definitely come back, and can't wait for the apres 23 bar to be opened to walk ins!",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shocking hotel,"Dilapidated room, dirty, dead flies, dust, dirty carpets, over-priced, dirty bedding, poor management not wanting to deal with the complaint. Offered resolution of discount and upgrade on next stay, tried to take them up on it and they stated fully booked. However, their own website had availability of all room types for the date specified. A damaging attitude to the excellent Hilton brand. could go on further but they aren't worth it - very, very disappointing! :-(",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staff and room,The room we stayed in was dated and badly in need of upgrading the bathroom smelt of urine and could do with a lick of paint i would of complained but hardly any of the staff could speak good english the cleaning staff couldn't speak any english who would have thought a hotel in london would have had this sort of problem its ridiculous the only good thing about staying at this hotel was the breakfast,Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very cold room!,"My company insists on sending me to this place. Last week I was on the ""Executive 5th Floor"" in name only. A very cold room, basic amenities and well overdue for revamping plus overlooking the 24 hour busy and very noisy Edgware Road.  The only bonus was the good breakfast but the peak times - long ques - must be avoided. Regrettably i am back there again next month. Groan!",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money,"While the exterior and interior of the hotel are nicely furnished, the room that I received was poorly maintained. Aside from it being old, there were visible stains on the carpet, a wobbly/broken table, and a desk chair with peeling faux leather. Worst of all, was the wrong smell of mold in the bathroom. It felt like I was in a budget hotel...not what I expected from Hilton! I wouldn't recommend it.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London’s Retreat,The hotel has an attractive location particularly for travelers from the Middle East. The quality of staff in terms of attendance to the guests’ need is exceptional. The value for money is reasonably accepted in comparison to London’s 5 star hotels although it is not classified as a 5 star category!,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Faulty Towers doesn’t come close,"Although I travel frequently and have experienced bumps along the way, I’ve never felt the need to leave negative feedback on here. However, my experience at this behemoth Hilton last week was so farcical that I feel that I need to warn others off....  Check-in last was fast and efficient but it rapidly went down hill from there. After going out for dinner I came back to the room to find my bag on the floor (rather than on bed where I’d left it) and curtains opened (previously closed). I assumed my room had just been turned down until I found someone else’s brief case in the wardrobe!  Phoned guest services and was told “that sounds scary but I don’t have a clue what is going on”. However they assured me that they would investigate and send someone up to room with explanation…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not a good value for price, really needs innovation.","I stayed in this hotel during a conference. I paid 190 pounds a night for my room and expected the room to justify it. I got a small and very old room with a view to the wall of the building next to it. The mattress was old and horrible. Moreover, it was very cold in the room, so I had to call maintenance to take care of it. The maintenance arrived quite fast and fixed the heating, but it took a couple of hours until the temperature rose (it still didn't get too warm). Next morning I complained to the receptionist about the room. She said she understands it, this wing is very old and needs renovation, and she offered me an upgrade, but for extra 35 pounds - that was a discounted price, but still not free. The new room was much better, but still old and with an old and…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just another semi-good hotel in London.,"Just another semi-good hotel in London. The beds are quite squeaky and not so comfortable. On my room the TV didn't work, and the Internet connection was next to unusable (getting disconnected every 2 minutes).",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but overpriced and needs renovation","The hotel is conveniently located near the Underground station. However, it was way overpriced. The bed was uncomfortable, the bedside lamps were dusty, the bedside socket would only work when one of the lights was on. The sofas in the breakfast area were dirty and worn out. One of the reception staff members was rude and unhelpful.",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Consistent slow horrible service,"I have been 3x and each time, the service is extremely slow. They usually have 1 -2 servers for the entire dining room, which is fairly large. The food is below average and the service is horrid. Go elsewhere,",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Desperate need of updating rooms,"As Hilton Gold members, we’ve stayed here a few times in the family room. Never had a problem and always been happy with family rooms (even though our last family room, the bed had been slept in on arrival!!!) This time it was just the two of us staying so had a double room. We were told we had been upgraded on check-in to an Executive Room (apparently the same room but with access to Executive Lounge (which we’ve always had so no real benefit to us). The double room was on Level 3 and we could tell as soon as we came out the lift, the standard of the walls (peeling) and carpet (grubby) - the room was no better than a 3*. The carpets were again grubby, scuff marks on the furniture and a bathroom which looked as if it had come from the 1980s. Needless to say we went back to…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms need to be updated.,"The room we stayed in was very out dated for a Hilton.  Staff was friendly when they could be found, but often had to wait a long time for service whether it was at the front desk, bar area or luggage check.  ",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge and impersonal,"The hotel is insanely large.  Depending where your room is, it can be a 10 minute walk from where you enter.  The beds were hard as rocks and the air conditioning/heat kept the room too warm for comfort for me.  The price was decent, but i would not choose to stay here again.  It clearly caters to the convention crowd.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs a bit more attention to facilities and customer experience.,"Stayed here for 5 nights on a recent business trip, that included leading a series of workshops in the hotel's conference/meeting facilities.  The hotel was very heavily booked with guests and meetings.  The location is very good.  The bedrooms are spacious and quiet.  However the internet connectivity in the bedrooms is poor.  On several occasions I was timed out and had to wait until the following morning to deal with e-mails.  There is no IT or A-V support in the hotel itself and everything is outsourced to a service operation - which is not very helpful and slow to respond.  The meeting rooms are small - they seem to be converted bedrooms.  Whole offering is in need of an upgrade to meet contemporary competitive standards.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,MAKE SURE TO STAY IN ON OF THE REFURBISHED ROOMS,"This hotel is super busy and full of people and business groups at all hours. The rooms that have not yet been refurbished are disgusting and if you get stuck in one of them you will have a miserable experience (smell, old furniture, awful bathroom, non-working tv, etc.). The new rooms (which i did get moved to) were much nicer. The location is great for me and my office which is why i choose the place.  ",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Close this hotel and renovate,"Horrible! I don’t understand how Hilton accept such hotel with a clear lack of quality and customer appreciation. East wing room are worse. Spots everywhere. Reception cheats Diamond members. Instead of an already selected renovated room to recommended the East wing. Unbelievable. And: don’t expect upgrades if you’re a Diamond. You get what you booked. Other issues: no warm water, ac not working, lifts are usually slow ",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Incredible Stay,"I stayed at Hilton Metropole with my family, and I have to say, everything was beyond my expectations. The hotel is very big, right in front of an underground station and to many markets and other commerce, and there are three restaurants inside, and the food is so delicious that we decided to have dinner every 5 days we stayed in the Hotel. The staff is great, at the check in Floor was very attentive and gave us a nice room on the same floor. And at the restaurant, the waitress Marion and the Cook Rafaella gave us an outstanding service every day of our stay. We will definitely recommend the property.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beware empty promises,"I have stayed here twice recently; both five-night stays.  For the first stay, I did a check-in online to a room in the West Wing with two beds.  At reception I was told I had been upgraded to a 'superior' room in the Tower wing.  This turned out to be a really small room and I asked for a bigger room.  I was provided with their 'largest room' which essentially was the same as the one I'd self checked-in to.  Empty upgrade promise #1.  For my second stay, I did online check-in again and this time choose what looked like a larger room in the Tower wing.  At reception I was offered an upgrade to a 'superior' room with two beds in the West wing.  I did take this after seeing my Tower wind room faced the big grey wall of the adjacent tower.  Strangely, my upgraded room was the same…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I was upgraded,"Thank god. I don’t want to think about what kind of room I would have stayed in if I hadn’t been upgraded at check-in. The only positive comments I have  about this place is the friendly quick check-in. And the good WIFI. As the many facilities. As well as breakfast. Nothing else to say. Room was old. Small. Without view. No electric socket next to the bed. Iron half working. Iron board dirty. Mini bar empty and not cooling. Bathroom was dated and need urgent remodelling . Killed a small bug in it. Don’t want to know what it was. Cracked paint around the bath. Marks on the sink.  And I might be wrong but after many tries, I found out how to get cold water in the sink... turn the shower tap to cold....Amazing invention... Bedroom... clean, for sure. No dust.  Hole in carpet. Bed…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton standard! 2 Star experience for 4 star price,"Poor quality in room with broken bed, shower, towel racks, rotten wood in bathroom, light bulb. Not worth the price even though location is good. Hotels with much higher standard and lower price in the area.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay-  Executive lounge ,"Lovely stay for 2 nights, stayed in room 625, lovely clean room, only thing was we bit cold at night. Had Executive lounge lovely breakfast and snacks throw out the day and happy hour 6-8 at evening with hot food served. Staff very helpful we got late check out which was great. After reading all the other reviews we were going to cancel and pick another hotel but we are glad we didn’t, this is are 4th stay here and again we had a great time. Super location ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing room,"Overnight stay on Saturday night staying on the 10th floor of the Tower block. The room was very dated and to be quite honest, shabby. Large red stains on the carpet. Room very cold, heating system did not work. Vents for heating/air conditioning system were dirty and had items stuffed in them (see photos). The side of the bath was badly damaged and some tiles in the shower were mouldy. The fridge did not work and was pointless. No option of spare pillows or blankets in wardrobe. Noisy on occasion from other guests down the corridor screaming and shouting late at night.  Breakfast style buffet was tasty and able to eat as much as you wanted. Staff were helpful and very efficient in seating you and their turnover in very busy environment.  Second visit to this hotel - last visit…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay with a coach trip,"On an overnight stay to the Tutankhamen Exhibition with a coach party. The room was in their tower block on the third floor, Room 305 is opposite the lifts and only discovered the following morning that the intermittent swishing noise we heard was the lift action. The room was small, twin bedded but clean. I usually wipe round. Spartan supplies of tea, coffee & milk. A large free standing television on a non operational fridge which took up room. One bucket chair, It was not until early evening we discovered that the warm air heating was only putting out cold air, and the ambient temperature became colder than I would like. Two hours, two calls to reception and a personal visit, resulted in a staff member bringing an oil filled heater which was slightly warmer  and had to be put…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Night away to remember a family member who passed away,Hotel staff were rude ! Rooms were tatty and smelt. Rooms were not what we booked. Wasn’t even a bed in the room for my son.son is diabetic and autistic the situation caused him extreme anxiety.had to argue about rooms to get them changed . Asked that someone come and see what the problems with rooms were but they would not! Three rooms booked all had problems.didnt get to use the pool as didn’t have time due to arguing over rooms( booked hotel because it had a pool) . Have complained and offered to pay money back for one cheapest room! Although whole experience was ruined. Very expensive night at a very sensitive time. Do not stay here ! Don’t know how this can be classed as 4 star hotel Son took pictures of chair in room unfortunately I didn’t get any others . Wish I had!,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shoddy Room,"Triple room 1113 really not what you would expect from a Hilton. Very dated and shoddy although clean. Large orange stains on the carpet. Broken fridge, broken analogue TV.  Dull dated decor. Milk, tea not replenished. The location was good.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Definitely not a Hilton,"From the moment you check in the old tiny ugly room, to finding the broken window lock, to opening the broken TV, to calling the reception and they tell you that they know that the TV is broken in these old rooms that are located in the old Tower. It is a below average Hotel, that does not worth more than $100 per night. I’m comparing to Marriott Chain, where I’m a Gold Elite member there. I just had to stay at this Hilton for the convince of a business meeting that was located on the same hotel.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shocking,"- Old, non refurbished hotel, in an overall horrible state (hardened chewing gum stuck to the hand rail in the elevator) - Small room, hard beds, blackened carpet, mouldy shower tiles - Air conditioning not working at all - the room was about 10 degrees too cold, necessitating two blankets to even sleep. Staff offered a portable radiator (which is a riddiculous notion in itself), which obviously never appeared. - Room key not working on the last day, despite re-programming it 3 times. Plan ahead to waste about 45 minutes at checkout while trying to catch your flight.  Dont stay here. Ever.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nova,The first executive room that I have assigned is really run down. The air conditioning and the refrigerator were not working. Therefore I paid extra to upgrade to a superior room which was a lot better and it was at a different wing of the hotel. The air conditioning was good. Room was spacious enough. Water pressure of shower is not high enough. WiFi is good. Location of hotel is also good with Mark & Spencer opposite the hotel and subway within 3 minutes walk. Have issue with housekeeping because housekeeping lady insisted that the room has to be cleaned before 11am or else she wouldn’t do it. Have arrangement with the reception to have the room clean by 3pm each day then but the cleaning lady still came early. Have issue with the door key once and have waited two hours for…,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Gotta do better,"Stayed here for 7 days for a business trip. I’ve stayed here before and chose it for its prime location. Hotel is generally kept well in lobby. Room and floors are tired. A/C wasn’t working in my room, called to fix it and maintenance vacuumed the blower vent area. Still didn’t work great rest of week. Room would not go below 72f.  Two elevators in my tower were acting up all days. One went down for 4 days of my stay. Made for long waits for an elevator.  Very frustrating stay. Will not go back.",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst hotel I have ever been,"I have stayed at this hotel 03.11.2019 - 05.11.2019 , room number was 502.  Actually in my whole life I have not stayed in a hotel which is more dirty and old, The pictures will be a proove of my words. It is shame on HILTON, as I understood Hilton is just so called world hotel chain. I have stayed in many hostels in europe but no one have those room conditions not even close. I hope management will see my comment, do you understand that I compare your hotel with a hostel ??  The hotel is just waste of money,I regret all the time that I Spent there and thanks god it was only fot 2 days... The girl from reseption baisicly told me that ı am not the first one who complained about that and not will be last one.   I am looking forward  for the full compensation...",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It was really a lousy experience ,"I had a very bad experience with this hotel despite the appreciation I always had for Hilton as a brand and experience   - First we were given a room in the “Tower” section that was old, smelly with an outdated bathroom and the room had problems with the TV, we asked for someone to fix it and the lady unintentionally mentioned that they are aware of the problem as several TVs in the rooms are analog and facing issues (so basically they consciously placed us in a room that has issues they are aware of!!!) When the technician came he confirmed  that they are aware of that and there is nothing to be done, accordingly we asked for a change of room and they got back to us confirming the change and asking us to go to the reception to complete the needed action Went down to find out…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay in Family Room,"Lot’s of negative reviews here, but we had a fabulous stay. The hotel was clean, the facilities were great, and the food was exceptional. Location is great for access to Edgeware Road Station. You can get to almost all of the main attractions in London serviced by the three lines at this station. Not much to do in the near vicinity of the hotel. Area can seem a little dodgy at night. Would definitely stay here again.  ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel is quite literally falling apart,"There was a notice to say there were new operators of the hotel from November 1 which may be linked to the awful state of the rooms. I guess no investment has been made in this hotel for many years. It is still called a Hilton but you wouldn't know it. From the pictures of an 'executive' room in this review you can see the weary state of the place.   The public spaces at the entrance are better. But even when I complained and paid 80 pounds/night for an 'upgrade' it as still poor (just not as poor as the executive rooms).   In a year or so it might be worth checking back in to see if the place has been refurbished. It is in a good location, convenient for the Paddington Express. But as it stands now, if it were free, I would pay to stay elsewhere.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shockingly poor,I bought my son and his girlfriend a night in London. Naively I believed the Hilton would be a good hotel for two young people to stay in.  Apparently the stay was unremarkable although they did enjoy the pool.  The problem arose at checkout. Their train was late in the evening so the couple had an entire day in London. A day that included afternoon tea plus other activities that had been planned. My son checked out and asked reception If  he could leave their suitcases for collection later. He has travelled extensively with our family and has never had this refused. Unbelievably this hotel would not allow them to do this. They had to drag two cases in the pouring rain across London. They then had to pay £12 each to store the bags at Euston station for the day. They very nearly…,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor Experience,"No working in room entertainment - 1 local channel.  Poor internet in the rooms (paid for premium); Very poor check in process (54 minutes)  Bathrooms had clogged pipes in sink, and bathtub, as well as challenges with food quality.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The absolute WORST!!!,"I have traveled to over 20 countries and stayed at Hiltons all over the globe. This was by far the most hideous hotel I have ever stayed at! The service beginning at the front desk was terrible, slow, inefficient and aloof-it honestly seems like no one really cares about customer service.  The rooms are horrible. You would be better off in a tent in the park! Nothing wrong with being an older facility but would it bankrupt the Hilton enterprise to shampoo a rug or paint a wall? The rooms are truly pathetic. Not sure I can give this place a zero rating but I’ll try. By the way as you look at all the other horrible reviews you’ll notice a pattern in the responses- “sorry you had a bad experience blah blah blah” but no “we will fix it”. It’s funny the wifi password when I was there…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the best.... but,"Not the best hotel in London by any means but... great staff, good location, easy walk from Paddington. Easy access to central London. Helpful concierge. Upgraded rooms ok. Buffet breakfast good.we will definitely return",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Did not resemble a Hilton in any sense,"This was an appalling experience. I often walk past the Metropole and think it looks great from the outside. I decided to try it, moving from my usual hotel at a competitor's chain.  I am a Silver Hilton HHonors member - certainly not the top tier of recognition for loyalty but usually staff make some effort to be pleasant and welcoming. The check-in experience was horrible. The member of staff didn't smile, didn't offer a greeting and didn't recognise me as a loyal member. Usually staff offer bottled water at check-in and acknowledge my status; this individual spoke only twice: once to say, ""Name?"" and a second time to say ""Take the gold lifts."" There was no discussion of the facilities and no attempt to ask if this was my first stay here (which it was).  The room itself was…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't stay at this hotel!," Hotel is nicely located. and that is it.  Service team tries their best. Hotel is old, not refurbished, rooms are small, breakfast is definitely not worth the money + you que up (if arrive 9 am weekend it is 15 minute wait). no minibar, there is a fridge though. TV service is poor, 10ish programs and mainly news channels. king deluxe is small for 1 person, if 2 don't even consider sharing. floors 17,19 refurbished, in spite look poor. my room had a moldy window, can one imagine! mold in hotel! definitely not the Hilton experience!  ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,excellent stay,"Stayed with some friends at this hotel, for just one night but could of stayed for much longer, just a short taxi ride from Padding ton station. Greeted by very friendly staff where nothing is to much trouble, room was 1st class very clean and tidy and beds super comfy  Location was perfect for all we needed to see, with very short taxi rides to our venues. Excellent service in all bar areas and top quality food too. And breakfast was excellent.  Nothing at all to moan about a 1st class stay thank you to all that made it so",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"After reading several negative reviews, I was pleasantly surprised at how lovely the hotel was. We had a family room for 5 and stayed on the west wing, 12th floor. We had an amazing view over North London (and flyover) but the room was quiet and nicely furnished. We were on holiday for 2 nights/ 3 days and did loads of sightseeing. The hotel has loads of amenities/ swimming pool and coffee shop and was fine for the price. The canal basin at the rear of the hotel with shops/restaurants is lovely and is a nice walk to/ from Paddington. The staff were friendly and helpful. We could use the left luggage from the start to end of our stay saving us walking around London with bags. I've stayed in London lots over the years and felt this was a great hotel to relax/stay in. The breakfast…",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful,"Huge hotel situated on the less than salubrious Edgware Road in the West of London. The main reception/ lounge area isn't too bad but wait until you see the rooms. Old fashioned, in need of gutting completely. The door frame had large chunks broken out of it (we joked that it was from someone trying to gnaw their way out). The bathroom sports a old rubber bath mat that was so brittle it had cracks in it. Although it is a non-smoking room, the years of nicotine engrained in the walls mean that the odour never quite escapes. I was treated to a wonderful view of the A40 flyover inches away from my window. I will never stay here again.  Oh and the Starbucks in the building is a joke - understaffed and extremely slow.  The locals seem to use the hotel as a walk through too and all…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A below average hotel,"The location is good and the common areas are in a good shape. However, the rooms are way below average. The lock on the window was broken, the bathroom was dirty and the furniture too old. Wouldn’t recommend it. There are plenty hotels in this area. ",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Dirty, smelly, old ",All the things people have written about cleanliness and the smell are true.  I could forgive the worn out furniture and decor but not the filthy room or smell that lingers everywhere (which must come from the general filth) I didn’t eat here and went out for breakfast as there was no way I was eating in a place that has such low standards. Someone I travelled with had to change rooms as the first one stank of urine. This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. ,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not a 4 star hotel, avoid","Having stayed at many Hilton's over years I expected a good hotel with comfortable rooms.  Complete opposite, it is a disgrace to the chain. First room was absolutely filthy carpets and walls, non working TV. Requested room change and it was cleanl but TV and safe also not working. Shower over bath couldn't even be fully used as pipe kinked. Whole hotel is tired and aging, uncomfortable hard bed. Given one extra star as breakfast buffet is only saving grace. Won't be using any more Hilton's for business or pleasure to gain honors points. Avoid!",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here if you want a sleep in...,"I stayed at the Hilton for 2 nights in October before heading back to Australia.  Check-in was fairly easy, however, the staff member appeared to look confused about whatever she was reading on the computer screen, which in turn, turned what should have been a quick check-in into long drawn out check-in.  I was asked for my HHonors membership details, unsure why because I didn't earn any points because I bought my room from a third party site - I find this a little bizarre as I can purchase a flight from a 3rd party site and earn frequent flyers points... anyway...   After checking in and getting my key, the staff member mentioned that the room was average and If I want i can pay an extra pounds a night for an upgrade, which I was happy to do and given the reviews on here, I'm…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Aging and not up to par ,"Came here for a large conference and was very surprised at the quality. The main tower rooms are old, cramped and spartan - one mattress was dead, with no support from the springs whatsoever. Luckily, I had a room in the refurbished West Tower, which was fine if nothing special.  The hotel amenities were really a mixed bag. Some meeting rooms were good, but others were dungeons comparatively. The food was mostly good, with some really tasty dishes throughout our stay (we were there for five nights). That being said, I was taken aback by the general attitude of the staff, especially the service ones at meals. They seemed very disinterested and aloof, with no real desire to be of service. To be clear, this was the general feeling that I got - a few of the staff were genuinely…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No service and old rooms ( do not go),london metropole hilton - experience from hell. I have tons of photo and videos to provide full experience of this want-to-be- hotel ( $20 dollar motel level).  I am not sure want worst service and buidling. I tried capturing the smell but the website had a  limitation to upload the funk. I am unable to upload the bad smell from the hotel room in the 12th floor.   My Background: I am a world traveler and travel with 2 to 5 guys. I normally stay 2 to 5 weeks at hilton hotels. I need a home away from home. some how ended up at motel type room. I am register hilton memeber for the past 4 years.  Hilton london metropole is not recommended. I have pictures to give my experience. It worth 1000 of words.  Oct2019 I booked my trip a month advance with my topical preference. Firm pillow/…,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I thought Hilton was supposed to be a good hotel???,We stayed at Hilton London Metropole over the weekend and when we arrived we thought it was a lovely hotel. The service at the reception desk was good.   Then we went to the room!! Totally gross. The first room we were given was dirty and the cupboard doors were hanging off. The view from the room was of scaffolding and pipes. I went down to complain and the lady at reception was lovely. She gave us another room and I went up to have a look.  Well.... it was even worse than the first one!! The base of the bed was covered in faeces and bodily fluid looking stains! I was NOT staying in any of these rooms. I went back down to the lady at reception and showed her the pictures of the room and asked her if she would stay in a room like this. Her reply was ‘no I would not!’  I was then…,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not sure this should be a Hilton anyone ,"Disappointed in so many ways.  Staff unhelpful.  Room so tatty, paint coming off walls and woodwork, chairs falling apart, very basic toiletries etc.  TV had very few channels, didn’t even show itv for the rugby World Cup semi finals.  If you can get a (very) cheap deal then stay there , if not find a Travelodge, it’ll be a better hotel.  It’s nowhere near what you’d expect from a premier Hotel group (Hilton). Totally let down!  Local area isn’t great either, not very welcoming to tourists. ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location acceptable price,Good location I’d like to thank mohammed in the reception he helped us alot in the check-in process and changed our room for a better room And bigger and appriciated we arrived early with our baby daughter  I’ll come back again if mohammed is still there he is very welcoming,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful room,"We stayed for one night, planned a year ago with a group of friends. As a group we couldn’t have keys until after 3pm. However, no one on the group reception and it was later when we had the key. We had 40 mins to change then off to see a show. There was an odd smell which was vaguely like old cigarette smoke. Generally the room was ‘tired’ and there was not even a bottle of water (we were charged £4.40 for 300 ml from the bar)  When we returned to the room smell was much worse. This morning we noticed mould on the walls and the windows were obscured by condensation and black mould all behind the chair.   It was horrible and one of our party has a very bad chest condition. We are genuinely horrified that we didnt look around the room well yesterday but we were in a hurry. The…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Extremely disappointed. Awful room,"Stayed here 1 night ago in a ""Deluxe"" king room in the tower on the 22nd floor. Had the windows been clean enough to see out of I am sure the view would have been impressive. Had it not been 21 00 when I returned to my room I would have insisted on a new room. This room has not seen a paintbrush or update since the 80s.I have stayed in Premier Inns at less than half the price that felt and looked luxurious in comparison to this. Every single surface was chipped and worn. The carpet so marked I had to put socks on. The bathroom was absolutely shocking so much so the socks stayed on in the shower too!! 2 channels on the television BBC 1 and BBC2. When was the last time anyone had this few channels in a hotel room? The 60s perhaps!! I have honestly put furniture in better condition…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Thanks,"A big thank you to Tariq Ghannachey in particular as well as Surendranath Muhem for helping me when I was unwell. Selflessness and kindness. You are truly inspirational. Thank you, gentlemen. Best, Graham B.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staff are unobservant,I have a friend who says this is the worst Hilton in London. I was prepared to ignite that. But he is correct. In my experience thus is the worst Hilton hotel in London. Staff are unobservant and can be down right rude when dealing with complaint. Thankfully the management are well trained but they need to push the customer service ethic out to all staff. If you want the normal Hilton service.. don't come here. Plenty more better hotels in the group in London than this one,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expected more,"Apart from messing up my booking and charging my credit card twice ( I am still waiting for refunds several days later ), the Italian restaurant had no pizzas as the oven was broken, I had a wasted trip to the Roof Bar on the 23rd storey as it was closed and my room was pretty run down. Great location - Paddington Basin in particular is lovely - but hotel? underwhelmed!",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good.,"We booked a family room with British airways. We really enjoyed. Big, quite and daily cleaned. Excellent breakfast. Few steps from buses and underground or even Heathrow Airport from Paddington. Perfect service, will come again for sure!",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, familiar brand","Hotel is located in walking distance from Oxford street and Hyde park, that is really close to center if you want to explore London sightseeing. Quite busy in breakfast hours, but with good sound isolation in suites - so night sleep is safe!  ",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel, bit run down and dated","Stayed here during a business meeting in October 2019. Of course you expect a certain level of comfort / class at a Hilton hotel. First the positives; good central location, spacious room and clean. Good and quick room service too. Then the negatives; dated interior and not well maintained (small damages everywhere). Pool is very old fashioned, small hallways. Considering the price (not cheap), this hotel only gets 3 stars for me.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Last minute night away,reception area is nice it’s a large hotel  Had a room upgrade which had to be changed as the 7th floor window was broken !!! Room 735  No water in the room unless an honors member !! Went for a swim at 9.30 the pool is dirty you can’t see in the water with Goggles on further than 2 ft  Dirty towels overflowing. Steam room broken  The bathroom in the rooms need and upgrade it’s a tired hotel,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor stay. Won’t make the mistake of booking again.,"Used to stay at this hotel with work but hadn’t been in a while. This time it was a family stay for 1 night prior to flying out of Heathrow for a family half term break. Unfortunately, things got off to a poor start when I wasn’t welcomed as a Hilton Honors silver member. Check in staff member was unconcerned that my wife and kids had been unable to check in earlier and check in and concierge staff were rude to them. The room itself was nicely decorated but beds were uncomfortable and the bathroom really needed updating and the shower area wasn't clean. Also no water which is usually waiting in the room given I’ve checked in online and the hotel knew I was silver member.  This hotel has really lost its way and other Hilton’s in the city are streets ahead in terms of customer…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Should not carry the ""Hilton"" name.","If this was a non major brand hotel, I think it would get a 3-4 rating. But this is a Hilton, so you have certain expectations. This hotel does not meet them. It really should not carry the Hilton brandname. Especially the bathroom is just very bad. I read in other comments that they will start renovating them next year, but there is no excuse whatsoever to let it get as far as it has gotten now. The shower head alone is a replacement of less then 10 pounds, and yet they have left it there for years (see picture). SHAME ON YOU HILTON. This shower head is something everyone sees every morning, so its just reminds everyone how bad it is. Replacing the shower heads should be done TODAY. You can not ask over 200 euro a night and offer this kind of outdated facilities. And then the…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Chicks Love London!,Girls trip to London needed a space for 3 of us to share a room with seperate beds.  Location was also important and this was the perfect fit for us.  We had great service from guest services in locating where we needed to go and providing directions.  The doorman was so helpful in arranging transportation for us and the bar was great for people watching!,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Variable experience,"We stayed here twice, with different rooms.  The first stay we (Hilton Rewards member) were upgraded to a room in the west wing.  The room was similar to American hotels, with a good sized room and bathroom.  Bedding and towels were good, and the room had a hair dryer, safe, mini fridge and ironing board with iron. There were adequate towells and decent supplies in the room, though the coffee is instant packs with 2% milk, and an electric kettle.  (We bought our own coffee and cream and put it in the fridge). The breakfast was quite good, and the restaurant had a coffee machine with espresso, and real cream, which was very good.  The lounge had a decent menu, though not very extensive.  My only issue was the lack of green food--not a lot of salads or green vegetables available. …",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"fool me twice, shame on me.","I am about to check out of this hotel and it is so bad that I wanted to write a review to inform others before I get too busy and forget—especially since I've learned about other properties, good and bad, from others' reviews.  Upon starting this process of writing a review I find that I actually left a review the last time I was here. So, shame on me for selecting this poor property again.  Things that are/were wrong: > the room was dirty. hair in the bathroom, stuff on the carpet, an extremely nasty—stained and soiled—sofa. > in the mini-frig was a half filled bottle of coke > a moth was flying around my room > the tv system is broken. when you turn on the tv you get static. when you press some buttons a handful of local channels become available. anything that would be…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday Treat ,"Stayed here for my birthday. Nice hotel, King suite was very nice, although I was confused over the mini bar in my room which was advertised when I made my reservation, to find out it was empty. I called down to reception and was informed if I wanted anything inside the mini bar I can use it for anything I purchase. The fridge wasn't even switched on? False advertisement! The executive lounge for afternoon tea and breakfast was excellent great range of food and drinks on both visits.",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, terrible mattress","I stayed here as a base for 2 nights. Location is convenient for the tube, breakfast was good. Only complaint was the mattress was awful. Clearly it was very old as had a visible dents on both sides where people sit. It was not very supportive or comfortable even with a mattress topper fitted. I didn't notice until I went to bed which was late, so I complained in the morning and was told it would be looked at and maybe a topper would help?! Clearly not! I was back late the next night and nothing had been done. Not what I expected from Hilton or for the price paid for the room. Disappointed. Customer service on this issue was poor.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Thanks for a great time,"Perfect spot to shop and be spoilt   The grand Hotel entrance tells you this will be a ""proper""  hotel stay.  From the late (10:20 for us lol) drinks and absolutely fantastic burger in the main bar  downstairs after a show  To the ever so helpful and friendly staff in the exec lounge.  In fact every time I asked any of the staff anything they all did their best to help.  FANTASTIC team  we had a refurbished room.and it was immaculate and finished to a high standard.  Finished with a swim before breakfast.  All.this just a stroll from.oxford street.  Thank you exec lounge and hilton team for a great stay",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beds as hard a rock,Dont stay here with family if you want a comfortable bed. Look elsewhere until they modernize or call ahead. Just old worn rooms with a good breakfast. Staff want to help but doesn’t offset bad nights sleep,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,AVOID!! BETTER ALTERNATIVES AVAILABLE FOR THE PRICE YOU PAY!,It gives me great displeasure in having to write this review especially as a former Hilton Team Member(Hotel + Corporate).  I booked two rooms in my recent visit to London between 06/10/2019 - 13/10/2019. The check in process went fine however the rooms were well below par. It is not what you expect from a Hilton. The room I initially checked into was 115(smoking room) the issues I faced in the room are as follows   1. Heating wasn’t working  2. Hot water in the sink constantly hot(boiling) 3. Mattresses were really worn and uncomfortable to sleep on.  Upon raising these issues to reception the following morning I was suggested to move rooms. I was informed by the receptionist to leave my bags packed prior leaving and it would be moved to my new room and would need to collect…,Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not impressed,"Took a long time to get checked in and out, bed was too hard, we were told breakfast was not included with our room after waiting a long time in the breakfast queue even though we had booked a room that included it. I also booked a room with a view however didn’t get it. Only had 1 tea bag in the room and the fridge didn’t work. Bar area was nice and room was very clean however not worth the money. ",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel I’ve ever stayed in,"We only stayed here one night and thank goodness. We were in ‘the tower’ and our whole floor and room smelled of cigarettes. The room was dirty, stains on the carpets, fingers prints all over the bathroom tiles, cracks in the floor and walls, panels hanging off the bath tub, springs sticking out of the bed, stale smelling bedding, an unwatchable tv and dirty mini fridge. Can honestly say we will NEVER be back. Stay away from this hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worn down rooms,I stayed 2 night in October and got a Deluxe room. This is aparently in the «tower» that is NOT refurbished. The room was small and a very non pleasent smell. The carpets was stained and the bathroom had cracked tiles and holes here and there.  So not nice at all. I can’t believe they can charge so much for a room like that.  So be warned!,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel Accommodations at Hilton Metropole,Service at this hotel is outstanding. Room accommodations were great and their breakfast brunch is outstanding!  Great location close to Kensington Gardens and Abbey Road. Less than a 5 minute walk to the Underground.,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing for a Hilton,We only spent one night here and I'm glad that was all. The room had 3 individual beds for our group of 3 which was nice but that's where the good ended. The room was quite run down. The beds all had dips in the middle and clearly were past their prime. Very uncomfortable to sleep in. The bathroom was tiny and you had to step up quite high to get into the shower/tub which isn't the best when you have bad knees. The hairdryer on the wall was ancient and covered in tape keeping it together. The rest of the hotel was nice and seemed updated. The food was great and the bar area was pretty but I feel like they gave us the most outdated and run down room they could find. Very disappointing.,Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst experience ever,"This hotel should be ashamed. It’s filthy, dirty, the rooms are atrocious. Worst experience I’ve ever had. It falls extremely short of the Hilton brand. Just amazed it’s allowed to be open. Should be screened by public health for legionnaires disease. Particularly bathroom, shower and swimming areas.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,AWFUL HOTEL  ABSOLUTELY DREADFUL,"This has to be the worst hotel room i have stayed in, and totally ripped off on the price.  We had 4 rooms on 3 different floors, not what you expect when booking them together. The room was supposed to be doubles and all were twin singles, the were in terrible condition, Awful beds, damaged furniture, filth on the floors, dead flies between double glazing, that as you cant open it had been there for some time,1 of my colleagues, had a toilet which was un flushed with more than urine in it, another colleague  took pictures of his bathroom where old shampoo bottles not removed, bath mat in sink, stains on carpet. My room you could feel the springs coming through the mattress, and the other beds mattress stank. each of us asked to be moved and were not",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible hotel,"This hotel is awful. The guy who checked me in was so incredibly rude and arrogant. Chewed gum with mouth open, didn’t look at me, slammed check in form down without saying what he wanted me to do, slammed key card down and only said my room number then turned his back on me.  The atmosphere in the hotel lobby is aggressive and intimidating.  The room itself was awful. Dated, cramped, dirty. The TV was something from the 80s with fuzzy reception and only 3 English channels. Absolutely awful hotel.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dreadful. Worst Hilton ever ,"As a Hilton Honours Gold Member I stay regularly in this chain. This hotel is laughably bad   My wife checked in before me , and had to change rooms as the first one was so bad. She was promised a callback by the manager , waited ninety minutes and finally had to queue up for 20 minutes in the queue again to get moved.  Incidentally, the priority check in queue takes longer than the normal queue so please don’t use it!   The management are invisible. My wife was even told by a concierge that “they didn’t have a duty manager”. I finally tracked one down to complain but only by threatening not to leave the check in desk until I spoke to one.   Bar service terrible also - 20 minutes to be served at 11pm, Queue for breakfast 20 minutes.  Even the Lifts get in on the poor service…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing Hilton!,"I travel regularly and have stayed at many Hiltons, but the rooms at this place were pathetic. The lobby and public areas were very nice and typical of a Hilton. But the room was small, poorly maintained and lacked any decor. In fact the room looked more like a hostel. There were several dents in the wall and chipped paint. The bathroom faucet was ringed with rust. I expected a small room, but I did not expect something so ugly. ",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the stay we were expecting,"We brought some family members who live outside of the Uk to London to see the sights and decided upon this hotel due to its close proximity to a main railway station and underground access based on our travel by train to the capital.  I was wary of some of the critical comments left by others and took a punt.  It was not a terrible stay, but there were several things that overall made it a less than satisfying stay.  As others have stated, the decor is pretty old and tired, but for me, it was not detrimental to my stay.  What was detrimental was the lack of a working fridge that we discovered after purchasing some items from a Tesco express nearby.  After discussing this issue with the reception, a new room was allocated the following day with our bags that we have repacked…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Party like it is 1999,"I have stayed at the Metropole several times in the last 20 years.  In the Tower rooms, so has the decor.  1 light in my bathroom didn't work.  My kettle didn't work.  The hotel TV picture was snowy.  I had to provide a credit card upon checkin for ""extras."" When i got to my room my minibar was empty and warm so i could not even chill water.  On the second floor where my room was I had 2 female and 1 male housekeeping staff arguing outside my room.  I felt the room was tired and in dire need of refurbishment.  Not to be completely negative, the reception staff and concierge were very welcoming and helpful.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location but poor quality rooms and bad service,"I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights for a business trip.  The hotel location is excellent and is only a few minutes walk from Paddington Station.    However, once inside is where things start to go wrong.  The rooms are very poor - small, dated and in poor repair (two of the lights in the room didnt work).    While staff at reception were friendly and welcoming the rest of the staff were poor.  We ordered a lunch at the bar and told the waiter we were under time pressure.  We waited for almost 45 minutes and still the food didnt arrive - seriously - over 45 mins for a bowl of soup.  We had to leave and cancelled the order - we received no apology and were instead presented with the bill for the 2 coffees which had arrived.  Later that evening we experienced the same poor service…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Totally disgusted with inferior room,"Upon arriving we had only minutes to drop our bags into the room before meeting up with friends. On our return at around 8pm we went back to the room to shower. I wanted to remove my shoes but the carpet was so dirty, I changed my mind. The bathroom was dirty or tired and I really didn't feel comfortable so I declined. To pay £200 for one night in a room that was not fit to be in a Hilton hotel was so disappointing. A hostel room would have been cleaner. When I complained at 10pm I was offered a voucher that was supposed to give my husband and I any drinks from the bar that we chose. The reality was my husband was only offered one  beer. One drink was what the voucher entitled us to. The other niggle was that despite leaving a credit card on file, the mini bar in our room was…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,THE WORST RENTAL CAR SERVICE ,"Unprofessional and very bad service. First of all they gave us a car with an awful vomit odor with lots of scratches and with deflated tires.  While we were doing all the paperwork for renting the car they were playing with the phone which is very unprofessional. When we returned and check the car Conditions they paid attention into the hubcaps (that already was one missing and another one broken), they told us to pay 109£ for a really small invisible scratch in one of them!! We told them that the way that they gave us the car is not fair and even less to pay for something that is not even there. Don’t rent any cars over there!!! They are the worst company that we have ever been!! They only want money from you",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The Hotel is fantastic,Excellent hotel where people from all over the world congregate - and that's just the staff. Best customer service I've ever experienced. Mark's deducted for not having Guinness in the main bar. Otherwise highly recommended. Excellent breakfast- great variety. ,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Time for renovation,This hotel is trapped in a time wharp. Time to do the rooms up. Standard is very poor in the rooms on the verge to discusting. Now I dont know what to write but have to continue since I have to write 200,Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful Staff, Terrible Property","The only redeeming component of this hotel is the staff.  They were very responsive, polite, and very hard-working. A lovely group of people.  They were doing the best they could with a poor infrastructure that Hilton has given them.    This hotel is badly in need of a major renovation.  The lobby is deceiving — the rooms do not appear in the same, modern, refined condition.  I was stunned at the condition of the carpet in the hall (it is from the 1960s), the carpet in my room, the molding in my bathroom (a tub that is a good two feet above ground), and a TV whose channels are mostly frozen.   The gym smells like sweat and mold.  I found the entire experience so unsettling that I won’t return to a Hilton ever.  I cannot believe that the company would leave a property — in London…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location but Outdated,"This hotel is centrally located to many attractions.  Our room was small and worn.  The beds were very uncomfortable but had nice pillows.  The bathroom was very small with a half shower door contraption that barely blocked any water from running onto the floor.  The tub/shower had very tall sides limiting accessibility.  The breakfast was very good, with helpful servers and good coffee.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible Hilton,"This must be one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. Rooms were small, beds uncomfortable, TV in room was balanced on the fridge and only a couple of channels tuned in. Lobby area appears nice but service varies between slow and non existent. Had planned at checkout to advise them of all of this, but wasn’t even asked how my stay was...presumably they know not to. Avoid at all costs",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never again,"Not able to understand how a world brand like Hilton  can offer you a run-down room with furniture you would not expect in any hotel anywhere, with stains in carpet, bad smell, empty warm mini-bar, paint dandruff in the bathroom, terrible mattress. #neveragain",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs of staff to be more responsive,Generally my stay was good but it takes a long time for the staff to respond to your requests and needs. This is very discouraging. I can recollect asking for plates and cutlerries which was never brought. ,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Old, dirty, broken Hil-not.","This was the worst hotel I ever visited: the reception, ballrooms etc. on the lower level are good, but the rooms are like stepping into the 70s: it's all veneer furniture, all corners are broken/taped together!, the flat TV is old, no still water in the room, instant coffee. Airco that can not be regulated in an easy way.  Bed was OK and seemed to clean.  Bathroom was old, dirty bathtub, sink does not work.  Breakfast was really nothing special: there is a lot of choice but quality is really mediocre for Hilton.  In general: this hotel is completely outdated and they still charge you 250 euro a night. Stay away if you can.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Would need to be refurbished,I booked a room for business purposes. The staff is professional but do not smile at all. The room looks old-fashioned and would need to be refurbished (see attached pics). Furthermore the room was very expensive (more than £210). It is not worth it.,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Zero for customer service,"They have two lines at reception - one for us normal people and one for special people who get to queue jump. Great for them, very bad if you want me to ever return.  Rest of it is fairly normal, very big hotel and not enough staff. Breakfast queue normally 20 deep if you get there when it opens. ",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Adventures at the London Metropole!,"There are some great features about this hotel. It's in a great location, with two Underground Stations in close proximity and a short walk down to Marble Arch and some good shopping. The lobby is spacious and the restaurant is good - we had both breakfast and one dinner there and had no complaints. However, the hotel is a bit tired and could do with a design update. I would, for instance, hate to have mobility issues getting into the bath in order to have a shower. And what is it with hotels and their swimming pools? The one here was out of action. I really think that there should be some sort of notification or little sweetener when this happens as it seems to happen far too often. We had a number of issues with our room and ended up having to move twice! Despite this, I have…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Long weekend,"This hotel are well placed 5-10 minute walk from Paddington and 20 minutes from Oxford Street. Unfortunately it feels like the hotel av seen the best days and are in need of some refurbishment. The feeling is old, and all sound from the corridor and slamming doors are keeping you awake at least during friday and saturday nights. It dont seem to be any noise shield between the room and corridor. The beds was also feeling a little weared out. They forgot to clean the room one day, but a phone call solved that very quickly. Staff is friendly and service minded which is an upside. So unfortunately little sleep this time....",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not to Hilton Standard ,"Stayed 4 nights and a regular guest at this hotel due to good location. But struggling to remain loyal. Had to complain / move out of room 450 on first night. Horrendous. Electric light switches not working properly, seal on double glazing loose so street noise unbearable, bathroom jaded, paint peeling on roof.... Hilton should not be charging over £300 plus a night for a room like this. Moved to West Wing which are standard Hilton rooms and fine.  Also, being a Gold member I should have been upgraded on arrival as West wing rooms were obviously available. Will never return again as enough is enough. 4 work colleagues also stayed here and all were stunned about the poor room quality. Hilton should close half of this hotel for refurbishment but clearly want to keep milking cash…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,PLEASE AVOID: Extremely poor service and rude staff,This is the most ridiculous Hilton I have ever visited. The staff at the reception is utterly rude. Called several times for an ice bucket and it finally came after I asked to speak to a manager. That too in a tiny plastic bucket without tongs!! Also wants £10 for a bottle of water! Is this a joke!? Absolutely rubbish!!!!,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really a Hilton?,"I stood 4 nights at the Hilton Metropole and was really surprised if this hotel is part of Hilton. The room was smelling and I really suppose that the previous guest dis smoke. I also did complain with the reception of some guests on the 9th floor confusing the hotel for their home: slamming doors, shouting, having kids running and playing along the corridor till 1am. No action was taken. I really really recommend Hilton that this hotel needs to undergo a heavy restructuring: the hotel looks very oldish.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"The room was clean, however I was underwhelmed when I saw it as it was quite outdated with the leather peeling off of the desk chair. I would of preferred a shower rather than a bath with a shower. I was on the top floor and had a good view.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hilton, you can do much better","A very welcoming lobby, when you walk in, but the hotel needs a lot of renovation. Our room was well sized, but smelled like old carpet. The AC was way to cold and we had a hard time to adjust it the room temperature. The bed was creaking with every move we made. The bathroom has 90’s design (20 uears plus) The curtains had stains. Is it so hard to clean the curtains, when they stained? All together, we won’t come back. ",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what we expected,"This Hilton is absolutely below the Hilton standards. Even though the reception staff was friendly and helpful, the experience in general wasn't that good. The restaurant services are terrible. The lobby bar has terrible service. Location is not good at all.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not like a Hilton branch in London,"small, dirty and very outdated rooms, few TV channels and stained carpets. Lobby is great. Price is acceptable. Location is good. Personnel are friendly. Pool was close and gym is closed early. No complimentary water in the room for honor members. ",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Paradise Found,"Currently staying in this hotel and I’m really delighted.   The checkin process was great.  The room is spacious as expected.   However, I’m really impressed at how many services are available here.  I am currently in the Italian restaurant and it has been fab.   The food is great but the service is even better.  Particular mention for Elena is is the ultimate professional.   I’ve already booked my stay here again next week.  I am really looking forward to coming back.  ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Sub-par, below Hilton standards","This hotel is far below what you'd expect of a Hilton. The lobby is fine - large and clean with an abundance of services. Everything about the rooms, however, leaves something to be desired.   I'm a Hilton Gold member and was given an upgrade to a Queen superior room, so I can only imagine what the standard rooms are like. First, the beds. These are the most uncomfortable hotel beds I've every stayed on, and I've stayed in roadside guest houses in the developing world. They feel like you're sleeping on a lumpy bed of straw. The bathroom, though recently re-done I believe, looks like something straight out of the 1980's. The shower has no water pressure, and there are no hooks behind the door (mine may have been broken off?) to hang your towel. The toilet seemed to have issues…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My room was so dirty ! ,"I could have done with an old fashioned room... as far as it was clean. But I have never seen a room so dirty. I found plenty of hairs from previous customers (long, short, curly...) all over the bathroom floor... it was really gross. It’s totally not what I was expecting from a Hilton hotel, for the price we pay. The two colleagues I was traveling with had the same feedback. Very disappointing.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and great customer service,"I have stayed at Hilton Metropol London Edgware Road for just 2 nights. That was just enough to give 5 star for my experience. I have been assisted amazingly since my check in wit the receptionist Federica which she explained me the whole process of my staying, answered clearly at my questions with an amazing smile that is always welcome. She had the possibility to upgrade my room and therefore she let me have a very big room with a wide big window at the 12 th floor overlooking North London and Wembley stadium. Stunning. I take the chance once again to thank her for her help!! The rest of my comment can be just extremely satisfied on all of the department including breakfast. Very peaceful sleep and very comfy beds. The Hotel is just 1 minute walk from Edgware road station that…",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Location, Bank Holiday, Cleary overbooked but wouldn't admit it","Gosh, I've been blessed to travel a lot over the years but I can't say I've ever experienced this mess. Check in was at 3:00. We turned up at 3:30. I knew something was off when the checkin line was just not moving. A lot of pissed off people at counter just waiting around. When we finally get there they told us our room was not ready. Waited at the bar. Food at the bar was good but spendy. Got in line again waited around watch a lot of upset people at counter besides us. Got offered a downgraded room. We didn't take it. We wanted the room we paid for.  I don't know if we got the worst room of that type it was a joke but i think it was already 5:30 by the time they let us in. There were these weird creepy stickers on the walls. Furniture was old and chipped. TV was disconnected.…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stayed here in July originally booked 3 nights but after seeing the state of the room we left the very next morning.,"Rundown shabby and smelt badly of curry in the corridor on our floor, on entering the room it smelt damp an fousty, old furniture was very shabby never before have I stayed in a Hilton like this one. A lot of people wearing the full veil an robes so somewhat middle east environment. Found it depressing gloomy an shabby, we checked out early as couldn't bare to stay another night there. ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,hit and miss,"This hotel is in a good location within walking distance to Paddington Station for quick access to Heathrow airport (15-20 mins). It is also close to 3 underground lines (Bakerloo, Circle and District) as well as the Blue line of the hop-on-hop-off bus. The concierge is excellent and room service is fast. The other staff appeared to be unhappy and were slow. The conference facilities were great (I was there mostly for work) plenty of rooms, good food for a crowd of 600+, etc. The rooms however are hit and miss - I had to change rooms because the 1st room assigned was not cleaned properly and there was Black Mold all over the ceiling of the closet. The mattress springs were rusting through the mattress which felt like a board of plywood. The second room was better, clean, no…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Make it right,"We stayed at the Hilton Metropole for a week in a two bed room (West) where the kids slept in one and my partner and I in the other. Mid way through our stay, we encountered some issues with the QA of the room cleanliness and we notified the front desk as per the marketing in the room that stated that “they want to make it right”. I should add there were also minor things that didn’t concern us anywhere as much- such as being given two shampoos instead of 1 body wash, 1 shampoo. We were less fussed about the small things like that and didn’t complain on these grounds.The staff member at reception (Emma-Louise) was very receptive and moved us into another room that night. She was very empathetic and also apologetic. The new room had a partial city view and was a few floors higher…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Staff and service good, rooms not so good","well firstly this hotel is in a good location and has 2 tube stations really close by (although one was closed during our visit and the other did not offer a night service so be aware of this if you are going out late as we did on a saturday night). And to put my review in context, i was booking for 8 people (4 rooms) on a budget for a birthday weekend celebration. The main areas of the hotel are lovely and we found the staff to be very friendly and helpful (we did not use the hotel bar as i knew from previous work-related stays at the hotel that it is expensive, as are all hotel bars!) Nice to have a starbucks within the hotel. However, our rooms were VERY basic. The twin bed rooms were small, bathroom very small and the beds uncomfortable. our room window looked straight out…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best location and staff,"Loved their central location. Big family rooms .. best customer service. They listen to concerns and solve them., big hotel and close to everything . Their pool was closed but it was okay .. the hotel is like Venetian hotel in Vegas that has everything around it... :)",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,2 night stay,"Tried this hilton on this trip it was good for the money I paid. It was the cheapest hilton in the area. The room is ok size for 1 person.  They need to update the room it looks a bit tired but for 2 nights it was ok. The checkin was quick and the checkout was also quick. The staff were friendly and professional. The area is good train station 3 mins walk, and a lot of places to eat and relax on the same street of the hotel. I would return again.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Anniversary visit,"Was my first time at this hotel and I came here to enjoy my anniversary. I left very disappointed.Staff is very unpolite,they do not make you feel welcome.Even the young manager(dark skeen,I can't remeamber his name) that check us out was making us feel unwelcome.I do not think this people care about guests.As a siver member I did not feel valued.They did not ask us if we need any help, nothing.And was not busy. The room, was another story.Was very cold , and we asked for a heater. We had to wait 1 hour to have it and then stoped working.I requested another one and the same I had to wait.Aircon was very noisy and do not have the power to heat the room so I had to close it because I could not sleep. B-fast was really good,good variety, but again the staff at the restaurant they…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location,"Good location for any type of trip hence the hotel was very busy. Drinks are expensive if one is not earning pounds.  Breakfast spread was decent but no chillie is available except Tabasco.Tabasco The shower curtain is so yesterday, surely the Hilton can convert to shower screens.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor service,Rooms are shabby and staff are inadequate and the pool wasn't working when that is what we came here for as we came for the serpentine swim i hope this allows you to have a good idea of what to expect.,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sharmaine Taylor is the reason to have your event at this hotel!,"Full disclosure: some of the rooms in this hotel are a bit icky... old, carpets are mucked up, lighting is too low, my room wasn't the cleanest I've ever had, etc. BUT here is some good news: the public areas are pretty darn nice, the bar is great but super slow service (I guess that doesn't qualify as ""good news"", eh?) and most importantly if you hold an event here, SHARMAINE will have your attendees' backs. Sharmaine Taylor is the hotel conference and events service manager and if you need something, she's there to make sure you get it.   I am currently attending an event here and was sad that I could not locate hot sauce when served some eggs at our breakfast buffet. Sharmaine to the rescue! She not only found some quickly, she opened a brand new bottle and brought it to me…",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One night stay in London,"We stayed one night prior to the start of a bus tour of the British Isles.  It is a nice enough hotel, but I wouldn't want to spend more than one night.  The room was small compared to other high end hotels, and it was hard to control the room temperature. We did have a nice buffet style breakfast in the restaurant..",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Oh those lifts,"My daughter, myself and 2 teenage granddaughters. Stayed for 1 night while attending the proms in Hyde park. The hotel was clean, breakfast was good. Rooms were spacious and comfortable. Staff polite and helpful. We enjoyed our stay.. But there lifts are terrible. When we went down for breakfast we waited 20 to 25 minutes for a lift. My granddaughter eventually walked down the 10 floors. I was unable to do that. They obviously need more lifts for the size of  the hotel. The situation was not helped by the fact that they were stopping each lift one at a time for about 15 minutes to stick posters on the doors.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not good hotel ,We are staying only one night at this hotel staff don’t speak English very poor service lobby looks nice but as soon as you walked in in the room where the bedroom mold in the room smell like smoke I will never ever stay in this hotel next time when I will come to London ,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton Standards,"I stayed at this hotel as part of a tour. If you're going to be staying there for a tour or conference, know that the hotel is just okay. My ""newly refurbished"" room already had a few stains (carpet in front of the bathroom and the duvet) but otherwise it was okay (and the staff were all super helpful). If you don't have a reason to stay at this particular hotel, I would recommend looking elsewhere, it's just not a convenient location and the interior is just not up to Hilton standards.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A true sample of excellent hospitality !,"Our stay at Hilton London metropole was amazing.  Without doubt one of the best services I had received from Mohamed Reception manager . the breakfast was amazing,The Room very clean . All Respect to Mohamed who does a great job  Thanks   ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My first trip to London,My first trip to London with my daughter modeling in the London fashion week. We liked our location and hotel accommodations. Everything was in walking distance and very convenient. My husband enjoyed the exercise facility.  We wish we could have stayed longer!,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A mix of good and bad,"I just spent four nights at the Hilton London Metropole which is a great hotel in many ways but overall left with a negative taste in my mouth. The pros:  Rooms are spacious for London's standards and fairly well appointed.  There is both a cafe and restaurant on site which makes a good place for meetings  Good walkable location The cons: My primary complaint is that they were painting the hallways for THREE days while I was staying at the hotel. The hallways are fairly small with zero ventilation and it was a foul toxic smell. I called the front desk on multiple occasions to request that they bring a fan to help air it out and dry faster and also requested a manager call me to discuss my concerns and despite asking three times, no one ever followed up with me, and no fan ever…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family suite with a view,Hotel with family room and 5 beds. Perfect hotel for a family of five. Very few hotels in London accepts 5 person in a family room - so this was Perfect for us. Very easy to access by tube from Victoria central station.   Breakfast was good - and good service.,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A night away to see  Hampton Court and Windsor Castle.,"Stayed here for the night with three friends.  Very clean  pleasant room, comfortable beds  with all amenities.  As we were late arriving we went into the restaurant and ordered dinner there.  The food was very good but the prices were astonishly very expensive as was the wine by the glass!  Excellent service however and a pleasant waitress waited on us.  We were booked in on a  bed/breakfast basis and the selection of food the following morning at breakfast was very well presented and stocked from fruit etc to full English and we all enjoyed that.  Would stay here again but might seek to eat out locally.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful rooms in Tower block,"Well, thank goodness my daughter and I were only there for 12 hours...  Having taken my daughter to London for her birthday I was pleased when we entered the reception and saw how modern it was. We had a quick easy check in and pointed in the direction of the golden elevators.   Well, as we came out of the elevator we were in a different world. Old dirty corridor and found our room down a dark corner. Our room was horrible, very old and in need of modernising. It felt like I had travelled back to the 80’s in the elevator. Bathroom was the worst - cracked basin, rubber bath mat over skanky bath, peeling paint. In the morning we found there was only 1 bath towel for the two of us! Too late to ring down so had to make do.   The TV only worked on 2 channels, another disappointment. …",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,DO NOT STAY AT THID HOTEL,"I have never stayed in a hotel so poor as this! Shocking service, awful duty manager who accused me of shouting and hung up on me!!!! Room door left open by staff after cleaning. Restaurant served Heinz soup out of a can, took 1.5 hours for 4 pizza, drinks served after starters came out. The internal phones were not working to call reception. I had 5 people on the booking and they could be bothered to make up the sofa bed, no pillows left for this either. Not enough towels for 5 people. Air conditioning not working told at midnight they would send up fans 12.30 and a visit to reception fans delivered but my children didn’t go to bed till nearly 1am. Friends of ours in another room said the air conditioning smelt of fish I told the so called duty manager to be told I should have…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Had booked standard double, got given twin room, we were in rush so no time to request change. With 4* rating & at nearly €200/night I’d expected slippers (& perhaps dressing gowns) but nope, not even a bottle of water. Also refrigerator didn’t work which was v annoying as we had wine needing chilled. Being wakened at 9am by room service was the final straw in a very disappointing experience.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expected better,"For a Hilton we expected so much more. I booked a 2 night stay here for my partners birthday. The lobby is gorgeous probably to nicest part of the hotel!  The pool was out of use, we didn’t get told this at check-in! Very disappointing. Our room lacked lighting and our fridge didn’t work despite several complaints. The tv was very static and we only got one channel. Our bathroom was very outdated. Holes in the doors and panel hanging off the bath.   It’s a good location just expected so much more from a Hilton branded hotel. ",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"Spacious rooms, my room was clean. The service was quick and employees are polite. I would like to mention that i had amazing experience with guest service representative Eliona during check in, she was so polite and patient with the smile, to answer all my questions i was concern, it was a great start in staying in the hotel. Thank you.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Highly disappointing,We had booked into an executive room and upon entering the same found it of a very dissatisfactory standard.  The room had worn out carpet with stains and there was a pungent smell.  The room was very bare and had no character.  The windows were dirty and the bathroom looked very tired.  After two trips down to reception we were moved to a standard room in a newly renovated block (the downgrade as no other rooms were available!).  No refund was provided in respect of the downgrade and it was only offered when I emailed Hilton direct.  The service was again very poor.  Room service was not provided until 5pm the next day.  Our television failed to operate.  After a basic room service the cleaner left the sink stop down and it could not be lifted meaning we could not use the sink.…,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"My friend and I had a fantastic time. We have stayed in many Hilton across the world, usually 5*, but this place lived up to the Hilton standard we expect as gold members. Great location, right next to Edgware Road tube station.  Alexandru at reception was exceptional. He upgraded our room and was extremely polite and helpful.  Marion in the restaurant 'Fiamma' was excellent! She was extremely attentive and friendly.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms Worn and dirty.,"Globus tour hotel.  Stayed here with Globus tour.   Last hotel stay on a Globus 21 day tour of Great Britain.   The hall way to our 3rd floor room was dirty, wasn’t sweep the entire time we stayed, dirty tooth picks laid there for the entire stay.  See photos.  Hall wall paper is dirty, torn and falling off the wall.  Carpet is dirty and hadn’t been sweep.  Furniture though out the hotel is FIFTLY, fiftly.    The lobby at first site looked okay, but the second look tells a different story thought out.   We have been Hilton Gold members for 20+years.  A couple more Hilton hotels like this and we will be changing Hotel Brands very quickly!  Also this was our first Globus trip, not impressed with the cleanliness of hotels we stayed in.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Service!,Spent the weekend with friends and the service and the atmosphere was brilliant. A huge thank you to the bar staff for showing great hospitality and to Aurore and the front office for their assistance and professionalism!,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Always a Good Hotel,"I stayed a week at this hotel and my only bad experience was at the first check in when the staff downgraded me and my wife deceitfully pretending to be updgrading us. We had booked for a kingsized room - she convinced to accept a queen that is better but when we entered the room, we were extremely disappointed and went down to another staff that gave us a king and refurbished room. I consider the first person prejudiced",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,The only thing about the hotel is that the location is excellent. We were given the room in the older wing. Furniture and the room furnishing were old. Only the lobby looks great. Rooms were a stark contrast. reception staffs were efficient but not friendly.  Room service - limited variety will not go back,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms condition is getting old,"A great location at the Edgware Road where I decide to stay in it most of the time I visit London. However, the hotel furniture condition has got older and older with no much renovation or improvements done in the rooms. Nevertheless, the housekeeping is acceptable. The reception staff includes few employees who are labeled as Trainee but unfortunately not well trained and one of them has locked a certain amount from my account due to wrong transaction.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room rating,"Booked a twin executive room to share with family Plus point : comes with access to executive lounge where you get WiFi, breakfast, snacks , dinner snacks , alcohol .. definite plus and much more relaxing than main lounge areas on ground floor Negative : the beds were so uncomfortable and bedroom seems cramped, plus tap in the bathroom was leaking - room is definitely seen better days but decided to give it a go ...   On speaking to reception the following morning about the experience of staying in the room , we were upgraded immediately  to a queen twin and still given access to executive lounge .. what a difference . The rooms far bigger, better bigger beds , made the rest of our stay very good and the staff were charming   Didn’t eat really in the hotel restaurants as eat out…",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The hotel is iffy at best,"Pros: the staff here are pretty good all around, and the reception and bar area is lovely.  Cons: the rooms are hit or miss. Some are nice, some are horrendous - it depends on the floor and the wing.   My major issue with the hotel - the toilets on the 1st floor don’t feel safe. To access them you have to go to a largely abandoned floor (at night) and then go through two doors. They’re then in a very open space next to a staircase which essentially leads outside. They’re far too isolated and remote and if anyone were take advantage of this, you as a woman would have no way of summoning help. There either needs to be a toilet downstairs or a member of security patrolling the stairs outside the toilets, as currently they don’t feel very secure.",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It's all about the room,"Wow, this hotel room is bad. I'm a Hilton Diamond member. I've been a HHonors member since 2002. I've stayed at this hotel many times over the years. Note that I said the ROOM is bad. Avoid room 350, or anything near that, like the plague. This is supposed to be an Executive Room, which makes it all the more pathetic. The shower screen is missing the rubber seal to join it to the bath, so water pours out, flooding the bathroom. The toilet seat tries to eat you every time you sit down. There are NO drinking vessels in the room, not a glass in the bathroom, nor a paper cup in the area that the mini bar used to live in. The beds squeak horribly and the ""King bed"" is two singles pushed together. I've never given a Hilton Hotel a 2* review before, but the only thing pulling this up…",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Far better than expected,"Quite honestly we messed up in booking this hotel, we had meant to book a different one. Reading the reviews we were really quite concerned about what to expect. Firstly its really easy to reach if travelling from the M1. It has a car park underneath which wasn't massively expensive by London standards, don't take a big car though, bays were quite small. Really handy for tube stations, walking to places and Paddington basin leading to Little Venice. So great location. Check in was efficient, all staff we met were very helpful. We ate in the Italian restaurant which was nice (no gluten free pizza or pasta but other gf dishes available).  We felt breakfast was a standard Hilton breakfast, plenty of choice available. Its a big hotel with various services and shops and three…",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Love it or hate it,"So it was clear from the reviews we read before we booked that the Metropole divides opinion but I have stayed here before so knew what to expect. This is a functional hotel without the bells and whistles and probably not the place to stay if you are coming from abroad and are expecting corgis to great you on the doorstep and a Beefeater standing outside every room. It is perfect for a one night stop over if you are coming up for a show, or need to connect to the airport via Paddington early in the morning and don't want to stay at a simillarily priced motel next to Heathrow's parking lot. It is clean, the staff are friendly and efficient and it is very well situated for the tube (Circle/Hammersmith/Bakerloo). And that is it. You are not paying over the odds for somewhere that…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,August and sep 2019,Service was really poor ac not function well room service poor respond after long time conceirge was poor reception not answering fast i was really disappointed i ordered water but still till today i didnt receive it till today ,Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ruined anniversary - Hilton you should be ashamed overcharging you customers for your terrible rooms!,"Where do I start! Possibly the worst hotel experience in London for a 4 star hotel. This hotel is all show (in the lobby) and no substance. Hilton should be ashamed of themselves for charging the prices they do for what is a mediocre hotel at best.  I booked the Hilton for my 5 year anniversary as a surprise for my husband and it’s safe to say that this hotel completely ruined our special evening. When we walked into the room we were hit by the smell of cigarettes and sewage, it made us feel quite nauseous. The bed was as hard as rocks and I’ve slept on softer more comfortable beds In a premier inn. The room was shabby with a faux leather office chair that was cracked and balding, when you sat in the chair pieces of the leather would come off onto your clothes. The carpets were…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Suite from hell!,"Booked a one bedroom suite for 11 nights. My husband got in first and I a few days later. He complained about the state of the room but decided to wait for me to get there because i run the Honours account and i made the booking.  The first thing i noticed was the stale stench immediately i walked into the suite, being asthmatic, i have a very sensitive respiratory system. The room was amazingly rundown, paint peeling off the walls and doors, wall paper peeling off, stains on couch,  the curtain falling off its rail and cracked glass in the window of the sitting area. I couldn’t believe my eyes. How is this room even available for booking while in this state? Oh and before i forget, the sink taps in the bathroom had only hot water coming out (ie from the cold water tap), imagine…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton standards at all,"The breakfast is awful. The worst taste ever comparing to all other Hilton hotel I was staying. First of all the self-serve counter served the worst overcook scramble egg that I had ever seen in appearance. It’s not smooth-looking but rock-like instead. I didn’t appeal to try it at all. Then the 2 different kind of sausage I took from the counter is not edible. It’s like some cheap sausage stuff with unknown meat and fat, yet taste so awful. I have never eaten any worse tasted sausage than these ones. I couldn’t help to puke and that really grossed me out. And I remember that last time I was staying in the hotel, I could order the free item like order-to-made omelette. I attempted to order one, however I was told it was not free anymore. I didn’t order it as I see no point to…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Extremely helpful staff and great location,Staff at the hotel are very pleasant and helpful and the location of the hotel is great as you have 2 underground stations within walking distance from the hotel. Its also a family friendly place with the room types available.,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sadly one extreme to the other,"My first stay a couple months ago was fabulous, free upgrade by the manager to a lovely modern suite & signed up to the rewards scheme, was told it’d be processed for me etc. Couldn’t fault it. My second stay - no record of my reward scheme membership, an apparent upgrade to a ‘queen suite’ but I’d hate to see what the non-upgraded room looked like ☹️ it was in the tower block, scabby threadbare carpets along the corridors which haven’t been vacuumed in weeks, litter on the steps to that part of the hotel, aircon noise (main building one not the room controlled one - I’d switched that off already) was incredibly noisy - like sleeping in a wind tunnel.  No complimentary water. Very disappointed indeed. Not sure I’ll bother returning in future....",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel but with a few kinks,"This was a great choice for a hotel in London. Good location. Rooms were large and comfortable. A few little things could have made it even better. For example, the shower was a little dangerous - very hard to get in or out safely due to the height of the step, partial shower door did little to stop the floor from getting soaking wet, no outlet for hairdryer in the bathroom.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Very nice health club with a pool.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business and leisure ,"This was my 3rd stay at London Metropole and the best stay as well. Gaberial at reception assisted me at check in. He was a true professional gentleman. I must say that he’s such an asset to the hotel. Thank you for upgrade. Room was absolutely wonderful, properly cleaned thanks to housekeeping. Restaurant staff was very attentive and friendly. Executive lounge staff was very attentive and welcoming. At check out a staff member asked me about stay and offered water as well for my train journey. These small things can impact great and hospitality is all about experience. Once again thank you everyone who made my stay so great. Hopefully see you soon.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient,Just here for a weekend visiting historical gardens.very comfortable.first  morning the queue for breakfast seemed very long  but to be fair we were soon seated..it is a large busy hotel  but no problems.,Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired,This was a well placed hotel for our purposes on this visit and just met our needs but even in an Executive room it is old and tired. There needs to be a major upgrade to both the rooms and services to entice me to return. Generally I have been happy with Hilton but this was disappointing.,Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I’d avoid this one if you can,"We stayed here for one night following a cruise from Diver to Norway. It’s cheap for a London Hilton but we still paid about $300 Australian dollars for the night and the room they checked us into was appalling. When I say appalling I mean holes in walls, filthy stained carpet, cracks in the ceiling, mould in the bathroom, a bed that was literally falling apart and you need to look at the picture of the desk chair to appreciate how bad this place was compared to what you would expect from Hilton. I complained as they moved us to a much nicer room in a different newer tower which was great but even that experience was way below what I’ve come to expect from Hilton’s around the world. There were bags of stinking rubbish the the hallways, not for a little while, we went out and…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dirty and poor service,"We stayed here for two nights there were dishes and a piece of half eaten cheese in the hallway from our check in to check out. The carpet in our room was filthy- stains and hair - i couldn't take my shoes off. The next day garbage bags lined the hallways. Vacuums were left laying around the entire two day stay. We had gone out for the whole day and returned at 330pm and our room was not cleaned. We called at 5pm as we left to go out again to ask for our room to be cleaned, when we came back that night our room was still not clean although they had left new towels in the bathroom but beds were unmade etc. There was also no soap provided to wash hands throughout our stay. On the last day, housekeeping banged on the door at 9am and a girl who spoke no English at all appeared to be…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Customer Service,"After reading reviews, I was very concerned about booking here.  But this turned out to be the best hotel we stayed in during our vacation.  I was overwhelmed at how wonderful a smile and a pleasant attitude from the check in people makes your day. Isma was wonderful. She really made us feel welcome.  Yes it is a big hotel but when your employees are so pleasant who notices? Thank you Isma.  We had a room with two queens in the west wing 11h floor.  I loved sitting and looking out over the city. Great view. Our room was clean and in good condition. For a room in a big city it was roomy. Bathroom a little tight but clean and it served its purpose.  The breakfast buffet was excellent. Lots of choices,  There seems to be two identical lines but they are not.  Go down both they do…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One night is enough,"This hotel is consistently the cheapest Hilton in London.  It’s close to Paddington station and not a long walk from most places and with a tube station very close by excellent for getting about.  However, it’s very busy with hundreds of people milling around so don’t go for a quiet stay. An upgrade was given, well I wonder how small the original room would have been as this was decidedly pokey.  The bathroom was tired, the fridge warm, the little containers of milk hopeless and the television reception atrocious.  2 terrestrial UK stations, poorly tuned or just rubbish reception and the remainder of stations hopeless.  Each station had subtitles that could not be turned off, but you don’t go to a hotel to watch tv but when guests arrive in the corridor outside your room at all…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Depends on price you pay,Rooms are clean - rooms are quiet if on the small side - The lobby teems with folks at hours of the day and night - Elevators can be slow. The gym is solid with lots of good equipment but not a lot of room to stretch or jump rope.  Pool is good but can be crowded. Breakfast buffet is basically a waste and the lines can be long - A phenomenal location and near some of the best Arab food in town if you need a late night snack. Bottom line a good deal at $120 a night - more than that probably not ,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,As per the manager fridge in room is,"Subject to availability and in my 5 nights was not provided. Pls remove it from your amenities then. Phone in room not working, Ac not cool enough, room not cleaned on the 2nd day. After complaining they did clean daily after that. Ice vending mc not functional on floor overall horrible experience in Hilton. ",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, comfortable stay and affordable.","We were on a Triple room with one queen and one single bed. The room was nice on the 23rd floor but very small. I guess that is normal for London. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was again very small and a bit dated. The location was good, right next to the bus stop and close to Hyde park. Lots of middle Eastern restaurants and stores in the area. Overall good.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very bad experience! ,"A very bad impression from this hotel. Bad towels dirty in a just cleaned bathroom, the cleaning service absolutely not at level of a 4 stars hotel with garbages abandoned in corridors leading to the rooms. The only good impressions came from the Italian employees on duty at the restaurant and in the breakfast area, always ready and helpful, especially Francesco Pedone who did his best to make us feeling welcome. ",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Except for the location, this is not a good hotel","Really not a good hotel! I would not stay there again if I have the choice. The service is terrible, rooms are of poor quality and the beds are so uncomfortable. My colleagues staying with me members of Hilton honors highest level were treated so poorly. I went for breakfast and sat for 20 minutes to try to get a cup of tea and no one ever came to serve me.  Totally overpriced and terrible hotel.  The location is good.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large hotel with an impressive entrance,","Great service when checking in, probably because we arrived early.. I'd checked in online and chose room 702, which is in the tower block. The room is a little on the small size, largely because of the king size bed which takes up most of the room. The room does have a fridge, which was very useful, however the cabinet it was in has seen better days. Felt like it could collapse at any moment. The room itself was clean.  The bathroom was quite small and could do with upgrading, flaking paint on the bath side and a gap around where the toilet handle has been replaced.  The A/C was adequate.  The buffet breakfast provided a very good range of both hot and cold choices. My wife, being gluten free, was pleasently surprised when she was offered not just two slices of toast (as seems…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Another lovely stay at this great hotel. Staff are amazing, really large sized family rooms, super breakfast.. We always stay at this hote mainly because of the lovelyl big queen superior rooms. Plenty of space for a family, with all the comforts and so much more.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great for families,"We find that this place is one of few hotels that consistently has family rooms available at short notice, and we have stayed a couple of times.  I would recommend going for rooms in the renovated west wing, and make sure you are very clear that you do not want to be in the tower.  We got a bit hoodwinked this time, as we booked a room in the west wing, but on arrival were told that the room would not be available for a little while. Instead we were offered a room in the tower at a reduced rate. I asked a couple of times if the room had been renovated, but the answer was skilfully evasive. The desk guy did not lie, but he certainly was deliberately unclear. When I asked again if the room had been renovated, he immediately dropped the rate again without quite answering my…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Metrople,"Long queue during check in, only 3 desks operated. Good service from desk, room was nice, bathroom in desperate need of upgrade. Slept well, breakfast buffet was upper class. Good service from staff..",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible... !!!!!,"No words can describe how terrible my stay was in this hotel   AC 0/10 Service 0/10 Reception 0/10 The room was dirty, they were moody and not helpful at all even the guy who brought us room service wasn't patient at all.. they didn't help us with our luggage and no answer to our calls even if they do they ask us to meet them at the reception..  i will NEVER EVER EVER stay again in hilton and i do not recommend it at all",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old Dame ,"Centrally located on Edgware road , check in was fast and efficient, Gabriele were amazing. Rooms are really dated , brought it to there attention and managed to arrange a better room on a higher floor the following day. Common areas are newly renovated, breakfast was always good , the executive lounge is also in need of an upgrade , but comfortable for a coffee etc. The concierge is very knowledgeable and as we were only using public transport for the 6 days we stayed, there advise was spot on. Lots of halal restaurants very close by , mainly middle eastern cuisine. Marks n Spencer opposite the hotel , with Waitrose supermarkets down the road around a 7 minute walk. Starbucks is available right outside should u opt for something other than middle eastern.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good and not so good,"My daughter and I stayed here for two nights on a recent weekend package coach holiday . The lobby area looked beautiful ( we are not usually hotel visitors, at the most we have stayed at a Travelodge a few times) so we were quite awestruck when we walked into the hotel. Then we got to our room , we were in a twin room in the Tower Block, and found it tiny and dark with a view of a brick wall, ladder and some sort of vents. If you craned your neck you could see a tiny square of sky. But the beds were comfy, there was plenty of tea and coffee and the telly worked.   We stayed on a crazily hot weekend and sleeping was difficult, we couldn’t open the window as the vents opposite our room were making a hell of a noise, as did the air conditioning in the room.  It is extraordinarily…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Service ,"After booking on Bookings.com I was extremely nervous after reading some of the negative reviews about this hotel from rooms to checkouts and in between .  I was going to cancel reservation but Giving the hotel the benefit of the doubt I went ahead with the reservation .   After a 17 hr non stop flight from Perth We arrived very early in the morning and asked if we could store our luggage till check in time, no problem .  Then a more senior manager came along looked  on the computer and sAid he could offer us two rooms instead of a family room free breakfast and the rooms immediately available , at no rxtra charge . He said these rooms were refurbished quieter away from  family rooms which can be noisy . We took them went upstairs and could have an instant sleep instead of…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect location for the city,This hotel is perfect for exploring the city by foot or by tube. Lovely facilities. Clean and practical rooms. Lots of places to eat close by. Highly recommend. Lovely staff and great people watching too!,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice stay,"Very nice stay at Hilton London Metropol. I visit it with my boyfriend, and we were satisfied  with everything. Service  was good , the receptionist  nice and knowledgeable.  Definitely  we will come back. ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very tired and dreadful beds,"My room was tiny, just room for two single beds.   The beds were basic wooden beds with wooden slats, and a thin mattress. Very disappointing and very difficult to sleep as I could feel the wood.   Add to that air conditioning that was noisy and didn’t seem to be cooling, I could even open the window due to secondary glazing, which was dirty.   The room was very tired, with torn wallpaper.   The bathroom didn’t have a bath, it was half a bath (like you see in the USA).   In the 21st century to charge for Wi-fi is absurd.   Would recommend you look elsewhere. ",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worthy of Hilton brand,"Summary: if you can stay somewhere else, do so. This is a 3 star hotel at best.  Hotel is badly outdated both in terms of look and function. No fridges work (was a problem for us storing some food and medicine). No ice machines on any floor work. No hot water for 24 hours. Elevators regularly out of service. Halls smell like people are cooking various dishes like fish, curry, etc. Staff seemed attentive, but unable to actually do anything to help. A number told us they were frustrated, management was aware of the issues, etc. Were promised a refund for future hilton stays but of course nothing materialized.  I have stayed in dozens of hiltons all over the world, and not had any issues. This was the worst by far, not worthy of the name.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing service ,"I stayed there for 5 nights with my family and we booked two rooms. Lobby is always busy like a railway station.   Staff on check in counter very slow. They never bothered to check my identity (did not ask for passport / photo ID). Did not bother to explain which wing (east or west wing) I am supposed to go. I ended up in the wrong wing with all my luggage only to find out the room number allotted to me were in the other wing.   Electric Kettle in one of the rooms wasn’t working. When requested they said it will be replaced. It wasn’t. Next day when we requested again, they said the hotel is full and no electric kettles are available. They said we will send the hot water for making the tea. We waited for almost an hour. I called again. Sounding very upset. They said the person…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Large Hotel,"This is a huge hotel.  It is very pretty, at least the parts that I saw.  One of the restaurants was closed for vacation.  Hight of tourist season is a strange time for a restaurant to close.  The rooms are smaller than American hotel rooms.  There are mini frigs and electric kettles in each room.  Hair dryer, safe, desk, chair, small seating bench, and tv too.  The staff is generally nice and helpful.  Not all of the staff speaks English well enough to communicate with guests.  I had a hard time getting clean cups and spoons from house keeping.  It is also a challenge to get ice – no ice machine.  One block from Edgware tube station.  Not too many good restaurants in the neighborhood.  Lots of convenient stores.   Hotelis quite pricey.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It was nice but not wow,Last year when I arrived prior to the time of check in by 3 hours the receptionist kept me waiting for 4 hours until she prepares the rooms which I discovered later that they rents the same rooms for late checkout people and I booked through honours club. This year I booked via booking and I got the old rooms in the old tower which has this weird smell and they as before kept me waiting for almost an hour although I came after the check in time by two hours. But the receptionist this time was way better than the one last year she gave us a voucher of free drinks from the bar. And when we received the rooms one of them was without mini bar I guess it was broken and the removed it and never replaced it.as well as the safety box was low batt. And broken but we managed to use it…,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hotel Stay Ever,Stayed here last week. Items went missing from our hotel room including my daughter's precious teddy bears they have had since they were babies. The hotel were extremely unhelpful. This ruined the last 2 nights of our stay and our wedding anniversary and has left my daughter's devestated. Do not stay here if you wish to leave with all your belongings or if you have young children.,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wish I could give a negative score,"This is the worst hotel I have stayed in during my 25+ years of jbterbatiinsk travels.  Dirty rooms, unresponsive staff, lack of decent WiFi, it goes on and on.   Do whatever you can to not stay at this hotel.  ",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great Breakfast, Great Location","Great Breakfast, Great Location, great staff,  really good coffee. After taking the Heathrow/ Paddington express it was a 5 minute walk to the hotel. It was just  steps from M&S and Edgware Station (circle line) and  if you don't want to eat at the hotel there are two great pubs within walking distance and MANY good Persian restaurants too.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Extremely disappointed,The worst hotel that I have ever stayed at! The staff were terrible and the rooms smelled  so bad of cigarettes and were so old and dis functioning. This hotel should not be open for business. The manager “Yousri” should NOT be allowed to open doors at toilets in a night club let alone be the manager of Hilton!,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE DO NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE,"We were here for 5nights, for the price we paid for a family room we ended up getting a small room which the Check-In staff had claimed was the same size as our original room. They said we would also receive a free Dinner and a pull up bed free of charge. However the room was absolutely terrible, first of all it was smaller than the room we had booked and paid for, secondly it was a connecting room with whom we had to share with noisy neighbors awaking us in the morning, thirdly there was a problem with the ac which was constantly leaking. Despite our numerous complaints the hotel did not bother to fix anything and their guest relations is always empty. On our final day in the hotel we had requested for a late check out which the hotel declined, so we called for our bags to be…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,services not acceptable at hilton metropole,"dear hilton honor memeber , pls be very careful when booking this particular hilton especailly with points, never book the twin standard rooom, it is the tiniest room ever, the tower win rooms are very small. always check your bill at checkout too",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised! ,"After booking the hotel for 4 nights for my granddaughter and myself, I read the reviews. Lots of them had really negative comments so when we arrived I had as pleasantly surprised. We arrived at 1 pm and our room was ready. Check in was fast and efficient. Our room was on the 10th floor, lift was speedy. The room was small but clean and well equipped, even having an iron and ironing board! (Which I did not use!) Breakfast was excellent, a fantastic choice and  staff were extremely friendly and efficient. The hotel is conveniently situated opposite Edgeware Rd tube station. I think that the hotel offers great value for money so don’t be put off by negative reviews.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent last minute stay,"This was booked very last moment after spending a great day in London and then arriving back at Kings Cross to discover it closed after a power cut. 11pm on a Friday night is not the ideal time to be trying to book a room for five in London but happily they had a family room left. They sorted an extra bed quickly and efficiently, the room was a good size and we took advantage of the tea and coffee making facility to grab a drink before heading to bed. The beds were comfy and provided a good nights sleep for some weary travellers. Check out was smooth in the morning. ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not meeting Hilton standard,"We stayed here two nights 11 days apart for first and last nights of bus tour. Our first experience saw us arrive at 1400. Staff said room was not ready, check in at 1500. No problem, we knew that so waited in common areas by Starbucks/Center Tower. Elevators were not functioning properly. Three of four were broke down and this services 23 floors! What a mess, place was a zoo with lots going on. The elevator issue had been going on for  well over a week so was a bizarre situation in a Hilton.  We got room at 1515, east wing after I refused to take a room in tower and deal with elevator breakdowns. Room was spacious but dated, wing is old, needs reno for sure. Friends were in Tower, room again okay but not what you'd expect with stained carpets and very small.  Breakfast was very…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Can't fault the service but quite run down.,"We stayed at Hilton Metropole in the first week of July '19. The hotel is situated conveniently close to Oxford Street but in a predominantly Arab quarters but that was not an issue for us. What wasn't nice was the general rundown state of the hotel. it was clean and well managed. The staff was very courteous and ever so helpful, always smiling in spite of having to deal with the hordes of people, mostly asians & chinese, constantly streaming in & out. Especially the breakfast room queues and seating of guests seemed like a challenging job but the staff did it efficiently, quickly and courteously. The hotel generally gives the feel of a railway station somehow... there are always too many people around. This certainly is not what one would expect of a Hilton. in that way, it did…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay at the Hilton Metropole,"The location of this hotel is fantastic! close to the underground, shopping and lots of food options. This hotel is centrally located (very close to Oxford Street), the rooms fit our family of 5 comfortably and the staff was very helpful.  We have stayed at this location 3 times and we really like it.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend visit,Arrived at hotel and was happily surprised room was already ready. We stayed in the Executive room so we had access to the lounge.  The room was abit tired around the edges but clean and comfortable. Alas Edgware Road is super busy so road noise and sirens all night. Executive lounge was good. Nice selection of food and plenty of seating.  Had some evening cocktails at the bar which were lovely too. Would recommend for location near to Regents Park and the canal. Just across the toad from the tube.  ,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No value for money,"Terrible hotel. The only good thing about it is the location! The fridge in our room wasnt working and i had a baby with me whos food needed refrigeration. I complained to staff several times but was not addressed. All food went bad, as i had to use a bucket with ice to store the baby food and it melted by morning. The rooms are very dated and not up to hilton standard! NEVER STAYING IN THIS HOTEL AGAIN!",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Kids screaming and banging doors to 130AM three consecutive nights- AVOID this hotel,"This hotel does not deserve the Hilton name. We had kids running down the hallway, screaming, and banging doors from 11 to 1:30AM for three consecutive nights.  The first night I let it go on for an hour before calling security. Security seemed to stop it at 130. The second night I called twice and I realized the kids stopped on their own at 130.  The next day management assured me the kids and their parents would be asked to leave if it happened again. Well, it happened again. Management comped us two rounds of drinks after the 2nd night but the waitress took the voucher after the first round because we did not order the right kind of drinks. This on top of asking for a hairdryer for 2 days and not getting one until I sat at the guest relations desk until they brought a…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Close and convenient,"We stayed for four nights recently as a family of five which included a one year old. We were put in the oldest wing of the hotel which is not issue we needed it for sleep so wasn’t a big issue. The magical time of 3pm hadn’t yet ticked over when we arrived which to be honest was frustrating as I had emailed letting them know we would arrive slightly before and after travelling for 36 hours we just wanted sleep. But Elona (I think her name was) was super friendly and apologetic which meant we got over it and went and got a coffee and just waited patiently. The rooms were are a bit tired but cleaned well enough daily. They are sound proofed enough to be comfortable. Breakfast was a nice selection, always fresh and the staff were always friendly and helpful. We always had early…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Disasters, chaos, and mayhem","The lobby of this hotel feels like an airport and the common hallways which lead to the rooms resemble and smell like those of an inner-city low-income high rise. Depending on the time of day, the common halls on the fifth floor either REEKED of ethnic cooking or rotting garbage. There were holes in drywall, doors off hinges, and random nails left where things previously hung. The grimy gray-colored walls were stained, leaving the bright white outlines/shapes where past decorations once hung. A vacuum cleaner/wet-vac was abandoned in the hallway leading to our room and stayed there for the 48 hour + period of time were were there.  This created a tripping hazard, an obstacle, and an eyesore. At least 1of 4 elevators to our tower was inoperable, and there were several broken…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Shocking rooms, appalling and incompetent service - AVOID","TL;DR – DO.NOT.EVER.STAY.THERE. EVER.  Longer version – looking, in the peak period of August and at the last minute, to book a suitable suite/connecting rooms for a family of 2 adults and 2 young children proved impossible through the main chains – aside from Accor, which I don’t patronize often, not a single one of them guarantees connecting rooms. For such a booking, the only option with just a couple of weeks to go appeared to look for rooms allowing 4 people in 2 double beds and the Hilton Metropole popped up with what seemed to be a decent room, judging by the photos on their site. I recalled attending a corporate event there many years ago and had a vague memory of fairly modern rooms then so booked it (I was completely wrong).  After a full day of traveling, we arrived…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A great hotel,"It is a great hotel in a great location.  We stay there every summer. They have spacious, clean family rooms.The staff are  lovely and helpful . I Would recommend this hotel  to my friends and my family. ",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Would not stay here again,"One word .... (( HORRIBLE )).... dirty, old, noisy, so small you cant walk in.. the TV did not work... they said our room was not available and gave us a smaller room and when we told one employee we wanted to upgrade he said there were no rooms available then when we asked another employee he said there was a room available and let us upgrade",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London metropole ,"First time in this hilton.  Sadly I have a lot more negnegative points than positive.  The hotel looks like it went through different phases of expansions that ended up in a number of buildings connected to form one big hotel, almost too big.  Reception is most of the time very busy, so expect a long waiting time in the queue even for a minor thing.  The room I had (executive) was very basic, however, everything looked neat and very clean.  The executive lounge was good size, not too busy when I went there, and offered good breakfast.  The checkout experience was not smooth at all. I had to pay for a number of rooms, so I went to reception the night before checking out, I explained to the receptionist what I needed. He confirmed he understood, and assured me that everything will…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"So called ""Kind Gesture""","So I booked in for three nights into this hotel with my family. When I went reached the hotel everything looked great at the moment. I went to the check in counter and booked this so called executive room over here. When I reached the room, room no 1034 I walked in to a tiny little room which had beds probably smaller than YMCA! This room was literally the size of a bathroom in 4 star hotels. The room had the worst furniture in the world which was scratched and covered in layers of cheap polish to hide the damage. The walls were also stained. I immediately called the reception to tell the to ""make it right"" or to give me a refund. I stayed in the room for 10 minutes and went downstairs to the reception. They did not provide any compensation, they did not listen to anything…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,In Need of Updating,We stayed here as were attending a cricket match at Lord's. The hotel has an underground car park which we booked with Just Park at a discounted rate. Upon arrival we were offered an upgrade to an executive lounge as Hilton Honors members.This was definitely worth it for the free food and drink till 8 and no queues for breakfast.  The ground floor is decorated to a high standard however the East Wing of the hotel where we stayed definitely needs an upgrade. The carpets and wallpaper were well worn with some rips and the whole feel felt dated. The room was ok but for 5* hotel our expectations were somewhat greater. On the whole a decent hotel and good location but could with a make over.,Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Reasonable stay,"At one point, perhaps just short of a generation ago, this would probably have been a perfect metropolitan 4 star accommodation. Now, not so much.   The lobby is excellent, very well decorated and has a relaxed feel. The clientele is varied and gives off a feel of successful well-to-do people. This is helped by the efficient, friendly, welcoming bar and restaurant staff.   Check-in is rather a different experience though; it needs to be faster. There must be some training (and more staff). I had to wait beyond the advertised 3pm check in time and I am a Diamond member of Hilton's Honors programme so this was slack and I expected better. However, the hotel was packed out so I suppose that is a good sign.   The hotel is clean, but rather old and dated. There needs to be some…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,looks can be deceiving,"£154 for one night. Room looked very scruffy, toilet didn’t flush, key card had to be re coded twice as couldn’t get into the lounge, cleaning staff trying to enter the room just after 8am! Wouldn’t stay here again! Still awaiting a reply to emails reference the stay",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Absolutely the worst hotel i ever stayed in,"Stayed in 4 different rooms over our 6-night stay! This is the first time I have every changed a room in all my business and personal travel. So, the first room was missing a bed and the springs were coming through the mattress on the other. Changed rooms for the next night. The second room had no air conditioning -- they offered us a fan -- seriously!? Changed rooms for the next night. The third room had no air conditioning, the television didn't work, the refrigerator didn't work, and there was NO hot water -- cold showers!! Changed rooms for the next night. Finally, the last room was nicer, but the a/c was weak -- only got to 77F .  Then on two of the first three nights, housekeeping knocked and wanted to clean the room. The rooms needed repair, not cleaning, and shouldn't…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Decent location, clean but so old and so dated...","I spent 2 nights in this place as part of a business trip. Fair to say this was a low level considering this wasn't a backpacking trip... walking distance from the Paddington station, the location is not too bad. The exterior and the lobby also look Ok but once I got to my floor I could see this is not what I was expecting. Old, wear-out, pretty much falling apart, this will be a good option for backpackers or people on a budget.  The only reason I didn't leave was it was clean and I only had 2 nights there. Never again, at least not while travelling for work.",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing staff and room!,Checking in was smooth. The room had a couple of issues and they changed our room on the second day and made sure we are well taken care of. The breakfast was great. Totally recommend it and will definitely rebook if going back to London :) thank you Hilton,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mixed Review,"The hotel lobby area(s) are beautifully decorated and the hotel looks stupendous upon entry. Check-in was painfully slow, not because the staff were working hard, just not enough of them. We were provided a door key to our room, only to find it was still occupied by other hotel guests !! The potential security issues were considerable as they were not in the room at the time) !! We returned to the front desk to rejoin the long slow queue to get a new room. The room was clean and functional, but the furniture a bit tired and dated. Bathroom was clean and nice as was the bed it self. Breakfast was very nice with a big range of foods available. The rest of the stay passed uneventfully.  Nice hotel, but the room key issue did provide some safety concerns.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,GENERAL UPLIFTING OF ROOMS IS REQUIRED,"It happened that my family stayed in this hotel in one of the hotest periods in London at 35o C . On the 2nd day we were supposed to move from 2 twin rooms into a quadraple family room (that was our reservation). It was agreed with the staff that our suitcases would be packed and they would do the movement by 3pm (normal check-in time). We returned to the hotel in the afternoon at 3:45 pm after an exhausting sightseeing day so as to have a bath and continue with our sightseeing tour, only to find out that our quadraple room was not ready yet and our suitcases had not been moved yet. By 5:30pm and after a lot of complaints our new room was ready, but our personal belongings were still not with us, as the congiere was very busy. They arrived at 6;30pm which spoiled all our…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never ever again in this hotel !,"I should have looked at the ratings before, but trusted wrongly the Hilton brand.... this hotel has an awful client experience. ... long waiting time to checking, got to the room and it smells like someone was smoking in my room. I would recommend all to not use this hotel ... for me NEVER AGAIN !!!  Not at all at Hilton standard. Wonder how this can be labeled a Hilton ???",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well located and modern hotel with good accommodation and staff,"I have stayed here many times, attracted to both the convenience of the location near Paddington station, but also to Edgware Rd tube.  The staff are very friendly and welcoming and I am a silver Hilton Honors member.  The hotel is very large with attractive lobby and dining areas.  There is also a fitness facility and pool.  I was accommodated in the tower wing in a newly refurbished room, which was clean and decorated in neutral tones.  The bed was comfortable and the shower clean.  Minor complaints regarding the tired pool area which is full of children, not good if you are looking to swim for exercise.  Also, the shower area in the changing room, and changing facilities, need updating.  The showers have a slightly unpleasant smell, and the changing rooms tired and dated.  I…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Downgraded without Warning, No Resolution, No Refund !!","I've booked an executive king room with them but to my surprise they gave me the cheapest guest room they had available, and they had the audacity to not fix the problem. Reception staff are clueless and did nothing. This hotel will deceive and steal from you, keep away. Even their global support is a mess. They're ""sorry for my bad experience and inconvenience"" and management will get back to me in like never. All this and I'm an HHonors member !",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,You got a be talented to miss managed hotel this bad,Hot water broken AC broken   The gym is horrible  Swimming pool is basically a chemical pool Magic line magically disappear  So does manager on duty never called back  Elevators consistently broken down The only nice thing is the fish n chip on room service ,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shabby,"I stayed two nights, with my mum, as a treat for her.  The downstairs was smart, as you'd expect from a Hilton, all shiny floors and full of people from around the world. But then you get upstairs...  We were on the 5th floor, room 523, at the end of the corridor, and the room was downright shabby. We wanted twin beds, which were comfortable enough, but mine sagged considerably on one side, and the bases had very sharp wooden edges, which my 60+ year old mother whacked her leg on. The room itself was tiny, and nothing like the light, airy shots you see on the website...  Nothing to see out of the window, other than an air conditioning unit. The bath had chips in it, and the shower head holder was broken, meaning it was pointing mostly at the wall.  And BBC1 on the tv didn't…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton Hotel I have encountered.  STAY ELSEWHERE,"Have traveled the world and many Hilton and other hotels.  Booked for vacation several months in advance.  Poor service at checkin ...waiting until 430 until finally got a room as a Diamond Elite member....staff and manager never showed much concern---condescending, nonchalant attitude despite going to desk 4 times to inquire (they do not contact you when room is ready I was told...????)   After checking in got our two rooms which were at best average, and completely separated down the hall from one another (not adjoining or close which was reason for choosing hotel when travelling c 3 kids). Broken icemaker on floor, one room smelled.  I have stayed at Comfort Inn's by airports in Podunk USA wayyyy better than this place. 2 stars only because the Executive Lounge was actually…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overcharged AT checkout and take 7-10 days to sort OUT!!!,"Check in a bit delayed and lots of pressure which ideally leads to many problems. I requested to be charged in full at check in and obviously NOT, as at check out I had a problem and still NOT resolved. Overall location is good, service is fair and standard. ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London,Bad hotel.. Air conditioning  not  work  No hot water Bad service  to repair air conditioning  And take 1 day to solve hot water problem  And the refrigerator not  work   After many calls  with Manger  they sent fans,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family room (still in...),"we are starting our second day and there is no HOT water in the shower and the solution .... Take the shower in the pool. ""Amazing"" Hilton's solution.  We got a stinking room. The complaint has not yet been processed.  The shower room - not clean",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hotel!!!!!! West Wing,"WORST HOTEL!! The good reviews on here are lies. People waiting around like flies for their rooms to be ready until 3:00pm on the dot. Very unprofessional. Cold Water and told to go to the 2nd floor to shower in the public gym area. Dingy room. No Remote. No room service menu. No blankets. No smart TV or movies, basic cable. Power outage on a Tuesday night (pitch black) and no guidance. Observed rude and condescending staff to others. Disappointed & Disgusted. ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,اسوء فندق من جميع النواحي,Worst hotel really bad service the worst maybe whenever we request anything it can take more than one hour waiting room too small bed uncomfortable toilet is too small room cleaner leave the trash full the air conditioners is not working power outage for the whole hotel first and last time in this two star worthy hotel ,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Bad customer service, run down rooms, non working phones, sinks,... You name it....","Run down rooms. Non working drains, non working phones. Then there is staff at the breakfast restaurant that looks at every guest as if they are thieves. Reporting any issues to the duty manager has no value because things don't get fixed regardless. The staff will proudly tell you that the business targets and customer satisfaction are at opposite ends of the spectrum.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible room and smelly bathroom,"Description (pictures) of the room in the reservation not corresponding to reality, very old room and smelly bathroom. Definitely time for renovation. I didn’t expect something like that from a major hotel chain like HILTON.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staff nice but ...,"Staff was friendly and effective and I've got  a larger room. But elevators were partially out of function and extremely slow. Then no late checkout even for Gold, no lounge. Rooms need to be renovated and the aisle was dirty in the morning, ok let's blame the nice guests. Breakfast: coffee was very poor, you have to request cream, no ordinary sugarless oats, no nuts, no bottled water, no whole grain, but a range of oriental food. ",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,fantastic,"amazing stay at hilton metropole, i strongly recommend others to do so. the most attractive places are closed to you, express train can serve you from london Heathrow Airport to paddington station within 15 minutes.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Such a dissapointment,"My husband and I stayed at this hotel back in 2006 for 7 nights, the room we had was great and the service was superb and the location was also great.  I boasted about this hotel to others for the last 13 years.  Unfortunately, my son and I recently stayed here in May and I was embarassed by the entire one night stay, I immediately made plans to not return at the end of our vacation and was so glad I had already made plans to visit the Hilton at Wembley instead.  Getting back to this hotel, in 2006, after traveling all night we were able to have our room early, this time the front desk staff kept reiterating that check in was at 3pm (we arrived at 10am).  Once we got to the room it was very run down, very tacky and not at all Hilton quality that I am used to. I wrote to Hilton…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Outdated and Expensive,"Sadly, considering the great location of this hotel, this is not a Hilton that I would stay in again.   Staff were courteous enough, but check-in/check-out is an inefficient nightmare, and many other guests were noticeably unhappy during this process. People were left waiting while 3-4 staff were standing at one check-in station, and no heed was paid to the separate ""Hilton Honors Gold/Diamond"" line (did they not believe I'm Hilton Diamond because I was wearing shorts and a t-shirt during a very hot London summer?).  Rooms are tiny, outdated, dingy, and in need of repair (stained carpets, damaged walls). Locks are a terribly frustrating card system that you could not simply swipe and go in. You have to press the card hard to the side of the magnetic reader or it will not read…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Reasonable location but hotel is dated,"Stayed here for one night on a business trip, hotel was easy to find from Paddington station and only a 10 minute walk.   Reception and bar area very modern but rest of the hotel very dated. I stayed on the 12th floor and room was tatty, bed was uncomfortable and tv and entertainment system was like something from the 80’s.   Everyone seemed to be experiencing issues with card readers and accessing their room but they do work eventually!  Plenty of selection for breakfast but quality was average at best.  Probably wouldn’t choose to stay here again if there were other options for similar money",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Ground floor modern, the rest is very dated and tired","Stayed here for work, and as you expect being central London it was pricey, the oustside looks old and tired but reception and ground floor is impressive and modern.  Once passed the 1sr floor the rooms was are well used and dated, with dark wood generally worn fittings everywhere, heavily  stained carpet, peeling wood and worn curtains held on with paper clips!!! One plug socket and a fridge from the 80’s, the room card took 10 attempts to gain access   However it was comfy and the ancient aircon did work   If I had paid £150+ of my own money I would have been very disappointed   Seriously overdue a a facelift",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Diamond member .Real review.,"I stayed at this hotel some days ago, room 1388,in the West Wing It is a spacious room with a view towards the London eye.I had a speedy and effective check-in done by Adriana and Monica (the Executive Lounge receptionists ). They were both extremely helpful and they are a real asset to this Hilton property.  The breakfast lounge is roomy . My piece of advice is to go there before 8.30. It tends to get crowded after that time .(You'll have to wait in line till someone leaves).  The breakfast staff are on the run , refilling the trays with food, clearing the tables.There is a large array of food for every taste and culture (typical Continental hot breakfast, Indian Cuisine,and lots of Arabic dishes, since a huge number of guests come from Arabic speaking countries )  The room was…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Metropole not good,"This hotel lacked decent service and attentiveness from hotel and restaurant staff alike. The area surrounding this hotel is ok if you are from the Middle East, but if western or English it is not a place to stay . ",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"To big, Past it sell by date!","Very busy hotel you have to Que for every thing.  Reception obviously communication is an issue receptionist told us that sports bar was a great venue but was closed for all off our stay. I requested high floor but was given a King executive room with executive room access on the second floor! Our room was poor quality and bathroom was dated and definitely needs remodelling. The mini bar in the room had been decommissioned by local management so no fridge. The restaurant was poorly organised I ordered sea food pizza, salad and chunky chips and got a margarita pizza so had to wait for what I had ordered to be cooked while my wife had to eat hers alone, too add insult to injury I was charged with both pizzas! Will not be coming back.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,was like staying in a run down bed and breakfast,we were away for 2 night on business in london at hide park the hotel location was great on arrival everything seems great it was only when we got to our room things started gong down hill  the room had not been dusted properly the bed side cabinet on one  side was missing the fridge did not work and over night the room flooded room 425 east wing   this was reported and we were moved to room 233 same wing despite comment being made on how clean the room was this was not taken into account when we arrived in the new room again was not clean alot of dust stained carpets and again fridge not working this is not what we would expect in an executive room   we had breakfast on the first day which we stayed for all of 5 minutes the food was cold the coffee not that great we didnt even…,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worn out rooms,"Terrible Smokey rooms, worn out flooring and rooms, not a great area. They moved us from one wing to the other to get away from the smoky rooms on the second floor. The first floor of one of the wings is a smoking section in the smoke rises up my other associate was on the third floor and the smoke was all the way up to that floor. A lot of the people I frequent this hotel smoke a lot so I’m not sure that the rooms are staying smoke free",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing," I just walked into my room and i already want to leave. The only reason they get stars is thanks to the staff. The beds are uncomfortable, stains on the rug, annoying sound from vents, and bathroom is stinky and old. I’ve gone back in time. Plus, my deluxe room originally booked was not available. Honestly, the worse Hilton I’ve ever stayed in and write this after just walking into my room ten minutes ago.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid the top floor!,"The 23rd floor of the main hotel is old, worn out, and not typical of a Hilton property.  I was robbed from my suitcase and hotel staff never even responded to the report made.  We were part of a tour group and I hope that they never use this hotel again.  Upon arrival room was not ready/cleaned and when we came down to advise the front desk staff, they argued that we must wrong.  We had to wait another hour for the room to be cleaned.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not my first choice for our next visit to London,"Our business allows us to travel and we have been to London several times.   We always try to stay at a Hilton property, but had not visited this hotel before.  It’s a very large hotel with three towers.  There seemed to be several trade shows or conventions in progress.   It’s an older hotel that needs some attention.  Everything worked, the room was clean, the staff was efficient and courteous.  The hotel wasn’t a good fit for what we had planned.  Next time, I plan to stay at a smaller hotel, closer to planned activities.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible value for money,"Hotel in a strategic area close to tube station. My experience has been negative for the following reasons. I paid 300 euro for a room and the one I had was absolutely small and outdated. I went back to  the reception  and they moved me to a fresh one. Still very small. The new room was fine but the minibar was empty, even not a single bottle of water. Please make sure you get a renewed room, in any case there are many cheaper and better options.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One hour to check into a poor with no air conditioning. Avoid room 409,Huge hotel avoid. Arrived just before midnight after a long day at work. Inept reception staff couldn't find my reservation. Staff tried to send me to Paddington station Hilton 0.5 miles away. Queried and queried the booking. Night duty manager Kemon arrived after an hour and found my booking in 20 seconds. Room 409. Tired and dated. Decor around door crumbling. Air conditioning is old. My five year old could blow harder. The room never got cool. Carpet was stained outside the bathroom. Only 7 TV channels. Not value for money.    Breakfast good.   Morning reception staff failed to apologise completely for failings. Go to a Premier Inn for a better bed.,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expect a large mass production hotel with basic pleasant service,"Its indeed a very large hotel, do not expect individual recognision and service by their team members. However, Good basic and clean rooms. Its more than affordable and good value, breakfast can be hectic and with a que. Lobbybar is nice and good drinks. Everything works well, just expect it is huge and not top modern. Location when arriving with Heathrow Express is unbeatable. I would stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dirty and smelly!,"Don't let the Lobby of this place fool you. You walk in and it's freshly remodeled, nice bars and restaurant but then you hop in the elevator.  When the doors opened on the 10th floor I thought I was in and old college dorm.  The hallways are old and dirty and rooms follow suit.  My first room 1015, had 2 twin beds? I haven't slept in a twin since I was 10 years old.  The room was super basic and very dated.  I tried to plug in my phone charger and had to keep a coffee cup wedged under it to keep it plugged in.  I requested a room change with a normal size bed.  My next room 518 it dirtier than the first. Stains on the sheets, old furniture falling apart, the bathroom smells like piss and no air conditioning! I can't believe this is a HILTON.  And I'm stuck here all week!",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Globus travel,"Dirty rioms,No working toilets,smelled of vomit. In a very dangerous part of London!!!! Globus rep blew me off when we tried to tell her how bad our room was. The guy checking us in was horrible,snotty,with obvious hatred of Americans. ",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly handy for Wembley Stadium,"Myself and a friend went to see The Who, which of course was a well attended gig. Because of that all of the budget hotels in that area were fully booked or hiking up the price. However this hotel if very convenient for the Bakerloo line with Edgewear station across the street. The Bakerloo line runs all night and when you get back to the hotel the smart hotel bar gives you a warm welcome.   The amenities are as you would expect from a Hilton, my room was cosy but had everything I needed and if you book in advance or/and become a member you can get some great value stays.   Parking is available on site but the prices reflect the local costs for parking, however Paddington station  is just a 10 min stroll away so leave the car at home.   Overall a great stay in a comfortable…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Scam!,Had booked the stay over a month ago for 1 room of 2 double beds for 3 adults and 1 child and paid in advance. Arrived after a flight of 8hrs. On check in which was at 8pm the front desk Stefano Guerrera was extra nice and offered to give us 2 rooms instead after getting an acknowledgement from his manager. The rooms were on the 2nd floor and nothing close to what was originally booked. These are the size of pigeon holes. The ceiling is so low and claustrophobic. But we were so tired that we just left it. Its day 2 now and we realized something is amiss after checking the original room pictures of my booking. Went to check with the reception and the other staff Alexandru knew very well what had happened. Saying that because we checked in late our room was given to someone else…,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comedy of Errors,On check-in got a room with guests already in there!  Had to drag 4 suitcases and 2 hand bags first to the wrong room and then to the right room without concierge assistance.  The systems had issues whether we had paid for breakfast or not on one of the mornings (we had paid!).  On check out our paid taxi was assigned to another customer which meant that the taxi came back to pick us up after 1 hour !  The hotel management made no effort to make up for all these errors and more during our 5 day stay.,Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,BIG PROPERTY,Good property.lovely staff all over the hotel.excellent and humble staff in the restaurant.would definately recommend it to my friends.good decor.not been to edg bar but looks very creative.will definately come back.,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Top Class Hotel, Great Location","I was in London on business for a couple of days. This hotel was a great location, near to Paddington station. Top quality hotel, and very reasonably priced for such a hotel in London. Great service, lovely room with all the amenities you'd expect. I will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,If you’re gonna stay there-you have to read this review! NEVER COME BACK!!!,"We had a terrible experience in Hilton London Metropole. First, the hotel is too big and has 3 different buildings and it’s really hard to find your way. Hotel area isn’t safe and some parts in the hotel has a really bad smell. Although it seems that the hotel is close to Oxford Street, it’s not that close and to get there, you have to pass through a non sympathetic street- Edgware Road, with a lot of immigrants and homeless. We got awful rooms! All the floor and in practically the rooms smelled terrible! They obviously didn’t clean our rooms! The furniture was rusty and old, dust everywhere, urine stains on the bed sheets, and black stains on towels. The water in the toilet didn’t flush and the bathroom was so unclean that we couldn’t even get a shower because we were so…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Welcoming London Experience,"I flew in from Australia and presented myself at the check in counter at 6am not expecting anything except for my luggage to be held. I was pleasantly surprised to be allocated a room and offered breakfast! This was much appreciated as it allowed me to wash and change before spending a day in London. Location opposite Edgware Rd tube station was excellent. Easy walking distance to Leicester Square and Piccadilly Circus. Room was renovated and comfortable, though a little small. Welcome chocolates and bottled water were appreciated. Hotel had a heated indoor pool and well equipped gym. Many nearby cafes. Good executive lounge with generous evening service.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don’t be fooled by the nice lobby.,"Don’t be fooled by the pretty lobby. A king bed here is two twins pushed together and I suspect they were box springs as they were extremely uncomfortable. The refrigerator didn’t work, the shower head leaked and spilled water all over the floor during the entire shower. I had to go down to the front desk twice to get new key cards because they stopped working. Good luck getting someone on the phone when you dial the front desk. I actually left it off the hook to see how long it would take and we went downstairs and when we came back, it was still ringing. Breakfast was pretty good. We will be back to London but we won’t be staying here. I’d rather spend more to get a good nights sleep on a comfortable bed so I am more rested during my vacation. Our rooms were on the 8th floor…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wary after reading reviews,"Stayed here as part of a group tour and weren’t looking forward to the stay after reading lots of negative reviews. We were pleasantly surprised. Yes our room in the tower wing was a little tired but it was clean and the bed was comfortable. Most of the staff were friendly and helpful but there were a couple that we encountered who just don’t want to be there. Marcel at reception was great, as was the lady who serviced our room. The buffet was quite good. The hotel just needs to sort out it’s staffing as the couple of non interested and apathetic staff spoil the experience.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Unacceptable, Stay Away","What we paid for three rooms for 5 nights is absolute robbery. Lobby was nice, hallway floors were disgusting: riddled with trash and smelled like mold. Thank goodness there was no smoking. Rooms had beat up furniture, cracks in the faux wood and missing pieces. Wi-Fi was horrible. ""Just Be Right"" is a BS slogan. They couldn't get it right. You had to time breakfast to eat in the main room, otherwise you were sent to the dungeon to eat. The breakfast itself was good in the main restaurant, my only highlight of staying in a 350 pound/per night room. This place is NOT worth the money. To use the exercise room you to travel through a smelly and dirty locker room. The room towels were nice. The TV had only 3 channels that worked. BBC, Skynews and one other. Ever hear of Dish? This…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location.  Not so great room.,"We were there for 3 days on the second leg of our London visit.  We stayed on the 6th floor of the West Wing.  The first day, the flushing mechanism on the toilet broke.  The 2nd day, the circuit breaker on the side of the room where the wall plus tripped which did charged my phones causing my phone to died that night while I got lost on the subway preventing me to call Uber to get home.  Also the wall plug for the 110 V adapter was positioned too low for the USB cord to be used.  The sink was cracked but it was functional.   The BIGGEST problem/hazard was that the shower/tub was a good 6 inches higher than the floor,  so when you stepped out of the tub, you may loose your balance and fall, especially for someone as myopic as I am.  I nearly fall, and was able to catch myself by…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Hilton metropole,"I have often stayed in this hotel before, but have always been in the west wing where rooms are good. This time I stayed in the Tower wing, the room was old and poorly furnished, the room had a fishy smell, and the TV did not work. The hotel staff are great, the quality of accomodation and the price was poor",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Serviceable but tired hotel,"We stayed in the west wing for a week while on a family vacation.  According to the desk, the west wing is the most recently renovated part of the hotel.  First impression of the hotel comes from the entry, bar, and common areas.  It shows very well from there.  Move to the residential part of the hotel, and it is apparent the upkeep money is spent downstairs.  The 10th floor we stayed on had a very noticeable odor, and all wood trim in the hallway is banged up and used hard.  The room itself was reasonably good, clean and well kept up.  Our time in the room revealed several weaknesses.  TV channels for late night viewing are abysmal - 22 channels, half work, and the other half broadcast mostly unwatchable material.  No pay per view here either.  For the price of these rooms,…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This is a shockingly bad hotel,"Stayed here for business in the Paddington area for 5 nights and it was 5 nights too many. Nice looking hotel lobby, great bar with a super beer selection and good service. But the rooms! Shocking. My first room overwhelmingly smelt of smoke. This was a non smoking room. I woke up after two nights feeling like I had smoked cigarettes, just coughing up a lung. Just in the fabric of the entire room, from the mattress to the bathroom and reeking carpet. And 1 working power outlet, at the desk, not by the bedside. Totally impractical. I complained immediately on arrival - the next day they freshened the room which means they sprayed something. No impact. And again to the hotels credit they did let me change rooms despite the hotel being overbooked after my second night. The second…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The choice of a hotel is multifactorial. For me, this time, it was location as it was close to the Lords Cricket Ground. However, with the name HILTON, i had more expectations. The lobby and staff were good. The room phone didnt work well. The room's air conditioner didn't work and somebody had to come fix it. I realized later that i had left my jacket and nobody ever called me to let me know.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expecting something better,"Huge hotel in very good location. Happy they provided me upgrade to T2E until I arrive to the room. Refurbishment is mandatory in such an old room. Modern lobby, friendly staff in the bar, good breakfast and good gym. The executive lounge is one of the best in Hilton london as you can serve yourself whatever you want. It has potential but they really need to do something with the rooms.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"The staff was great, but...","When checking in, the front desk staff was awesome.  The concierge stored our bags so that we could have lunch.  We ate in the lounge downstairs (called Edg.)  The menu is quite limited, as it is a bar and lounge.  The food was good, and the service was amazing.  Had a great Gin and Tonic.  When our room was ready, we went upstairs.  Our room (232) was adjacent to the Executive Lounge, so there was often noise from the staff setting up, or cleaning.  The room was clean, but tired.  This hotel is in desperate need of a face lift. The other days we stayed there, the restaurant on site was closed for a private lunch, so Edg was the only place on site to eat.  Since it has a limited menu, it is difficult to eat there regularly, so going out became necessary.  This is unfortunate for…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel but very disappointed with breakfast,"Wasn’t upto scratch ! Hotel is very nice and clean, bathrooms and main room could do with an update , unfortunately breakfast was not upto much , we arrived at the rack house for breakfast only to be told it was to busy and we should go downstairs to -3 level in one of the suits , when we arrived there was very little on offer , there was no beans , hash brown or bread for toast left , the coffee had also ran out , staff were apologetic but they could not resolve the matter. Will not be returning !!",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shabby in need of refurb,"This hotel is ideally located however it is barely 2 star quality. The rooms are shabby in desperate need of makeover. Room smelt, TV had 2 working channels. Room service...pasta dish I’ve had better cooked by children, it was inedible. As a frequent visitor to the city this hotel is no longer on my list Attached ...photos of chair in hotel room and crumbling paintwork",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Unbelievable,"This hotel is just a parade of incompetence. I won't get into the whole thing about being dragooned into a boring conference room for breakfast, even though the main room had scores of available seats. But I will get into this: Here it is 6 pm and I am **still** waiting for my room, 742, to be cleaned after going by the front desk two times to request cleaning. They made like it was my fault for having put up a ""do not disturb"" sign -- but that sign came off the room door this morning at 11 am. So in seven hours, after two explicit requests, they have not been able to get the room cleaned. Despite the convenient location near Paddington I don't think I'll ever stay here again. The place has all sorts of problems, including deteriorating fixtures in the rooms, and is absolutely…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rude Staff & Third class service,"They don’t know or understand he meaning of hospitality,will not stay with them or anyone going with family and want to have good time,they have only one answer to everything that is NO..Staff is extremely extremely rude.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Is filling a bag at breakfast the same as shoplifting?,"We arrived at the Hilton hotel (our 16th visit with Edwards Coaches) at 3.15pm.  We had paid substantially for an upgrade but were unhappy with the room No. 887 which was a very nice room but looked across at another multi-storey block.  We returned to Reception and they were quite happy to move us.  Room 2110 was excellent with a panoramic view of London.  We could pick out many famous buildings.  Unfortunately we had a connecting door to room 2112 and I could often hear the occupants..  Had the standard cooked breakfast each morning – (a huge selection) then I had fruit, yogurt and cheese and some cakes with several cups of coffee.  Surprised to see people quite openly stealing food.  On a nearby table a woman was filling her bag with fruit then wrapping cakes in napkins –…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,waste of money,checked in. the room was so bad with no mini bar. the fridge not working i needed to keep my insulin injections in the fridge. tjhe put a fridge eventually in the room. the rooms were not cleaned till 4pm and when we complained we were told that house keeping is done every second day. breakfast was very bad. with dirty crokery. would not get coffee. eventually started eating breakfast out. staff not helpful. would never stay there again.,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We stayed here on a business trip mid-week as we were attending an awards evening.  The hotel reception and bars look impressive, the staff on the check-in desk are very friendly and helpful.   Unfortunately, my room (520) was extremely dated and worn out. It also smelt a little odd..the bathroom sink was cracked and it just generally wasn't great. The air con unit was so loud it kept me awake, and I just couldn't work out how to switch it off (I should imagine the answer is, you can't.)  Breakfast was adequate although we did have to queue as it was obviously busy at 9am.  Good location near to the tube, M&S etc. Just a shame my room was completely run down.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful,"Awful place.  Nice looking reception but that’s it... then you get in the lift and downhill from there.  The rooms are dated and that’s being kind really kind, The noise from the hallway went on all night. The bed was as comfy as a concrete bench, the bathroom had paint pealing off, the electric shaving socket was hanging off the wall. I won’t mention the view and the area outside the hotel..  Having stayed in many other central London hotels I would avoid this it’s the pits.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and nice accommodations.,The hotel is very close to the Edgeware stop for the Underground. It was super easy to get from Heathrow to the Hotel.  There are a few pubs near by and plenty of options for dining late in the evening if you get back late from Central London. ,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A mixed experience,"Things I like about this hotel: convenient location to Paddington Station price compared to other Hilton properties in the area facilities on the ground floor - restaurants, coffee takeaway & shop, restaurants proximity to the Paddington canal basin area  Things I do not like about this hotel We stayed twice in the span of a 10 days and I stayed there 4 years ago. On all of those occasions, my room was tired, beat up and dated. The windows are not clean and the view is not what it could be as a result. Bottled water is not provided in the rooms and is limited to one bottle per Hilton Honors member.  The television channels are atrocious - less than 6 available and 2-3 of those were foreign language (Russian and Arabic) and along the line of what one would find at a budget hotel.…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Make It Right-Not,This hotel is lacking in many ways. first room on a non smoking floor stunk of cigarette smoke. Room keys consistently do not work. up and down the elevator to get rekeyed; no not related to card being near a cell phone. Supervisors unresponsive disinterested staff unsupported. Not to the standard you would expect of a Hilton. checked out early and moved to a new hotel.,Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews," Deteriorating Quality, doesn’t look like a Hilton","Hilton Diamond member here. I have stayed at this hotel several times each year over the last 4 years.  The quality of service, including room service food delivery, air conditioning in summer  (had to change room twice) and shabby bathrooms are really a turn off in East and West Wings.  The only rooms that look decent are in the Tower Wing, the Deluxe types but bathrooms although new, are very small! Executive Lounge does need some renovations. The staff are generally nice and they try to be helpful, but what can they do when the rooms require work up? ",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disaster,"I have been staying at this hotel for 4 years and every time its get bad to worse.  Staff is disrespectful , break fast is stale and room service makes u wait for ever   The only benefit is the location.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mr,"I visit this hotel due convenience, time and time again it leaves me with my skin crawling, Hilton should be ashamed to have this under their umbrella.  When asked if the room was ok or just more stains..... how can you detect cleanliness????? Horrible.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Run away, don't stay here","I am now in the worst hotel room I have ever stayed in.  It is tiny, cramped, dingy and dark.  There is one free outlet.  There is less than a foot of space between the bed and the TV.  The room is old and dingy and was probably a closet or a storage room.  There is no room in the bathroom to even stand and shut the door, it is that tiny.  Customer service here is non-existent.  Clearly they do not care.  Vote with your $ and avoid this hotel-- you, too, could get a room like this which is a complete insult. I would be scared to reserve a room and get stuck where I am.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"We stayed at this hotel for two night we had a nice suite on the 10th floor overlooking London. The suite had a big terrace, however, I was not able to go outside because of health and safety! So every time in wanted to go out, it was another ride in a glass lift, at a quick look at the people swimming in the poll. Our room was very clean with a good size bed with nice sheets and pillows. A large bathroom with a bath and a walk-in shower, not that I tried it, but the family did. We had a nice sitting room with a big sofa and chair with a footstool and a dining table and another bathroom. We enjoyed our stay very much. Best of all was having my own door hanger to let housekeeping know I was on guard.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, comfortable family room for 4","Overall was very pleased with the hotel.  Once you understand the location in relation to the different Underground stops then you realize it is in a very convenient location to all the attractions.  The buffet was extensive offering a variety of foods but was kind of busy when we went.  Staff were friendly, beds were comfortable and overall clean.  Bed linen strangely does not have flat sheet between the mattress sheet and the comforter so assume the comforter covers are clean for every visit.  My daughter liked the daily shortbread cookies in the room and I enjoyed making tea whenever I wanted.  My husband liked the location close to Hyde Park for running.  Surprisingly the room was very quiet given that it is next to busy roads.  We slept well in the 2 queen beds which is…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay Away,"Having completed our first night and first breakfast here, I would strongly encourage you to stay elsewhere. We are staying in the west tower, which looks like a hospital converted to a hotel. This tower has the family superior rooms, which has 2 queen beds and a sofa bed. Nice setup, but the room has no mini fridge, and a fridge is apparently unavailable for us. Not a fridge to be found in the entire hotel. The girl at the front desk, Iman, could not accommodate my husband by putting 4 bottles of water (Hilton provided) in a fridge anywhere in the hotel for us to take with us the next day before starting our tour.   After 10 mins of back and forth, her coworker from another station finally leaned over and said “why don’t you just give them a voucher to get cold water from the…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor Customer Experience,"My employer booked a conference in this hotel for a few days, so we also booked most of the rooms. I needed to extend my stay (arriving a day earlier) due to no flight availability in the original planned arrival. Unfortunately there were no rooms available, which is understandable. What I don't understand is that they charged me for the whole sum. Not only this is poor customer experience, but a poor business decision as well. Had they been more flexible, I would be glad to come again - on my own dime.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good service ,Service was excellent breakfast was amazing 😉 bar staff was really nice  professional service was fantastic 👍   Good location city centre love this place   Breakfast staff really nice short and sweet trip ,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Would go elsewhere,"Stained carpets, wallpaper, curtains.  No robes, slippers, shower caps. Needs a vaccum.  Fridge did not work the entire time we were there, even after complaining 3 times.  Very limited TV channnels. Cheap toilet paper and tissues. Grotty bathroom.  Rooms are not like pics on site. Whole room needs a good clean and updating.  Breakfast was good",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't do it,"Terrible hotel. Just don't choose this hotel. Check-in was painfully slow although the staff were friendly. On the 23rd floor our room had a great view but that's the last positive comment. Room itself was tired- lots of marks on the walls, furniture stained, threadbare and scuffed. Bathroom basic but Ok although shower was poor. However the main problem with the room was our TV. On arrival it wasn't working and had to contact reception twice before anything was done. However problem not fixed and we only had two channels for our stay- BBC One & Four. Now for breakfast- a truly horrible experience. Had to queue just to be seated at a table. Food rubbish and atmosphere is best described as a noisy canteen.Warning- don't have the cooked breakfast- horrible and largely inedible. We…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel needs renovation!,"Big mistake, not reading hotel room tips before we booked. We did book the room with a good deal. No major expectation.  Still disappointing nevertheless, especially after I took up a Status match Gold challenge. I would think twice or thrice to stay at Hilton property despite Gold status.   Now I read the review, it seems like the modern/refurbished rooms are on the West Wing. We got a room in East wing. Really bad condition. TV has a really bad resolution and was frozen a couple of times.  Only one time complimentary bottle of water (despite elite member).  Even the lamp switch looked like its never been changed since ages ago. the bed made noises for one tiny movement - clearly very old. Bathroom had dents. Iron was partly broken.  Maybe they put guests with discounted rates…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Don’t stay here - very tired, dumpy hotel rooms","While location is decent (only reason the hotel gets one star)...everything about this hotel fails to meet basic expectations for a Hilton hotel.  The beds are something from the 70’s that creek from old springs with no cushion, the furniture in the room is from the 70’s with full array of dents and chips...more or less the same for the tired old bathroom finishes.  The breakfast is a joke.  The quality of the breakfast buffet is on par with a cheap high school cafeteria.  The staff at the hotel could care less about anyone staying here.  Still have two more miserable nights at this hotel (if only I did pre-pay)...don’t make the same mistake we did, find another property.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortably the worst hotel I've ever stopped in,"Faulty Tower eat your heart out - ***AVOID THIS HOTEL*** - Dont waste your money!  This hotel is an absolute disgrace. The room i had to sleep in was vile, the bathroom was filthy the shower was no more than a dribble and dont even get me on to my bed!!  I would have been better off sleeping in my car or the sofa in reception.  The stained mattress was so worn out i cant believe it hasn't been replaced.  This room cost me £250 for one night.  Why ""Hilton"" put their name to this is a surprise as it's worse than a youth hostel.  The pictures cannot be argued with.  How this is a £250 a night hotel i will never know.  The check-in was as big a shambles as the room, as it took 3 different people to get involved to rectify things.  Oh and dont forget they have a swimming…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Duped to take a shabby room,"Checked in on the 19th, I had a booking confirmed for a Queen Superior however, I was asked to switch to a twin room, not knowing what that exactly meant at the time I agreed. Well well, what a disappointment the room was musty, old and in need of desperate love. The carpet was stained and horrible, bed rock solid and AC as noisy as a train passing through Edgware rd. In hindsight if I’m ever asked to switch to a different room I should ask is it like for like and why?! Not impressed and hope to never book this again. Room 549, avoid like the plague and refuse to take. ",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shabby but not chic...,"Within 30 seconds of entering the room this evening, which is in desperate need of refurbishment, I banged my shin off the ridiculous bed frame.  Bring shin pads if you plan to visit.  Fully expecting to do some serious damage to my shin if I get up in the night to visit the loo!  On the subject of the loo - pretty dismal and in need of some TLC, or a bulldozer.  ",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Won't use again,"I arrived at the hotel and was impressed with the check in and lobby area.  But was quickly disappointed when I stepped out the lift onto Floor 23, it was really run down and old.  On getting to my room it was even worse, it smelt of smoke, the windows were broken, stains on carpets and lamps, worn chairs, broken shower in the bathroom.   I promptly went back downstairs and complaint, the staff were really helpful and found me another room, an upgrade in another part of the hotel that was much better.    There is clearly a part of the hotel that has been renovated and a part that hasn't.   I had to try FOUR different floors within the hotel before I found a working ice machine.   It's in a handy location but isn't somewhere I'd use again. Definately doesn't live up to the Hilton…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Descent place to stay,"I stayed there for 4 nights, hotel location is good but rooms are quite shabby with dusty carpets. I can not expect such a low standard from HILTON . I stayed in various properties of Hilton in USA/Canada/ New Zealand but this was worst. i am HH member ( SILVER) but this time i am not happy with property. their staff also is very cold i complained about house keeping but no action taken.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rundown,"The hotel has a great location close to the underground. However the hotel rooms and hallways in particular really left something to be desired. Water damage stains, peeling wallpaper, worn carpet, and mildew in the showers were all present everywhere. We were able to use the executive lounge which was fantastic. Good selection. Great service. Quiet. If we visit London again I would likely not choose this property. ",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My saviour ,The manager - what a star !  After shocking service at Paddington Hilton I decided to come here and sorry but how can the Hilton Paddington even use the same hotel name. It’s like a cowshed compared to this and the service is just as expected at a REAL Hilton.  The Manager went above and beyond with a favour and did it with humour.  Looked after ? Yes I felt like it ! I’ll be back   Thank you ,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, Great staff","We had a group that stayed here and used 3 rooms.  The staff was great and accommodating to some changes and needs that we had.  The location was good - places to eat within walking distance, and near 2 underground stations which was very convenient.  We would stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family trip,"This was one of the only hotels we could find that could accommodate 5 members of our family. 2 Queen beds and pull out couch for a sofa sleeper was what we needed and this hotel had that. Good location with easy access to Edgware road or Paddington underground and train stations both within walking distance. Excellent selection and diversity of local restaurants and eateries just outside the hotel. Overall, very good value and location for family trip to London and tourist activities.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very old tired rooms, lively bar.","If you are offered a room in the Tower Wing - refuse at all costs. I stayed here 30 years ago when it was the independent Metropol Hotel. Amazed to find that it hasn't changed 3 decades, despite being taken over by the Hilton chain. The room was obviously an old smoking room decades ago, and the stench of smoke remains. Good news was my Gold HHonors status was recognised at check in. Bad news was I was refused either an upgrade to the Executive floor, or even complementary breakfast on the grounds that the hotel was 'completely full, too busy'. Hmmm... isn't breakfast a perk of Gold? Equally bad news was the cleaner banging on the door at 7.30am to clean the room, despite the Don't disturb sign on the door. I told her to go away... and she came back at 8.10am, banging again. I…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ayesha shaukat,We checked into a double executive room worth 280 pounds a night . The room was so small that one would bump into the furniture.  Just a very very basic room . I wonder what would be the standard room like if the executive is of this level.  Location perhaps is the only advantage of staying here . Otherwise it’s a total rip off.  I am also a Hilton homies members . Quite disappointed with the member rates . Not much of a discount either .  Infact the executive rooms were not even offered on the web when I was making a booking.  On arrival I was told that it was a standard that I had booked and that too with ten beds . If I needed a double bed I need to pay another 20 pounds a night .  I did that and yet very disappointing room,Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the Hilton name,"I am astonished that the London Metropole Hotel is a Hilton. Normally Hilton’s a good business hotels, where everything is clean, well organized, well maintained and in working condition. Not this one. While having breakfast I started to get nauseous, from both the bad food and the condition of the restaurant. The walls of the restaurant need repairing (see picture). The restaurant is also too small and badly designed. There’s a queue to get in, a queue at the buffet, and too many tables to close together. There loud music. The breakfast buffet doesn’t have an egg station where they make eggs for you in the way you want them to be. There’s hardly any fresh fruit, and only one type of yogurt. The cutlery is old (see picture, the red color is not dirt however but the reflection of…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Outdated, expensive, smelly, noisy rooms together with terrible customer service!","Stayed here on business, the room was terribly outdated and had a strong sulphur-like odour throughout the entire floor. This wouldn't have been the end of the world had I not been kept awake by the noise from the AC vents despite being turned off.  After requesting a room change at almost midnight, I was confronted by a very hostile member of staff who tried to convince me that I'd already been upgraded as part of a complimentary gesture upon check-in. I dread to think what the room I purchased was like, most surprisingly since my company paid £189 for the privilege! After 10 minutes of convincing the stubborn receptionist that I wanted to change room, he finally allocated me a room which was equally as old (and almost as smelly), but didn't have a noise AC vent.  The final…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful. Avoid.,"I have stayed here multiple times on business and I will actively avoid at any cost. It was unfortunately impossible to avoid on this occasion and it has not improved. Given the keys to an awful room, which someone was already staying in. Then given and equally awful room but at least this was actually free. No point being a Hilton loyalty member here, gets you no where. Terrible hotel, bad customer service and will return to avoiding at all costs again after this.  Spend your money elsewhere, there are far better hotels available",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not to be recommended. Too expensive and too old.,This hotel is overaged and the rooms are in a bad shape. Even with hhonors gold status I have not mentioned to get a decend room with running climate control. Performance for the price is ridiculous!!! ,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don’t care about kids or health  problems ,We took 2 rooms one is king size bed and the other for my ((((kids )))) 3beds and the day i make the reservation i called the hotel to make sure that our rooms will be at the same floor or at least beside each other or with connected doors and the lady said that they will be beside each other   BUT whin we arrived the (rude manager his name is yasser ) he told us there are no rooms available at the same floor and they can’t guarantee a room at same floor for us and he can’t do any thing to help us he gave us a room in a smoking floor and the other in deferent floor ( me and my husband are non smoker and me and my children are asthmatic ) we went to check the room and it smell very bad   We went back and explain to them that i am and my children are asthmatic so I can’t sleep in…,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,More like a Travelodge - but maybe that's not fair to Travelodge,It feels more like a bus station than a hotel. The heating in my room didn't work - it was only when I complained that they said they could 'adjust' the temperature remotely. Not sure why they didn't do that before I had to complain. And the room was cramped and small.  Treat yourself - and go to Travelodge. Or anywhere else.,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tower wing requires renovation... Location is good for sure!,"Dirty carpet in the bedroom, mold in the bathroom and noise from the corridor could be heard in the room due to a gap between the door and the floor. The mattress was mooving on the bed while sleeping so it was extremely uncomfortable. Location is great, close to train and tube, 10 mins walk from marble Arch and Hyde Park and 20' mins walk from Oxford Circus. Luggage personnel was rude and usually not at the luggage room- had to look for them at the concierge desk...",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,hilton review - Roux,Service was average - no one goes out of way to great or assist you.  Not listen at check in time - had issues with bill.  Bed is old and did not sleep comfortable.  bathrooms is in need of renovate- shower curtain and shower in bath is not nice. ,Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The hotel is in a prime location and nice,The hotel is in a prime location providing easy access to 2 metro stations EDGWARE ROAD is called Also Arab Road is giving you and easy access to all Arabic and HALAL restaurants also MARKS&SPENSER is opposite the hotel and the famous Prime mark is so close only 5 minutes by bus.  In general highly recommending the hotel but avoid standard rooms try for the Deluxe as first option.  Thanks to all the staff who were so friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton experience EVER,"I had to change rooms 4 times in 2 days because 3 of the rooms air conditioning systems were not working. Staff kept assigning me to rooms that the air conditioner was not working. Promises were made and not followed through. Was waiting for maintenance until after midnight the first 2 nights as the duty manager refused to give me another room as he said they were full and did not have any rooms available. After maintenance could not fix the problem, alternate rooms miraculously became available.  Seriously considering taking my 80 - 100 nights per year to another chain...",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Need to swipe the keycard at least 10 times for the door to open,"Worn-down hotel in desperate need of repair: the door locks hardly operate in reading the key card. Even for a big conference they have escalators out of service. Bathroom has lots of bricolage and no rail for a hand towel. Towels are not all clean, I had traces of mascara on one and make-up foundation on another. Tea tray did not get refilled.  The hotel is way too warm, so had to use aircon despite outside temperatures below 20°, otherwise room temperature would have been 25°. Few electrical sockets in the room, zero for USB.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent meeting facilities,"Located one minute walk from Edgware tube station the business meeting and conference facilities are excellent. Jessica, Klaudia and Grant could not be more responsive and helpful. Also the security personnel are efficient and friendly.   Breakfast is very good for traditional English offering. There could be more choice of chopped fruit available.   Bedrooms are a little tired and basic. I’m told they are due for a refurb. ",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hi volume, low quality, rude staff","This place is a disaster. Just avoid if you can. It is very poorly managed and requires a management overhaul and a replacement of the front desk staff (all of them need retraining and none of them look happy to be there).  The rooms are very small/simple, carpets stained. beds are not comfortable/old, and bathroom amenities very basic. So if you get a great deal, can close your eyes, not bother with the staff, and can overlook all their issues - good for you. But as a seasoned, top-tier status holder on all major hotel chains, I can tell you that this hotel has major problems in the delivery of their services and you deserve better.   I do want to highlight an example. The concierge was kind enough to charge my iPhone (after a lot of convincing). At 1am in the morning (!!!!) I…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but not good services","Stayed in the hotel for 5 days. The location is great in central London, with close proximity to attractions and underground station. Chose this hotel due to proximity from my office in Paddington. The facilities in the hotel is very poor. My room was in tower wing. The first room provided on 23 rd floor, AC was not working. The staff was quick enough to change that to another one on 4th floor. In the second room there was no TV connection. When the technician arrived, he was rude enough to tell me to live with it since they are doing some modifications in programs list. They did not provided any drinking water bottles, and i had to fetch them from Tesco and M&S, very close to hotel. The least I was expecting from the hotel, at the high price they provided the room. Actually…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice location but next time not through booking,Hilton metropole is the perfect hotel in the center of London we chose the hotel because of the location and because it was part of Hilton brand but the mistake was we booked it through booking they gave us a no Hilton room a very old room since they renovate so we had to pay 100 pounds more so they gave us a better room a Hilton room so they informed us that next time we should book straight with the hotel to have all the upgrades for free and the advantages of an honor member !! Except this inconvenience the hotel was good,Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Experience does not match the cost,"This is a large, worn down hotel, I was here as part of a conference and my room booking was arranged through the conference. My first room was EXTREMLY large, two queen size beds, but sadly the AC was not working, the room was 27 degrees and no way to get it cooler (even with the noisy fan on). Turned to customer-person in Lobby and they were to ""take a look on it"" - 3 hours later the situation was the same so I packed up and went down and asked for a new room. Got a smaller room on a renovated floor on the ""tower"". Much better, but like a third in size. There was quite a bit of fuzz in the changing-room-process and they wouldntn re-fund me for the smaller room either. :-(  Did not have the breakfast, Wifi was not working in my room (just one bar and really slow access). No…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay.,"We have stayed in two previous occasions and had no complaints.Unfortunately this time this wasnt the case.The hotel is a great option as it such a close carpark that is reasonable.We had requested on booking rooms close to each other we were 3 floors apart.This alone would not have spoilt on stay but it got worse. Two . The purpose of our stay was London Graduate Fashion week, our daughter was showing her collection and need to attend d both days, Two of us intended to spend a relaxing evening in our room.We had taken our firstick to extend our choice of TV viewing.The TV had a poor signal and after calling in an engineer we were to find out we were fobbed off saying we needed to press a few buttons.However the internet wouldn't withstand the connection and neither would the…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Go elsewhere ,"Stayed for 2 nights for a conference. Room was in Tower Wing. In summary - old, small, noisy. Carpet and bedding was not clean. TV did not work. Maybe better rooms but should differentiate on price if so.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs a refurb badly,"I stayed in the London Hilton Metropole for business. The hotel has two towers. The east tower was built probably in the 80’s. Whilst some floor have been revamped I was unlucky to get a room with the original fitting. The furniture is falling apart, the carpet is worn out, and my room even smell dead fish. I you can, insist to get a room in the west tower. Even better, find another hotel...",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large Hotel ,"We stayed here for the last two nights of our holiday around Britain.   The hotel is absolutely massive compromising of many different wings. Our room was very large, clean and well equipped. We were particularly happy to find our twin room came with two queen beds as opposed to the standard single beds. The room was definitely far larger than normal hotel rooms  found throughout Europe and had plenty of space for suitcases.   As the hotel was so large with so many guests staying, breakfast was quite chaotic. There was a queue to get in and lots of people swarming the buffets for food. However I must applaud the staff for how wonderfully they handled the situation. They clearly had a very good system in place to ensure everyone was seated as soon as possible. The breakfast was…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel- don’t stay here,"This is the worst hotel ever, don’t even mention the name “Hilton”.  The lobby is clean and nice and the room has broken furniture and bathroom is not clean and they charge 200 pound per night.  When I asked to change room, they said no. I called again and they are able to do it. Still the same old room.  The room is even worst then motel 6 and I don’t even want to go back to my room.  See the pictures!!!",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overpriced business hotel,"As a business traveler the hotel has what you need but it comes at a high price compared to other good hotels.  There is nothing to drink at the room when you arrive, just a small think but a bottle of water would be nice.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,So-so..,"Had an overnight stay with sister and her bestfriend in this hotel. The location is close to Edgeware tube station, which is a plus. Staff were courteous. Hotel room furnishings quite old. TV very few channels. It was an ok stay.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Norway,"our room smelled bad and we had to ask reception several times. The new room was better but the fridge didn't work and we signed it to the front desk again and nothing happened. and finally the service at the breakfast buffet was very bad. We've been to the Hilton Metropole 3 times before, but it was the last time. We will not be back. we were disappointed.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Do not waste your money!,"Visited in May as a family with a young child and booked a triple room. Firstly the hotel reception and bar areas look fantastic but when we walked through the door all we could smell was sewerage. It was really noticeable and not pleasant at all.  We checked in fine and went to our room. The room was appalling and no where near the standard of a Hilton hotel. A travel lodge seemed like luxury in comparison to this room! The room stank of cigarettes, the interconnecting door didn’t lock to the room next to us, the hair dryer did not work and was tapped up (poor unsafe repair), the mirror in the bathroom was filthy with toothpaste stains, the bath panel was rotting, the floor tiles were cracked, the carpet was stained, the furniture was damaged.... I could go on!!!   It really…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average tourist hotel,"Massive central London tourist hotel. Mediocre facilities at a fairly high price. Decent breakfast apart for the queues. Large rooms (in the West Wing) but very dated. Poor choice of TV channels on old TV, non working fridge and poor air conditioning",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sweet and Sour,"Location and refurbished rooms are amazing, pool and gym are super nice, but reception staff need to pay attention to welcoming people. I arrived from a long trip without sleeping and with sport clothes... I am a gold member and they looked at me like if I was in the wrong queue, they acted surprised when they saw I was a member, but my tired appearance was more important to them and they were just rude and not very welcoming. No water in reception and no water in the room. I called and they said it was 5£ for the delivery! Seriously? Won’t be back!",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lots of room for the price... but they need to tame the snobbery because ""its not all that""","Great location, and interesting history. Stone throw from the tube if you can manage not to get yourself killed by the crazy drivers. The hotel is spacious and you can get a lot of room for your money, particularly if traveling with children. Easy to access from the Airport - take time to learn the Underground system and save yourself a lot of money in transportation - BUT don't bring OODLES of luggage, because it will be a pain to manage.  Some of the staff can be very helpful and lovely, others rude and snobbish. VERY SNOBBISH for a ""has been"" hotel. It's a Hilton that feels like a Comfort Inn... Clean until you head to the pool or try to use the absolutely DISGUSTING (tight and small) gym. It is FILTHY, unkept and really people, for all the FIT and THIN in London, you'd think…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,6888th Day in London,"The Hilton London Metropole is a great location to stay.  it is about 20 minutes from the London Kings Cross Station.  The room are clean and comfortable. There are different options for food and check-in/check-out was a breeze.  The staff was very helpful with directions, places to shop/eat/ and visit.  George recommended the BEST way to tour London; by CAB!  He got a cab for us and we had the best time.  The CAB Driver knew all on the ins and outs around traffic!  The BEST WAY to see London is to get a CAB!!!  Thank you Hilton London Metroploe for a GREAT STAY!!! Lizz #6888FilmtourUSinUK",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worthwhile ,"We were very satisfied with our stay, but we were in the Tower section.  Friends were in an older section, and were somewhat underwhelmed. Our stay left us very satisfied .  Great full English breakfasts.  Very close to the Tube.  All in all, a good choice.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The general manager needs some training ,I have been staying at this hotel for many years and standards have for worse since they had a new manager  They have a saying at Hilton make it right but they never do infect I don’t even think the management team care  Here is a list of the problems I have had the last few stays ego just I have reported to head office at Hilton and they say the gm Will contact u in A few days but they never do  Rooms are dated with dirty carpets  The bathroom furniture is chipped with wood panels falling off  The air con doesn’t work  You have to ring several times to get even a fan to your room  The TVs never work  You often get over charged on checkout and they always have an excuse  The lists are often not working  The reception assistant manager is rude and if you complain he shouts at you…,Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,East Tower,"I was recently in Europe and stayed several days at this hotel.  I found it to be a very nice, modern hotel.  I liked the fact  that there was a Starbucks  where I could get coffee, tea, or a variety of other foods.  The room was clean although it seems in Europe that the rooms are not as large as they are in the states. We had some difficulty figuring out how to use the showers.  They have a strange way with showers in England and there were not instructions at all so you just had to play with the shower awhile and  figure it out.  I was with a bus (or coach) tour as they call them in England.  We had a really large breakfast buffet each morning that was very impressive in my mind.  Except that it seems that in England they like their scrambled eggs runny.  We really needed a…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dirty,I was working until midnight. When I went to bed this was what I found. The TV didn’t work. The wallpaper was peeling outside and the bathroom was dirty. The bed itself was awful as well. This was apparently an upgrade as a silver honours member.,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,"A number of issues when we stayed 24th -27th May.  1. Rubbish left on window sill - reported it, still there all 3 days 2. Tv not working most of time. Lack of UK channels. Just 3. No ITV, 4 or 5. Frozen channels 3. No base to kettle. Reported it. 1/2 hour nothing. Reported again another half hour. Needed a coffee in a morning. 4. 2 lifts out of order one morning. Chaos. One out all 3 days. 5. Phone not connecting when pressing ""need anything"". No numbers for front desk, housekeeping etc on phone. No hotel directory at all. 6. Lampshades loose and swinging. 7. Dirt on window sills. Filthy. Need a good wash. 8. Ice machine in corridor empty during entire stay. 9. Waited half an hour in Edg bar for a drink ordered.  I understand the hotel is going through a refurbishment process…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK Stay,"Stayed her twice now in two months, for weekends on both occasions. Huge hotel, by far the Biggest we have ever stayed in, simply MASSIVE. The rooms are good, a good size but could do with a spruce up and on our last visit the Air Con was simply rubbish not working at all and the windows were locked shut. The Bed and Pillows were excellent, really comfortable. Breakfast was Very Busy but there was plenty of choice and the quality was excellent, I really appreciated the Haggis at breakfast on the Sunday Morning. Every member of staff were very pleasant, polite , helpful and friendly. we've stayed here twice in two months and yes, we would stay here again. Only marked it as very good as it is looking a bit Grubby in places. Apart from breakfast we didn't eat here or drink in the…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful Hotel - don't go there.,"First of all: Ididn't pay for the hotel room. My friend won a package for an activity in London where the stay at the Hilton was part of. Even in the light of being free, this hotel was absolutely aweful.  The lobby is fine and modern and the staff is very friendly.  The room though, dark, dirty, no fridge working, carpet outdated, spotted and stinking. Windows bolted shut. No fresh air. Bed old and croaky. Bathroom almost unusable (toilet fills up to the brim before flushing anything down, so every use is an exciting adventure of: will it spill my turds? Warm water runs out quickly). If I would have paied more than 50 € for the night i would have been disappointed and left.  Not even the breakfast was up to Hilton standards.   If you have to pay for your stay - don't do it…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Super 2 night stay,We have just arrived home from a 2 night stay.  We stayed in one of the newly updated rooms which was very pleasant- extremely comfortable bed and a brilliantly powerful shower!   Breakfast was great- lots of choice and items being replenished all of the time.   Location is perfect - plenty if bus stops and tube station near by.   Overall a great stay! We will be back with our children for another stay!,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Visiting Chelsea Flower Show,"Stayed here during visit to Chelsea flower show, very handy to tube and buses, large hotel, plenty of lifts over two wings and 14 floors, two queen size beds, very clean, great shower, hadn't initially provided enough towels but this was very quickly rectified, fantastic breakfast and caters for gluten free, had a meal in the restaurant super steak, all staff friendly, didn't get chance to visit the pool, but highly recommend this hotel if you visit London and want easy access to public transport",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stayed for one night...glad it was only for one night,"We stayed in the West Wing building, which appeared to be the oldest tower.  The room was in deep need of renovation, which included furniture in deep need of replacement and bathroom updates.  The quality room level is somewhat out of place with the modern lobby and restaurants located on property.  The complimentary upgrade I received was from a two double and twin to a two queen and pullout double.  I spent over 238 pounds for a room that I would have only spent $79 in the states for. So, I essentially feel a bit ripped off as the hotel standards are clearly different in London. ",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I like the location but rooms need some work,"As a loyal Hilton supporter (and holder of Diamond status at the moment) I’ve stayed in quite a few different Hilton’s. I’ve booked the Metropole on a number of occasions and have had various different rooms. First up - I enjoy the breakfast here. A good selection, and despite the size/how busy the hotel is, it’s pretty consistent.  On this occasion the rate was nearly £250 for a Thursday night. I had a paid upgrade on top (about £90) to a king suite in the East Tower on the 8th floor. Check in was smooth, albeit my status wasn’t acknowledged) and I was i the lift up to my room. I had a view over the roof tops and along the Edgware Road (which I enjoy). Room was dated, not in great condition and with minimal device charging locations. I had booked a table in the Rack House…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tower block room,"We stayed for one night as an reward night. After reading lots of other reviews, we were not expecting much. Pros- room was clean, had 3 single beds. Cons- very dated and run down. Only had one chair.   Good location and if you are not too fussy and not compare to other Hilton, then it is not too bad. So if you get it for a very good rate and not staying in the room much, then it is ok, otherwise, maybe don’t stay here until it has be renovated.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Disappointing for a pricy hilton.  Big rooms,  but poorly maintained.","First the good part - the room was large for London,  and clean.   We stayed in the West wing, 5th floor.  The common areas are really shabby and scuffed.  The buttons in some of the lifts did not work,  or light up properly.  We had no hot water (just Luke warm) in the evening in the sink,  and again in the morning in the shower.  When we raised this on check out the girl just said sorry and looked away.  So much for their logo ""making it right""! This property does not deserve to be a hilton.  I do not recommend it,  there are far better hotels for the price. ",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good Hilton property;,"Have spent many, many nights here.  Yes- there are pros and cons.  In general, a consistent product.  There are some VERY nice folks here who have been there for  good time.  The food products are excellent.  In particular, the baked treats are amazingly delightful.   Last stay was a bit off...  miscommunications caused room mishaps- which are fine- I get it.  However, some of the staff (multiple times) attempted to deflect ownership/blame and, thereby, only further frustrated this guest.   Finally, leaving banal details out here, and to be kind, management and security staff need to adjust their unrefined approach.  This guest was not happy at all and checked out as as soon as was possible.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,There are pros and cons...,"We stayed here as our first stop on a European excursion from the US. The lobby and ground level are great, very modern. But the hallways and rooms look ancient. Other reviewers claimed they are up for renovation this year so of course it looks run down until that happens. The rooms are nothing special at all. Very small, very outdated, very few electrical outlets (and many of them don't even work). We are pretty flexible so these things did not impact us too much but others would be very displeased.   Breakfast was great though! The staff was so friendly and there was a huge assortment of food.   The proximity to the metro is also a great plus. It's a 5 minute walk away from the District (green) line on the tube. There is also a grocery/clothing store right next to the stop in…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Terrible experience- ""sorry sir we don't have the room you reserved""","The  worst hotel experience I have ever encountered in a supposed 4-5 star hotel. Arrived at 9:30pm  to be told "" sorry sir we don't have the room you reserved"" after which they said that they could only offer me a single room. When I tried to explain the whole point of reserving a room was to ensure the room was available they just nodded and asked if I would like the single room.  Given no other choice I had to take the single room  the standard of which reminded me of my backpacking days. Two small single beds , consisting of a mattress on a squeaking  pinewood base,  squeezed into a space which barely allowed room to negotiate around .  The room was musty and the bathroom was tiny with peeling paint- I doubt this entire room had seen any maintenance since it was built.  As…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Easter Break To London and Legoland,"Great location for getting around London , one stop away from Paddington to Edgware Road Tube station . Bakerloo /District and Circle Lines which are great if you want to get to many of the attractions in London. Tube station is 2min walk from Hotel . Heathrow Express to Paddington and Tube to Edgware Road 25mins . Some restaurants in the Hotel with two bars(didn't try these as ate out during stay  , check in was quick and used express check out on day of departure . Was very busy the day we checked in but were not waiting too long to check in. Room was clean and comfortable and would stay again albeit it was a bit pricey although location for getting around was great . Plenty of bars in the area and coffee shops . M&S across the road from hotel . Was great for getting to…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,There was a lot of problems they did not get right. ,"I paid £210 per night. I was very disappointed with the overall quality of my stay given the amount I paid.   First of all the reception staff were great. A nice way to start the stay. That’s where it started going downhill.   Here are my concerns:  - the room I was in on level 5 in the East wing was dated and tired.  - the main fridge was disconnected and they literally dumped and plugged in a portable fridge at the front door. (See photo) - the cupboards and drawer doors were rickety, chipped, damaged and were not easy to open and close.  - the front window was very dirty and had spider webs all over the window (on the outside).  - every time I went I to the room I started to sneeze from the dust - the bathroom was in need of maintenance with cracks and discolouration in the…",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room was beyond Disgusting,"We stayed one night as location was close to Paddington and the train to Heathrow for our morning flight. We were given a room in the old tower, which looked as if it hadn’t seen upgrades in decades: carpets and ceiling were stained, bed was outrageously lumpy and misshapen with springs either flattened or popping up into you, bathroom had chipped paint, dirty vents, mold.  I wish I hadn’t waited til morning to pull back the sheet on the bed, otherwise we would have demanded a different room. The photo says it all. Appalling. Dirty and stained beyond belief. Description of the hotel on TripAdvisor says there is a fridge and minibar in the rooms. Our fridge was unplugged and empty, yet had a warning sign saying if anything was moved in the minibar we would automatically get…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor,"A bad experience for several reasons:  On arrival the TV didn’t work and in the end I had to change rooms. The bed was extremely uncomfortable (probably the most uncomfortable bed I have had in any hotel, and I stay in hotels every week) And the room very old and outdated. The minbar was empty during my whole visit. There was a long queue for breakfast in the mornings. The best thing about the hotel was the staff, who were friendly and helpful.  ",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful!,This is probably the worst hotel I have stayed at in my adult life. We pulled up on a rainy day hoping for a bellman to help with our luggage; nope! Our suite was very odd in configuration. You never knew what lights would turn on or off with the wall switches. To get into the shower we had to step up over 12 inches; difficult for someone with bad knees! The air-condition worked sometimes and not other times. The food in the executive lounge was horrible. It appears that the standard response from the hotel to reviews is that they are sorry and major renovations will be taking place. Thats all well and good and hopefully they will no longer need to use the air freshener through out the hotel that smells like someone dumped some very strong and horrible cologne all over the…,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Old, moldy room with horrible bed.","This Hilton hotel is definitely NOT a four star hotel, I’d give it two stars at best.  The room was old,  moldy, and provided the bare minimums for a stay. Here’s why: 1. Bed- very lumpy, springs collapsed and both sides sagging on either side. VERY uncomfortable to sleep on, worst hotel bed  that my wife & I had ever encountered. We lifted the sheet and the mattress was completely stained, very disgusting! 2. Carpet- stained in multiple areas. 3. Fridge- empty and not even pulled in. Why, in a self- proclaimed 4 star hotel, would you not have a functioning mini-fridge? It was basically just furniture to hold the tv on.  4. Bathroom- mold in the shower and chipped paint on tub. The shower head couldn’t be positioned to face the inside of the shower, it sprayed onto the bathroom…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel review,"We stayed 4 days at the Hilton Metropole London. The service staff were very courteous and helpful BUT, the room left a lot to be desired. The television screen had large scratches, the bathroom and general room finishes were unsatisfactory, the mattress was like a board, the most infuriating concern was there was no WORKING fridge. We reported this to the concierge on 4 different occasions to no avail. It was still not repaired by the time we left on the 5th day. My recommendations would be give this accommodation a miss.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful.....,Downgraded room on arrival.... £30 for 2 days terrible WiFi (seriously is there a civilised hotel in the world that still pays for WiFi)? 🤷‍♂️  Waited an age Tom he in too. When are Hilton going to realise that overbooking is totally unacceptable?????  Don’t touch this hotel with a ten meter cattle prod!!!  ,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay ,"Staying at the Hilton London metropole is a must for any person visiting London due to the exceptional service provided by its good staff, the location and the hotel facilities. The hotel is massive with over 1000+ rooms, the room given to us had a great view of the main road in front of edgware road station. The breakfast buffet spread is pretty vast and overall great. If one is coming to London for a tourist visit, it is vital for one to meet Mr Andrea Massari (A global Golden Key recipient) of the Concierge, he is exceptionally helpful and has tremendous energy, he helped us in carefully planning our sightseeing adventures in London. Overall, the staff, the facilities, the location, the food and the Rooms make this an amazing place to stay.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst business hotel I've ever stayed in,"So the price for the hotel was just short of $500 - not cheap but typical of a 5 star London Hotel. Except this is barely a 3 star hotel.  When I arrived they told me the room I had booked was no longer available and I would have to go to a smaller room (which was tiny - see the picture).   As soon as I opened the door it was obvious this was an old run down hotel;  - the carpets were stained - badly chipped woodwork - only 2 powerpoints and no USB points  - the iron was filthy as a direct result stained my shirt when I ironed it - the ""free"" internet was so slow as to be unusable. Obviously they intend for you to upgrade - interesting for a $500/night hotel - there was graffiti inside of the wardrobe!!!\",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Difficult to say...,"This is a difficult review for me because I want to be fair and transparent.  First it’s important to note that I am a Hilton Honors member so I tend to favor Hilton. Next, I want acknowledge that, at this particular Hilton, I received some of the best service ever!  All the way from the front desk, (Celine at the front desk was one of the most polite and patient  people ever) to the bar (Christian prepared one of the best drinks I’ve had) to the concierge, receptionist and restaurant hosts, they were all excellent!!! Perfectly polite and helpful, honestly I have not gotten this kind of service at the Ritz.  Having said that, this hotel is a dated and  in desperate need of renovations.  The rooms are  dump.The hotel has several towers so maybe I stayed in an old tower (west…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,would not stay there again!,"stayed 2 nights at London Hilton Metropole, thru bus tour with GLOBUS. The rooms were awful, small, and very very dated.  Did not enjoy my stay there at all. For a hotel in the Hilton chain I was very disappointed.",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Unorganised, lack of communication, very delayed check in!","We stayed on Saturday on an already 'complementary stay' due to double booking our room last year! Clearly the hotel has a lot to offer and is very nice, however the booking in was terrible, the room wasn't ready - 5 kids in tow! Yes we got some snacks and drinks FOC. 1.5 hour later the room is not ready, now 4.30pm check in was at 3pm. We get given the wrong room, they eventually sort it out to the correct room at gone 5pm - hello we have plans!! We eat in the restaurant onsite, 7 of us eating (5 kids) they bring out two adult meals and that's it! Yes they took one meal off the bill as a GOG - but seriously...what a shambles! Kids grumpy, hungry and not a pleasant experience at all!",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Swimming Pool,Well located in London and close to Edgware Road Tube Station. Breakfast was nice and served early Swimming Pool Open early morning  Really enjoyed my stay at Hilton London Metropole. Quality hotel with staff making your stay memorable.  Will definitely recommend the place to anyone visiting London and enjoy the swimming pool and gym facilities,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed my stay here.,"The room was nice and big for 2 people and such a beautiful view from the 4th floor. The staff were very easy to talk to and in particular the gentleman who handled our baggage. The breakfast room was nice and bright, letting us enjoy our breakfast peacefully. There was an issue when we accidentally brought some outside food into the lobby and were asked multiple times not to eat it (which was excessive). Other than this we enjoyed our time here.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel!,"Stayed at this hotel while visiting London with my family. The hotel is huge, busy but nice. Several restaurants onsite - steak house, coffee stand, etc. Staff was very helpful, attentive and kind. Very close to public transport and great dinning. This hotel may not be in the city center but getting there is very easy.  Our room, 2 queen bed suite was nice, clean and we had everything we needed.  I would definitely return to the hotel and would recommend it to anyone visiting London.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Even less impressed than the last time - it went downhill,"I have reviewed this recently but now it has even gotten worse - This review pertains to the Tower wing. I arrived late in the day and had checked in on the app. I picked up the key, confirmed that the restaurant was open for another half hour and was looking forward to a meal. I arrived at my floor - (via a slight de-tour as the lift skipped a floor that was chosen by an other passenger and on re-choosing the floor the lift decided to go back down a few floors first before going up to my destination?) The key card did not work at the door. So back down, key re-programmed but had to wait for security guy to go up with me. New key did not work, security let me in with their key and told me to wait they will bring a new one. 10 mins later still no sign - restaurants closed by now…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This is a pretty crumby hotel...,"The reason I stay at chain hotels when I travel is consistency. This is a run down hotel. Shame on Hilton. The executive rooms are better than the alternative but the walls are dirty, the paint on the trim is dirty and chipped, and the furniture is cheap and chipped. The beds are HORRIBLE. Its not that they are too hard or too soft - they are just plain old lumpy - they feel like they are all springs. I thought it was just the room I was in so changed. Same in the second room. Shame on Hilton. Typically known for comfortable and high end mattresses, this is pathetic. I can live with too hard or too soft but this is Motel 6 level mattress. The rooms on the lower floors are also loud. The drinks at the bar are good. The food is average at best. Other than being near Paddington, I…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What a joke,"I stayed here in 2005- was great... shame it hasn’t been updated in the past 14 years!   Breakfast was overpriced, I paid 15aud for a 1 minute phone call from the room! Mini bar was empty, pool and changing rooms were unhygienic!  The room was falling apart, shower had low pressure luke warm water!  Won’t stay here again 😡",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location. Great hotel,We have stayed in this hotel three times since my son moved to London. Previously we have only stayed one night this time we stayed two. On all occasions we have never had a bad room . On our last stay we were on the seventeen floor  and the room had been refurbished we were told on check in. We had similar rooms on the previous stays we have always been in The tower block. We find this hotel very convenient as we can park our car at reasonable weekend rates. It twenty five pounds per day on a weekend. The location is perfect .Directly opposite Edgware road tube station. This is very convenient for all siteseeing and trips to the theatre. We love the fact it is only  15 minutes walk to Hyde Park and Oxford street. Our experiences have always been good. The breakfast is …,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location ,"I really had a great time with my family at Hilton London Metropole, ever the hotel is always busy which I understand the reason why, because it’s a huge hotel, but this busy does not stop the staff from looking after us and recognise me as a regular guest, every time I stay in Hilton London Metropole I feel like I am at home. The room was very clean and breakfast always excellent, this is the third time staying with my family at this hotel, at the restaurant while we were having a breakfast the staff surprised my daughter by bringing a nice cake, all the staff in the restaurant gathered round my daughter singing “happy birthday “which made our stay very special. Food was very good, staff were very kind and helpful at all the time, my son and my daughter love the swimming pool,…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"I was concerned about staying here given all the bad reviews but I had a great stay. I was in a suite on the 10th floor in the East Wing. Room was very clean and had a nice view of London. Very, very quiet. Bed was comfortable. Minor negatives: no electrical outlet next to bed, shower very tiny, no clock or alarm clock in room. Access to executive lounge was great-breakfast, tea and evening drinks and enough food to serve as dinner. Crowded in evenings but I always found a seat. As others have noted, hotel is close to major underground lines and Paddington.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired tired rooms,Quite surprised at poor decorative condition of room. Very dated glad I’m only staying one night. Tv channels hit and miss if they work before screen freezes up for some reason. 260 pounds over priced for what feels like a 2 star room experience.,Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Budget hotel; don’t go by the name Hilton,"We were 3 adults and 2 year old, stayed in family room for 2 nights. Fair enough and to the point for the price. Wasn’t expecting much anyway besides the Good location. Breakfast was a bit pricey at 17.5£ but there are lot of eatouts around at very economic prices. ",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and service but very dated furniture,"Just left the Hilton and the good part is that you are just a 2 min walk from Edgware station and the service is pretty good.  Sadly, the rooms are very dated and the chair and furniture is in worse condition than what we use at home.  Breakfast spread is quite good but quality of the food can be improved.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole Review,"An excellent hotel, very clean with extremely friendly staff. Great gym and pool with sauna. The rooms was large and very clean. Food and bars were all of really high standard, i will defiantly use the hotel again.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient to me - first time stay ,Hotel is across the road from the Edgware Station.  Pleasantly welcomed by Floor - room was not ready but go to the Exec Lounge as a Diamond member. Had to wait about 40 mins despite coming after 3pm.  Afternoon nibbles were being served.  Exec room was tidy and freshly made up.  WiFi worked well and used lounge later in the evening.  Breakfast in lounge - had continental only - there are two coffee machines available and service is pleasant.  Location was close to where I needed to be so all in all fine all round.  ,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Breakfast & Perfect Location,"Staff is attentive and ready to help, breakfast menu was varied and the cooked ones were delicious  (must be within top 10 in London). The hotel is located in between Edgware Road and Paddington Underground Stations, within only 2 minutes walking distance to both, 10 minutes walking from Marble Arch of Hyde Park. There are so many good places around the hotel. We stayed at standard room (1220). The furnitures were old but not broken, the bed was king size and comfy. The carpets urgently need to be renewed, as it looks dirty even when it's cleaned. The shower was what I liked most about the room, water pressure and heat adjustment was very good. If you pay more you can reserve one of the deluxe rooms, located 14th floor and above, which are the same in size but refurbished. I’d…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Last minute emergency,Recently stayed for a couple of nights. The hotel is in a very convenient location for St Mary’s Hospital. Good size rooms. Decent cafe/lobby area. Plenty of Arabic restaurants in the area. But the best thing about the hotel was the staff. We had an issue with the AC and Kason made sure the issue was rectified to our satisfaction. He is an asset to the Hilton group...so much so family members have booked another stay in August. (Rather then staying at the Marriott where we have Titanium membership). ,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Customer service ,You guys should really improve your customer service when talking to customers as it forms customers opinion straight away. Definitely need a refurbishment and reconstruction as the building from the outside looks very old.,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"I have stayed here several times before, however it has gone extremely downhill. The staff are incredibly rude and unhelpful - what has gone wrong with this hotel? I had the most uncomfortable stay, with noise throughout the night from staff talking in the corridor and opening and closing doors in the corridor; the room was not cleaned to the expected standard, and the cooked breakfast was accompanied by a large hair. This is not good enough for >£200/night. In addition to future refurbishments, please also consider enhanced staff training/better recruitment.  ",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst stay ever,"I had to be in London for one day and stayed at the Hilton Metropole. From the moment I came in, it was the worst hotel I had ever been to. The receptionist was very rude saying: oh, you look like you had a long journey. Then the room was dated, tv did not work, fridge did not work, wallpaper literally came off the walls, stains in the carpet and the shower in a bath and too low to stand under. I will not even start about the beds which were harder than concrete. The only thing that I remotely liked was the fitness which was OK.. This was the first and last time I visited this hotel",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Vacation - Worked Well for Us,"I wanted to write this review due to all the negative reviews about this place.   I was so put off by these reviews, I almost switched hotels at the last minute.  I am so glad I was consumed with other life matters and didn't have the time.  I was traveling on vacation with my husband and our three girls (twin 9yr and a 5yr) and we stayed here for 5 nights.  As other's have stated, this is a large hotel, but I did not find it overwhelming nor too busy that compromised my stay (perhaps I just got lucky).  I actually found being in a large hotel helpful, since it was able offer many amenities (multi restaurants, executive lounge, food shop, ect).   The largest asset this hotel has is its location.  It was fantastic being so close to Paddington (due to Heathrow Express) and the…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't be fooled by the photos. Low budget rooms.,"Room was disappointing. Dated and tired. Furniture worn. TV didn't have all the UK channels. Fridge didn't work. Old fashioned shower over bath rather than wet room. Old silicone sealant around tub. Miserly with tea and coffee. No hot chocolate. Instant coffee - Nespresso machines are de rigour on the continent but not in London apparently. Communal areas were well appointed. Location was great - close to tube, bus routes and railway stations. M&S, Sainsbury and Tesco supermarkets close by. Breakfast was fabulous with good range of foods and plenty of it. Enjoyed using swimming pool and gym.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not great for Coeliacs,"My Daughter is a wheelchair user and was on holiday with her personal Assistants for her 30th birthday ... we had planned everything or so we thought to make her stay great but when it came to breakfast time , they had a poor choice , no cereal , so 1st morning my daughter had beans on toast , her staff asked about getting cereal as my daughter prefers this . the answer was no cereal and no attempt to get any . so our staff went and actually purchased some gluten free cereal for my daughter .. I would make sure we didn't use the Metropole again.  very poor.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor Rooms,Rooms are very tired and not anything like the photos. They smelled of smoke and had damp pat he's on the carpet.  Staff were very nice and the breakfast was very good.  Unless you have a premium room I wouldn't suggest staying here.,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel let down by the detail,"Overall this is a hotel I like. It is clean and has good and helpful staff.  My two main complaints about the hotel are   - every time I stay I have to ask for a temporary fridge as almost without exception the ones in the room do not work or do a dismal job of keeping things cool. Plus there are a shortage of temporary fridges as everyone wants one - the air conditioning is hit and miss and only works in some of the rooms.  It is also a very big which kind of suits me but may be off putting for some.  Again, overall a hotel I like but lets itself down and I would expect better from a purportedly 4 star Hilton.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel convenient to underground.,"Stayed here on a Globus tour.  It is a huge hotel with 1000 rooms.  When we first got checked in, we got an awful room, but as Hilton Honors members, we complained and got a larger family room in the West Tower.  The other room was in the East Tower.  The new room was lovely and we had no complaints about the room or its amentities.  There is an excellent buffet breakfast.  On day one when we left early to sightsee with our group, it was just fine, but on Sunday when we were on our own and ready to come hom, the breakfast was packed and had a huge line down the hall and extra breakfast space on another floor off the West Wing.  The hotel is convenient to the underground which we took from here to the Tower of London with no problem.  It is in the middle of a Middle Eastern…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay there again,"Stayed in April 2019 and booked a King Executive Room. The lobby is very nice and the executive lounge was great for breakfast and some snacks in the evening. The room was awful. Very dated and didn't feel clean. The mattress was terrible and the bathroom is from the 80s. I figured booking an executive room you would get a nice room, but this was not the case. There were stains on the carpet. I also requested that the mini-bar be emptied so I could use the fridge for other things. Someone came and emptied the fridge but the fridge didn't work...it was warm inside. I called front desk to have it looked into and they said someone would be up to look at it. We left for a few hours and came back...the fridge situation wasn't rectified so we lost everything that we put in there.…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel is conveniently located few yards from Edgware road stations and short walk to marble arch and oxford street , local buses are available just outside the hotel , the rooms are clean but needs updating especially the furniture and curtains , the shower doesn’t work properly during some times of the day , the breakfast is very good , it has wide selection of continental foods and pastries but no fresh juices .",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel excellent staff!,"The hotel itself is well situated, close to the tube, and only a 15-minute walk to Hyde Park, a couple of minutes more and you're in Oxford St. I will mention that for some reason, TFL have two tube stations called Edgeware Road, the one closest to the hotel is on the Circle / District line (listed as A)  I thought the staff were really good, especially the concierge guy, he couldn;t have been more helpful. I also found the food to be really good, with excellent choice. I can recommend and I will be visiting again",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well located and comfortable,"Stayed here for 5 nights on an extended business trip.  Was given a superior room.  Room was spacious, well ventilated and quiet.  Hotel was busy and hence the breakfast restaurant was very crowded.  Convenient for a London Underground Station (Edgware Road). Will certainly stay again next time I am in London.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor value for money,The room was small & dingy with absolutely no space for moving around. The air conditioning wasn’t working as it is meant to. Access to the rooms is not the best by elevators having to navigate through obstinate doors with bags. On top the charges are close to 200 GBP per night. ,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not bad but tired and in my room very noisy from road below,I stayed here on business for 1 night. Conveniently located less than 0.5 mile from Liverpool Street Station of across the road from Edgeware road tube station.  The reception is quite quick with separate line for Gold and Diamond members. As a Diamond member I was upgraded to an executive room and given my 2 bottles of water to take with me. In the room there is tea and coffee making facilities and an empty fridge - mini bars seem to have disappeared in Hiltons.  The room was ok but the furniture was tired although the bed was comfortable and the room clean. The bathroom was OK with a separate bath and shower cubicle but if you are over 6’ (1.8m) the fixed shower head is a bit low because for some reason you step up into the shower. However everything was clean and tidy.  The…,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible rooms,"Booked the hotel with friends for a night. Room was very dated and shabby with mould around windows. TV didn’t work properly. Bar fridge didn’t work.  I could feel the springs through my mattress and bed squeaked when I moved (did not realise this until I went to bed, so didn’t call reception).. Hilton took money from my card despite me paying Agoda. I had to call Hilton to then be told this was accidental. Did not receive the money until after leaving the UK, which was frustrating... not impressed and expect more of a Hilton hotel ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not bad but a bit tired.,"Stayed with family. Family room pretty good. Breakfast plentiful if a bit mad because of the hotel size. Pool was a bit too small for the hotel, lots of kids, well used, we only went once. Bar was good. It’s not 10mins walk from west end but handy to Mdm Tussauds. ",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews, Very tired hotel room,"Surprised to find this room standard in a Hilton...room safe not working, TV not working, fridge not working, lots of scuffs and use marks on doors, carpet in desperate need of replacement. This was in stark contrast to the shiny business and congress facilities.",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible hotel,I have been in some bad hotels in my life but this one in particular I felt robbed. Food is disgusting staff is rude and Managers are trained properly to do they jobs.  Waist of money and made my time in London be horrible  Not recommended to anyone.,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I'd give it 0 stars if Trip Advisor let me,"I stayed here in March for one night on business, I had requested (and booked) a double room however upon checking in (which I had to queue for over 20 minutes to do with no apology for the wait) the advisor said he had changed it to a twin room and couldn't undo this after adding my Hilton Honors card to the booking. Since it was one night, I didn't mind too much but upon getting to the corridor leading to the room it was clear this hotel is incredibly dated and adding extremely bright lights to the corridors has only highlighted the amount of wear and tear to the place.  The room itself was extremely tired and a complete 90s throwback. The bed was worn out and the bathroom was quite dirty (sort of lots of old mouldy grout in the tiles and just generally tired), the huge TV was…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing ,"Stayed for the weekend with family.  Foyer and bar areas on the ground floor were immaculate as you would expect from Hilton. But the good points stopped there. We were in a triple room for 2 nights. The room itself was in desperate need of upgrading and repair. Furniture is old and dingy and the window was filthy/skirtings/tv unit were all filthy. Bathroom was also very tired looking. The extractor fan doesn’t serve its purpose at all. There are obviously no windows in the bathroom so after each shower, the entire room(and any belongings you have in there) end up completely saturated with condensation. The hairdryer which is wired into the bathroom didn’t work.  There was only 1 spare electrical socket for the entire room - which was broken. When I say broken, I mean the entire…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great family stay,"Our family of five enjoyed five nights in a family superior room. The room gave us enough space to spread out (two queens plus a queen-sized pullout) and while the hotel is not directly next to the major attractions, all are a short walk or a few stops away on the underground. We really appreciated the convenience of the Edgware Rd stop across the street and the five lines serviced there. The kids loved the breakfast buffet! We’d absolutely book again for a future trip to London.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,These hotels ... only in London,"This is a really fatigued property that still continues to do business. Only in London, can a property this old, survive, and still charge exorbitant rates. Staff is very well aware of the dilapidated status. Breakfast in Monarch room is a scene. 300+ guests packed in a banquet hall - looks like a hurricane relief site. Hardly any staff to serve. Very very poor value for money, even for Londoners.",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Do Not Stay at Hilton London Metropole,"There are many Hilton owned hotels in London and I am sure that many of them are worthy of the Hilton name, but the Hilton London Metropole is not worthy of the Hilton brand.  It is the worst Hilton hotel experience I have ever had.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, the biggest Hilton in Europe","It was towards the end of winter and we had a business cum family vacation in the city of London. It was an average of 7-9 degree Celsius during our stay.  The hotel is located nearby to almost everything you need as a traveler. 3-minute walk to tube station and a bus stop, halal food is everywhere around the hotel with the likes of Malaysian food, Arabic, Iranian etc whilst  M&S and Tesco Express are just around the corner.  We actually walked to Oxford Street to Primark, Marble Arch and Hyde Park. Hence not really a problem to find things to do while staying here. Our room was facing the intersection between Edgware Road and Praed Street, one of the busiest streets in the city. The streets never sleep, therefore it was bit noisy there with ambulance/police car sirens can be…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,An embarrassment to the Hilton brand ,"The location is good if you need to be in close proximity to Paddington Station - it is about a 7 minute walk.  The area is largely surrounded by Arab restaurants.  Oxford Street is about 15 minutes walk.  I paid for my room the night prior to my early morning arrival only to be told my room wasn’t ready yet!  Also, the room that I had selected on the App wasn’t available.  I was told I was being given an upgraded room and that’s where it becomes concerning - the room hasn’t been updated since the hotel was built.  The walls are dirty, bathroom has mold, furniture is worn and discoloured and the mattress feels like an old camping cot.  Pillows are flat as a pancake.  Towels smell like burnt rubber.  When I complained and asked for a different room I was told I was in the better…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sighting in London,Overall nice property with close proximity to Tube stations (Edgeware) which makes navigating London pretty easy.  Connection to multiple underground lines right across the street like 2 minutes away on foot.  Paddington station for Heathrow Express is less than a 10 minute straight walk.  Common areas of hotel are very modern but felt like our Room was very small and could have used some updating.  Bathroom was tiny. There were no USB charging ports anywhere in the room and I could only find one plug. It worked for what i was there for and I’d stay at this hotel again. Concierge desk was excellent and gave us terrific directions several times as well as a couple great restaurants within walking distance for dinner. Breakfast buffet was standard stuff but really tight quarters…,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ruined my 30th birthday celebrations,"Was kept waiting 1.5 hours after the 3pm check in time. Was then given s room for 4 people when we had paid for 5 (and were offered no refund, one of our party had to stay elsewhere). The tv did not work which ruined a surprise my friends had planned. 2 of the 4 plug sockets did not work so we could not do our hair properly. We had to rush to get ready for our night due to being left waiting in the lobby for 1.5 hours, being told we weren’t priority. The beds were horrendous, every time you moved they creaked and woke you up. I would never stay here again. The only good thing was the location. ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mixed feeling,"Services was nice and fast. Lobby and conference rooms were normal Hilton (=high) level, nothing to compain. Everything worked as expected. But....room was far from Hilton level. Rooms might be great in 90s but there were in quite bad shape (see pictures). I would expect such condition in 2 or max 3 stars hotel but definitely not in Hilton in London and close to 200 € rate per night. I was living in 5th floor but traffic noise was disturbing. Especially night time street under my window sounds to be main route for police and ambulance.",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average not a 4 star hotel,"I stayed at the Hilton and it was the worst Hilton I have stayed. The first room they gave to us was at the corner of a corridor. It was really difficult to move around as it was so narrow. Additionally, the quality was not up to the standards of a 4 star. I changed the room.  The staff was pleasant and helpful. The second room was larger but still was not better in terms of quality. The furniture was tired and the bathroom was worn. There was no nı fridge in te room. The only good thing was the proximity of the hotel to Oxford Street and Hyde Park. Still I would not recommend it to anybody. It doesn ‘t worth the money,",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average property,"For Hilton standards, property was average. Staff was helpful though and accommodating. Location is great and very central with the Pier, Lanes and shopping district all within walking distance. Rooms are small and extremely warm. Windows barely open an inch with no air circulation at all. Fan was brought in the room but was of no effect. Extremely stuffy.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Terrible, thought it was a safe bet using a Hilton ","The room we had in the Tower wing was awful. I can’t believe this room is even given to guests. Paper falling off the wall, bathroom in need of repair, lamp shade seen better days, ceiling falling down. So many things wrong. Thought it being a Hilton was a safe bet, don’t let the name fool you. This is one of the worst hotel rooms I’ve ever stayed in.",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Probably one of the worst hotels in the world, a disgrace to Hilton","I stayed on a busniess trip here. The location of the hotel is good. But the hotel is one of the most worse hotel I had in the last 20 years. The hotel is dilapidated, the rooms are heavily used, dirty, a corridor was a ruin (and I had a superior room). In other cities, such a hotel would be closed or demolished. It is a shame to sell this dump under the name of Hilton. In the future I will avoid all Hilton hotels worldwide, you never know if you will get such an imposition again. Unfortunately I was here on business trip and the room was pre-booked, otherwise I would have left privately immediately. Shame on you!",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Visited with family ,"Love this hotel, Katie price at reception was excellent and professional, one of your best staff who you should do everything to keep. the room was quite small but fit for purpose. We had dinner at the Femma restaurant which was lovely but a bit on the up side on prices. The swimming pool was smaller than expected and it was quite busy, the buffet breakfast was amazing but no cooked to order eggs.just a generally good atmosphere at the hotel, will definitely stay again. ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family visit to London,This hotels rooms are not up to Hilton standard especially the lower priced ones-tired carpets and decor.Very close to the tube station though.The receptionist was very helpful though and moved us but then this rooms bed had springs sticking through!Finally on the third move we got an upgraded room and this was much better.,Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old but very friendly Staff!,A very big hotel perfect for big Business Events . Great locattion!! Some Floors are renewed and nicely maintained but some other floors are just old with smelly carpets!! Very nice staff and overall services!,Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,April 2019,"After initial check in problems an a subpar room, we were moved to an updated room with a view, however all promises up to this point were disappointingly. Overall the location was good as it was close to the train station and Underground locations. ",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel for staying in London,"We’ve had an excellent stay in this hotel on a recent trip to London. It’s well located, you can either hop on Edgware tube which is a stones throw away or walk into Central London which is a 30-40 minute walk.  We paid to stay in one of the suites (Sheridan). There was plenty of room for us and a separate area for our one year old son to sleep in. The views out across the City were excellent. The room has everything you need and the shower is great. Would happily stay in this room again.  The reason for not awarding a full five stars is three fold. Firstly, parts of the hotel look quite tired in comparison with other Hilton’s in London that we’ve stayed in. I think it definitely needs an upgrade in parts to maintain its popularity in coming years. Secondly, this hotel is pretty…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"RoomSize/Staff were good, Room cleaning is a NO","First impressions were good, nice and clean lobby well lit with the lobby staff being pleasant.  However, the check-in staff was somewhat of a issue with the guest name being “Not There”, even though the receipt that I got from online booking was clearly listing my name as one of the names on there alongside my friends name.  The room first impressions were also decent, a bit on the old side but with decent spacing and plugs for US/EUR/UK.  (Though our US one was broken, it made a zapping noise when plugged in, EUR/UK worked fine.)  The problems begin now, the drawers and a terrible one.  The cabinets/drawers were full of trash with receipts in the pile dating back to 3/28ish (Remember, I was at the room at 4/13) and was a disgusting mess. The room itself was not terribly bad,…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dodgy Hotel Requires a Remodel,"I don’t understand what other reviewers see in this hotel! They may have had a room in a building other than the Tower I stayed in, but you’ll see from other aspects of my stay that it is not near 4 stars. My king room in the Tower was OLD and small. I’m not a big person at all, but the bathroom was tiny even for me. Carpet=gross, bathroom=old fixtures/old non-functioning mirror/humidity damage, window view of an old wall and rusty pipes (I had to keep my curtains closed which I hate doing). Oh and the bed!  Nice covers but the mattress hurt my body and I don't usually have that trouble. I slept in a different section of the king each night, trying to find one that didn't hurt - no luck. TV had 5 boring (mostly news) channels, so thankfully I had a book. My experience wasn’t…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lots of improvements required ,"Starting from check-in, it was good and they provided me as requested with connecting rooms. However, being inside the room, following disadvantages: No complementary water provided; however the receptionist said there will be free water but you need to request them from the room service; however, the room service explained the water is chargable and it costs 10 Bound per bottle. The Bed has sounds whenever you move your body on it; i didnt pleasant sleep during my full stay. The A/C was not cooling. The receptionist staff are not handling the customers requests properly. The staff need to improve they customer service skills.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Visit,Very good location. Close to Train and subway stations. Guest room is big and morning breakfast was excellent. The food provided at the executive lounge was good. It provided buffet breakfast and evening snacks with all kind of drink ,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay at Hilton Metropole,"We celebrated our 50th anniversary at the Hilton Metropole and had a wonderful stay.  From the youngest (9) to the oldest (71) family member, everyone was treated with respect.  All questions were answered promptly and accurately and advice given was very helpful. ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, dated accommodation","Stayed here this passed weekend. On arrival I was advised that we had been upgraded to an exec room, very nice! Except the room was dated, there was a cheesy pint of milk in the very EMPTY mini-bar and let’s say the electrics had their idiosyncrasies.    It wasn’t an unpleasant stay, the bed was huge and comfortable. The shower was hot. The sink didn’t drain very well. The toilet paper was cheap. The carpets were stained and in some places threadbare.  The staff were all brilliant, we didn’t ask much of them but they were friendly and helpful when called upon.  It was just a mixed bag of good people and poor rooms.  ",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don’t stay in the Tower !,Stayed in this hotel for the last 10 years - have never been so disappointed in the service I’ve received tonight . Only 3 channels on the tv - have been told this is the issue we have ! Reported to customer services who didn’t want to own and said they’d call me back....I’m still waiting....   Disappointing stay - would definitely look elsewhere next time !,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor standards in room,"Stayed in the hotel last weekend in a triple single bed room. When we arrived the hotel looked very grand, staff were very polite and very helpful. Checked us in early. We went to our room, very disappointing. Bathroom was very run down, crack tiles and black mouldy grout, toilet stained, shower was broken and handle was broken. Bathroom was dirty with other people’s hair on floor. Beds were very clean, but mattresses weren’t that comfortable. Carpet in the room was dirty and stained. Room was very tired looking and needed redecorating. We complained at reception and was given a complementary breakfast. The food was nice as a buffet style with lots of choices to suit everyone’s needs, but not very hot. Overall for £211 (booked without breakfast) was very disappointed. I booked…",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,katastrofal max 2 stars,"Worst Hilton since 1964, well in-smoke rooms, not clean, ""hard beds"", have your written confirmation with you, to prove your booking, otherwise no help at all, must be incompatible management, but very good location  ",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"Located just a few minutes walk away from the Paddington station, this hotel is ideal to for the business traveler. The hotel bar and lounge is comfortable. There are also many eateries and pubs close.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable atay,"I just stayed one night, arriving late and leaving just after breakfast for a meeting but my room was quiet, warm and comfortable, the staff were all charming and the breakfast was very good.  I have a few more meetings looming in the area and fully intend to return!  P.S. Previous reviewers were right about the truly terrible juice at breakfast but the vegetarian sausages were good! ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,First time visiting London so I had no idea where I was staying and what I was close to!Hotel doesn’t look like much from the outside but as soon as you step in the reception area is beautiful. Appeared to be a very busy hotel. The bar was lovely and staff were accommodating. We didn’t dine here as we had room only. Family room for 5 adults was spacious. Cleaning staff were very accommodating with extra towels etc. Close to underground stations and shops. I was pleasantly surprised of the hotel standard for the price we paid. Key cards were rather sensitive but eventually worked. Enjoyable stay  overall.  ,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel stay ever! ,We booked this hotel through superbreaks with as a theatre break. Room was awful to the point I am now regretting not taking pictures. Don’t be fooled by the pictures on the website. Our room look like it came from the 1930 with a horrible musty stale smoke smell as well. Bathroom was disgusting and all the paint on the bath was chipping away. This was meant to be a nice romantic stay but instead we was given a twin room and asked before we came to be changed to a double as it was the same price they didn’t do this. Front of house staff was rude and didn’t even tell us where to go for breakfast the next day. Literally dropped our bags in the room and didn’t come back till 12am slept and that was it. Breakfast was disgusting as well. Will never stay in a Hilton again I thought…,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Unbearable noise,"We stayed in a Executive room for 1 night before an early train from Paddington (10 minute walk). This hotel is in a huge soulless building on Edgware Road just over the street from the Underground station. I'm Hilton Honours Gold, which isn't really much status these days but little touches like the sticker they put on the keycard holder make the difference. Check in staff very pleasant and public areas are fine with a number of bars and restaurants. I thought it was quite funny how the pleasant girl at check in sold the room with a 'great view' of Edgware Road, we were on the fifth floor and could see the flyover and a Marks and Spencer.  The room is ancient, their planned refurbishment can't come quickly enough. The main issue though was the road noise. Yes it was a Saturday…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel! ,"This hotel is massive, I was blown away. Check in was relatively simple, however unfortunately one of the rooms wasn't ready. The couple whose room wasn't ready were offered a complimentary drink, nice touch...however might have been nice for all of us to be offered a complimentary drink for the inconvenience. I had emailed through to ask for a treat to be left in my mum's room for her birthday, Hilton did a fabulous job by providing a lovely plate of cakes, fruit bowl and two large waters. The hotel it self was very good. Rooms spacious, comfy bed and nice view of London. Breakfast was plentiful and hot. I'd stay in this hotel again as location is good and rooms are comfy and spacious. ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing for a Hilton Hotel,"I have stayed in several other Hilton hotels, though I found this hotel was not up to the standard that they had set with their other locations.   The room was very dirty when we first arrived, the bath had hair in it, with the room having a musty smell. The carpets were also dirty, but the beds were very clean. The windows were exceptionally dirty on both the exterior and interior. The chair also had crumbs all over it and was very uncomfortable, and despite specifically staying on a non-smoking floor, I still smelt the stench of a cigarette throughout my stay.  I stayed at the hotel during the summer, when the temperature in London was soaring, and the hotel had little to offer in terms of cooling down the room. The air conditioner was useless, it was unable to cool down the…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel for business and access to transportation,Nice location near to restaurants and transportation convenient for business trips and close to oxford street and other nice places  Rooms need to be enhanced by changing the furniture and decorations more over gym was bad,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, good experience.","I was skeptical at first after read many negatives and positives review at the same time. But anyway I decided to take my chances due to the convenient location for my activities visiting London for 3 days. Check in process, flawless as a Hilton Honor member. The front desk person was courteous and professional. I was checking in early. I was accommodated in the 16Th floor of the tower. Room was in good shape, clean and all the necessary toiletries available. Kind of small for US standards in same kind of hotel. Plenty elevators available, I noticed 4. The Metro station is just a couple squares away. I have the opportunity to use the pool located in the 2dn floor and was clean and with a attendant at place all the times. The best experience was the Concierge desk, very friendly…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice location but tired,"Stayed for a theatre event close by so location important, and this hotel is really well located on edgeware road. The hotel is massive so loads of rooms, rooms are compact but fine, but they are coming due for refurbishment. I think some running repairs to the wallpaper above the wardrobe are visible see picture ( that’s called sticking a plaster over it, literally :-)  Staff were fine and service was good so nothing bad, just ok.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Anwar,One of the worst hilton hotels that you can vist! If any one can avoid it please do. Poor service with rude staff! Am re thinking my whole hilton diamond status after staying at this hotel. And after you lose your time and ruins your vacation they will say sorry see ya!!,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Conevenient Location,"Location of hotel is good and convenient, quite accessible at walking distance for mojor shopping and food streets and train stations but the service is not very good. Centralised location and easy to find hala food in the neighbourhood.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge Conference Hotel,"Visiting the Metropole on business.  Not staying so no comment on the bedrooms, but the business areas and lobby have been significantly modernised since my last stay here.  Nice spacious lobby bar and also an informal place to eat (Herb n Kitchen).  Hotel has significant conference space so not a quiet hotel.  Very busy given its superb location near Paddington and Baker Street.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay !!,"Terrific position, steps away from tube station (circle line to everywere) or 10 minutes away walking from Marble Arch, bus stops 100 meters away. Staff - very good welcome, prompt attention to travellers, appreciated advise on breakfast times and deals.  Concierge - We were assisted by Mr. Andrea the concierge, a man with London in his pockets, very attentive to family needs. We had dinner on our last night and Mr. Matteo the restaurant manager, took excellent care of my wife's food allergies and advised accordingly. Very good food and prices absolutely ok. Regret not to have chosen this option before. Look for these two professionals while here. Cleaning - Room found clean upon arrival and troughout the stay, thanks to the Mrs. Artemisia, outstanding service. Upon check out -…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,badly needs a refresh,The check-in experience and the hotel overall is OK.... but the rooms really need an urgent refresh... While there did not have a minibar... the fridge was empty... which is really strange for a 4*... Very poor amenities set as well for a business hotel....,Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK FOR A SHORT BREAK,"As per lots of other posts, we found our room needed some attention - grouting in the shower was mouldy being the worst of this. That said, it didn't spoil our two-night stay too much.       All the staff we came across were efficient and friendly (not one was British < not intended to be a bad point). The public areas were all perfectly OK. The breakfasts were great - wide range of cooked and uncooked plentifully available. A good deal through Trip Advisor made this a good choice of hotel.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Standard rooms do not correspond with rooms of a HILTON 4-star hotel,Standard rooms do not correspond with rooms of a 4-star hotel and much less than a Hilton. Luckily we were moved from room because the standard we had been offered was horrible. But what would have happened if the hotel had been full? I Won't recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Far below standard,"As a diamond member I got ""upgraded"" to Business Class room. Well, I say ""upgraded"" but only in the same was as having the flu is ""better"" than having cholera.  Very dated room with the most uncomfortable bed imaginable. The springs in the mattress were all broken resulting in something approaching torture.  The room was also dirty with mould and grime everywhere. To put the icing on the cake, the air conditioning didn't work and the room was sauna temperature all night.  Breakfast was like a cattle-market, with people clambering over each other and not enough tables.   Very unimpressed, and way below standard.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Oustanding Bar Service,"As good a Hilton as any. The salted beef bagel was excellent...What struck me in particular was the service I received from two members of staff in the Lounge Bar in the centre of the Hotel. Christian and Andrea behind the bar were excellent throughout the whole evening, I initially went down to try one cocktail at about 9:30 (a black pearl, which was incredible) and I enjoyed their customer service so much I stayed until 1 am. Even when a conference had just broke and the bar got very busy, Christian took the time to ask me what kind of drink I would like, and from there he made me this amazing cocktail that he created himself. These two are like artists behind the bar, you can see how important every little detail is too them. Please let them know what a great job they do.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed !,"They are not following the optional process of welcoming the silver/gold members with free water bottles like other hilton hotels.  Noise from the street was really load but it was because of the permanent window which was open .. once talked to them they send technician and fix it and it really make difference reducing noise level.  Not much electricity outlets in the room  Nice service of dialing one magic number to be available with one button for all services.. but it takes a long time to pickup uncomfortable beds has to be changed, didn't have good night sleep.  Didn't inform me that I forget some stuff in the room  Starbucks inside the hotel and ATM machines make a good added value to the hotel   Very close to two underground stations  Should I stay in this hotel next…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Vacation ,The staff of the hotel was great but the hotel rooms are hit or complete miss. Checked in late at night and the room was motel 6 level. Since I was there for a long stay went to the front desk and complained. Staff handled it well but they were sold out for the night so could not move. Gave us drink coupons and promised that they would move us to a different room the next night. Came back from a long day of sight seeing and they had moved us to a great room. They are renovating if you get a renovated room it is up to Hilton standards but the lower floor rooms that have not been renovated look like they were from the 70’s with 30 years of stains. Hilton needs to finish the renovation and support a staff that was very helpful and consistently friendly. ,Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely overnight stay,"We stayed here as part of a Travel Zoo deal. Our room, on the 10th floor was comfortable with everything we needed, including individual shampoo, bath gel etc. The double glazing meant there was no street noise and we were able to buy a sandwich, at a very reasonable price, before attending an event. Upon our return we were able to sit in the bar, playing great jazz, until well after midnight Breakfast was great, everything on offer including pots of coffee or hot water for tea de I’ve read to the table. A second jug was no problem",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Extremely disappointing,"Spent only one night in this hotel after booking a trip through Travelzoo, Omega Travel. The hotel that we was advertised was the Tower Hotel, which looked and sounded very good - however Omega deigned to transfer us to the Hilton Metropole because “there was a conference at the Tower” which meant that our rooms were double-booked. (Curiously people whom I know stayed at the Tower and said that there was no conference taking place......) The Room that we were allocated at the Hilton was small, it was cold (despite reporting that the heating was not working and a workman looking at it, nothing was done, and we were very cold!), our room was not available until 3.15pm (despite my asking the hotel if we could have earlier book-in time for my 93 year old mother). I also requested…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised ,"Having read all the bad reviews we stayed here for one night rather apprehensively as part of a visit to The Royal Albert Hall. Our initial room was on the 10th floor and exceeded our expectations until I sat on the mattress which felt as if it had collapsed. On checking we found clean bedding and cover but oh the mattress, see pics! To the credit of reception my Wife went to ask for a new mattress but we were immediately moved to a new refurbished room which was excellent. All staff really friendly and polite, breakfast selection great. Location excellent for visiting the sites of London but actual area nearby a bit iffy in our view!",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big hotel with many facilities near Paddington,Very large hotel. Restaurants. Meeting rooms. In what i suppose you call the Arab quarter. Quite a few Arabic speaking staff. Not sure it is Hallal but no pork served at breakfast. Seems like a lot of groups have meetings here. 5 minute walk to Paddington station. Even closer to Edgware Rd tube. Good business hotel. Would not come for a romantic visit.,Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Some areas need some tlc ,"We have stayed at this hotel several times over the years. I think this will be our last. Check in was faultless, pleasant young lady dealt with us quickly & efficiently.  We booked an executive room giving us access to the lounge. Afternoon tea left a lot to be desired. The sandwiches although a nice mix, were quite stale. The evening canapés were an odd mix, baffles me why hotels serve cheese cold! Our room along with the corridors needs some tender loving care. Wallpaper coming away from the walls for example.  On entering the room we needed to request slippers & dressing gowns, which were delivered quickly. It appeared as the evening went on our heating was not working, we should of rang for maintenance, but at 9pm did not want to be disturbed or moved. The bed made awful…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large City Hotel near Edgeware Rd Tube Station,"We booked a weekend in London and stayed at this hotel. A very large, busy hotel with plenty of  facilities.  The staff were all very pleasant, the room was fine, but was a bit tired. Breakfast was very busy with a queue on both days to enter the restaurant. The breakfast buffet was good. The location of the hotel is excellent, 100m from Edgeware Road Underground and behind the hotel is the canal network leading you to Little Venice. Very well placed for Central London. Recommended ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,excellent ...saved the day!,After booking.com had misled us on another accommodation Marble arch suites( filthy and dangerous !) we needed another place to stay.  We were close to the Metropol and being Honours members we called in. Marcel on 'reception was marvellous sorting a lovely room quickly and efficiently with much care. Room was huge and lovely view. Concierge recommended dinner at Zonzo locally and everyone we met at the hotel was friendly and efficient. it's large but not faceless...well done for rescuing our weekend!,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Loved it!,"As soon as my family and I arrived at the hotel we were met by lovely, friendly staff who were consistently courteous throughout our stay. Our superior family room was modern and very clean, with two TVs in the room (not that we watched much tv - way too tired after wandering round various parts of London day and night). Highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting London!",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, and the management knows it","In need of a proper cleaning and renovation. Great location and good staff, but most of the rooms are pretty run down and have not seen any form of renovation in the past few decades. The West wing could be turned into a British 90:s museum. Only stay if it considerably cheaper than other options. Walking distance to Heathrow Express.",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay for a big group,"I booked Hilton London Metropole a year in advance for my hen do so got a really great deal for 16 of us to stay. The hotel is really nice - especially the bar and the health club, both of which we used. The twin rooms were very modern and nice but I also booked a couple of triple rooms which had obviously not been refurbished for a while. They were fine though for the amount of time we were there. My only gripe about the stay was the man who checked us in. He was very dismissive of us and kept stopping to check WhatsApp on his phone. Every other staff member we encountered was lovely though, especially house keeping and the bar staff. Would recommend for the great location! ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mr. Ernesto,Location is Convenient to the Paddington rail station with easy access to Heathrow airport.  We found the bed to be uncomfortable and price unreasonable high for the quality of the hotel. I would put the hotel as less than average for the Hilton brand. Rugs are dated. Breakfast buffet was reasonable. The rooms are dated and the carpet needs to be replaced. Slow check in process,Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cardboard Bed and Flood,"I hate giving such a poor review because the employees were really nice (that’s why I gave 2 stars and not 1). Buuuuutttttt.... this is NOT an inexpensive place. I think I paid 300 pounds a night for an “executive” room. LOL   The hotel is really run down. The hallways (at least the floor I was on) show evidence of water damage, peeling wallpaper, and weird bolted panels. My “executive” room had a view of an air conditioning unit.   You could forgive all that if the room was nice, right? It wasn’t. The bed was literally the most uncomfortable I’ve ever had the displeasure of sleeping in at a hotel. It was like cardboard - creaked and was HARD. Not even plush covers or cushy pillows. The whole thing was terrible. Like sleeping on cardboard.   Then the shower... there was a gap…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,We stayed at the hotel for 4 days but the location is very good and near everything beside the employees are very friendly and helpful.  There is a station next to it and you could reach anywhere you want by taking the tube. We enjoyed out stay there it was very smooth. ,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very friendly hotel despite being huge.,"I've no idea what some people are moaning about in the reviews below. Me and a friend stayed in a twin executive room and had a great time. The staff couldn't do enough for us and our room was very good. Some people's problem is that they pay regular London room prices and then start complaining if there isn't a personal butler to hand them their towels as they step from their personal jacuzzis.  This is a huge hotel, its very busy (even in March when we went)...and theres always something going on within the hotel, so if you want a small romantic quiet hotel, this isn't it (even though its quiet in the rooms)...but if you want very friendly staff who can't do enough for you, a good help-yourself breakfast, hotels bars..etc ...you'll do a lot worse than go here.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A centrally located hotel with great potential!!,"Hilton has 3 in London - Paddington, Metropole and Park Lane.  This is a monster hotel in the center of London with over 1000 rooms. This property is a walking distance from Paddington station (10min) in case you are coming from Heathrow and use the Heathrow express train. However you can also take the Tube (underground train) from Paddington to Edgeware road and than it’s just a min walk.  The hotel is conveniently located for travel as 2 tube terminals are close by and take you to various part of London in terms of commercial and touristic sites.  This hotel is more suitable of a business, group hotel and conference. The concierge staff are always helpful and willing to assist in every way.. 2 areas to focus:  Reception, considering the size of the property i surely found this…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average at best,"We were allocated a deluxe suite on the 23rd floor of the tower wing. When we entered the room we said ""what's deluxe about this?"" the room has a view of buildings under construction locally. The room was in need of modernisation, from the telephone to the bathroom., it is old and needs updating. We were unimpressed. The elevators are a joke. We finished breakfast and waited in the queue. We finally squeezed in and started the journey. The lift stopped at nearly every floor and at every floor there were people waiting to come down. Our lift reached floor 15 and then started descending even though the floors above had been requested. We then stopped at every floor to pick up people wanting to come down. We finally arrived at ground floor only to start the journey back up. The…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,How can this be a 4*,"Three Star hotel at most folks, the hotel is old, out-dated and overall quite a disappointing stay.  The first day was extremely jet lagged, so I left the room around 2, got back around 11pm the room was not cleaned, that sucked.  The breakfast was mediocre at best, was disappointing in the lack of papers. I am in London, why would I want to read a China Daily newspaper? Some things, I will never understand.  For the price and also being a Hilton Gold member, it was an extremely lame property.   and to leave you with the highlight of the hotel - if you are looking for a nice rack of ribs, you can go down to the so called ""Sports Bar"" which is sponsored by Jim Beam. I would give them a solid 7.5/10. For hotel food, its not so bad.",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best hotel in London!,Stayed at this hotel for a family fun weekend. Really good service for check in and check out. Rooms nice and big enough to fit 2 adults and 3 children. Close to tube station so we parked and seen London by foot. ,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tower of London,"We went London to visit the Tower of London, staying at the Hilton London Metropole. We were given complimentary early check in at 11.00. We had also booked an executive bedtoom with the lounge. The staff were amazing.  So friendly and helpful. Filez was absolutely brilliant, helpful and friendly  We will definitely be back. Thank you",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing housekeeping service,While the experience was otherwise satisfactory I was very disappointed that belongings left in my room on checkout were unaccounted for after housekeeping. While the service was polite they were deficient in their explanations.,Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This is a convention hotel,"Excellent location. Excellent room cleaning staff but thats all it has. Waited over 30 minutes in the hotel main bar for a coffee and finally left. This was typical for this bar in our week long stay. Service in all bars and restaurants was the same. Brutal. One day we came back from sightseeing and all you could smell was sewage in the main lobby areas but it lingered to the westend elevator lobby. Was horrible. For a Hilton, I was shocked fridges werent a standard in a suite room.  The location and the Pret A Manger and M&S nearby made up for the negatives of this hotel.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,very convenient,"This hotel is very conveniently located right across Edgware Road station. Very close to central London. It is VERY BIG, probably one of the biggest in europe. The staff was amazing and very friendly. The beds were pleasantly quite firm which to be honest was nice to sleep in for a change. Breakfast was also very tasty and service was of course Hilton good.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great birthday ,"My friend organised a birthday room for me and let me just say the staff done an amazing job! Had a cake waiting for me on the table and some fruits and it was really nice, thank you! My was a Queen superior room and I was expecting everything to work properly. The sink in the bathroom did not dry - we reported to the front desk - and the shower was not so great. 12th floor so great view but it was a celebration night, the fridge wasn’t working properly, so we hoped in the ice machine for some ice but either the machine was off. You don’t expect this kind of things to happen when you’ve booked at an Hilton, right? The beds were big enough and comfy. Breakfast at Fiamma was ok, great staff, smiling and always friendly but extremely polite. Great attention to detail from the whole…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needing a refurb,"I stayed at the Hilton Metropole for two nights whilst in London for a rugby dinner and the Calcutta Cup match at Twickenham. It’s well sited on Edgeware Road but is a large, ugly building.   It is a genuinely massive hotel but, despite that, I had a superb welcome from Iman on reception (my checkout experience was also excellent -didn’t get the lady’s name).  Front of house is massive: fairly grand  but with unnecessarily intrusive awful music in the bar area.  My standard twin room was  clean but in real need of a new design scheme:  very old hat.  Shower curtain over the bath which is never pleasant.   The bar and bar staff are nice but, as they major on cocktails, service is a bit laboured.    Breakfast had a feeling of organised chaos: there are simply too many people to…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Interior is not upto expectations.,"Disappointed at the state of the carpets on the corridors , the room size is average . The broken shower  was  a disappointment , there's no latch on the bathroom door that wouldn't shut properly and it's definitely not sound proof !  However the service is good , location is excellent and the staff are friendly and helpful .  Will I visit again?  Yes . ",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dreadful Hotel At Which You'll Be Ignored and Confused,"what a horror show this property is!  i last stayed at the hilton metropole about 25 years ago. during that visit, i was evacuated to the street at 2 AM due to a hotel fire. so, imagine my surprise when i entered my completely outdated and poorly appointed room on a return visit in March, 2019 to find a hang tag on a lamp, placed perilously close to the drapes, that states: “POTENTIAL FIRE RISK…THIS LAMP GETS VERY HOT… PLEASE DO NOT HANG ANYTHING OVER IT.” good god, if there are that many people starting fires by hanging things on top of your lamp, maybe your guests are not the problem… why not get rid of the lamp?  as a diamond member, a very frequent elite guest in hilton’s loyalty program, I was upgraded to an alleged “executive” room, but there is nothing that speaks…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Huge hotel, bad rooms ","My wife and I stayed here for two nights. Nice lobby and restaurant area, it seems obvious to me that all the money for renovations where spend here and not in the rooms. The room we got had some kind of a “smell”, like an old, wet carpet or something. The bathroom is old and definitely needs an upgrade. Good location of the hotel and is next to a grocery store which is nice. 2 minutes of walking to Edgware Road subway. Breakfast was average. ",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location and spacious room,"Pros: - Got upgraded to King superior room, so it is very very spacious room - super good location from Paddington/Egware road tube stations (2 locations which have different lines of tube route)  Cons: Super outdated room - furniture, carpet and everything can tell you they are all dated, either chipped or dis-colored bathroom - very filthy, you can smell from the shower curtain, i used up all my room spray to cover the smell (long story short, the room i ended up staying is already my 2nd room), but it failed customer service - hair dryer was missing from the room, so called, and it took at least 45 minutes to send to me when they said they would send that ""now""  Conclusion: this is my 1st time to stay in Hilton and I was thinking to build up the membership status from Gold to…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nightmare    London Hilton  metropole,Between 7-10/3/19 I order a room  and pay for the room in advance   When I checked in  asked as ordered higher floor the room which was offered to me was  dirty stinking the carpet was dirty the Sikh was broken the iron  board was broken and dirty  The room was changed to another room which was in bad condition I have 3 nights of nightmare  the area and  hotel locations is not recommended I will not use this hotel   Hilton london Metropole for the poor service and location,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Greatly Improved,"I stayed here a few times before but this time it was different. I had just come off a 14 hour flight and needed a place for the night. I booked the hotel 20 minutes before reaching, I booked the cheapest room I found but asked for an upgrade with my gold membership which was granted. The room I got was recently refurbished, it wasn't sound proof as I could hear some cars and police cars at night but I didn't hear neighbours. The room was great it had all the expected aminities, the rooms no longer provide complimentary water unless you are a member which I think is a bit strange but in Europe most people use tap water so nothing major. All in all I think the room that I got was good not sure about rooms which are on a lower level. The room I got was a deluexe queen/king? size…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,3rd time lucky?,"Second time to this hotel. The first time I stayed here id say it was average, but given its close location to Edgware Road underground station (just round the corner) I thought id give it another go.  After recently becoming a Hilton Honors member, check in was good as there are a few dedicated desks. I was a bit surprised when I was given my room number, as it wasn’t the one I had checked into online 24 hours beforehand, but I went straight to my room. I got to the door, and it was the same room, just another 6 floors higher.  However, when I opened the door, it was clear that there was someone already staying in the room! Suitcases, clothes, shoes, general personal items…..i was lucky no one was in the room, goodness knows what I might have walked into, let alone I would have…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very big hotel ,"Nice hotel great location, easy walk 2 Oxford street primark end. very friendly staff , hotel is very big so busy but staff were all nice and helpful . Tube station just on door step also . Nice breakfast. Rooms fine ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not staying here again,"I checked in to my room, around 8pm, and even though the temperature outside was cold (London in March after all) the room was hot—around 24°C—so I set the air conditioning to 18°C. An hour later, the temperature was unchanged, so I went down to reception to ask to be moved to a room with functioning air-conditioning. I had also found uneaten food from a previous guest in the refrigerator, which is pretty disgusting. I was moved to ""newly refurbished"" room in the Tower Wing. The receptionist also asked me whether there was anything I needed, by way of service recovery, and I said I would like some fresh milk for making tea.  When I checked into my new room, while much of the decor was indeed new, the refurbishment had not included the trim around the windows, which had a lot of…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Check in ,I’ve never given  out 1 or 2 star reviews / I like giving 4 & 5 star reviews - I’ve made an exception today after a long day of travelling I was waiting to check in - and the 7 or 8 receptionists kept waving people forward from the Hilton honours queue - and not from the ‘Ordinary Queue’ - So theoretically you could be in the ordinary queue forever (maybe that’s what  eternity is like) when you are paying a lot of money for a hotel room - I don’t want to feel like a 2nd class citizen  - I totally understand why you want to make loyalty club members  feel special - don’t do it by making  other paying clients feel like they don’t count - I did raise it with the receptionist she was polite - but probably though I was a grumpy Northerner (Guilty)  ,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,This hotel is ok i did not realise that it was as far away from my venue then expected but other than that it was a good stay and breakfast was nice I always like a Hilton breakfast Thanks you for my stay.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money,"I paid around 2400 pounds and they gave me a room with broken sofa bed, broken refrigerator, water boiler will boil forever if you don’t switch off the cable. On the third day they withdrew a thousand pounds from my card and then they said it was a system mistake. The room is clean but don’t look under the beds or the sofa bed it’s very dirty underneath. And don’t be fooled by the pictures, the superior family room is not big at all. I don’t want to even talk about the bathroom ( ex. weak water pressure and no bath slippers provided). However the breakfast and the staff were nice. ",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel. Great Location,I have stayed there a few times and enjoy staying there because I go swimming and love the central location and the choice of restaurants around. Executive lounge is relaxing and the view is amazing depending on what floor you are on. Hilton never disappoints  ,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big and busy,"Looking for a reasonably priced hotel this time around and got the Metropole at a very good rate. It is quite a big busy hotel, the reception was well manned and i found the down stairs area, Whisky lounge, bar area, restaurant and the sports bar was very clean, well maintained and generally a nice area to spend time in. I found on the whole the staff to be friendly, helpful and attentive ( some of the evening bar staff need acknowledge the customers a little quicker ) and the breakfast is of a good quality with a choice larger than i have seen in a London hotel for a very long time. The room is very tired but it had a good shower and i did not need to spend much time there. The room also had terrible lighting, which to be fair i find in most hotels. Good job the Memsaab wasn't…",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel Stay,"Hello I would like to thank Shadi and Team in Exec. Lounge for a wonderful visit to the Hotel There warm welcome in entering the Lounge was outstanding with the Pressures they all under on a daily basis Rooms were perfect ,thankyou to the Housekeeping Staff for getting the room ready in quick time  Adriana with her Colleague cannot due enough to make the visit a pleasure to stay with them  I must mention on the young blonde girl who stood in the main reception on Wed. ,welcoming guests to the Hotel was excellent,this is a change to the good as I have not seen this for a long time  Porter Staff are always in attendance to assist Conciege Guys are always in fine form on entry to Hotel Restaurant with Chef Michael always willing to assist on your choice to meals ,with a alternative…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expected more,I expected more from a Hilton. The hotel was in a good location and the staff were friendly. My main issue was my room.  The bed somewhat uncomfortable. The walls were rather thin so I could here everything going on in the next room. ,Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big big overcrowded hotel ,"So, the hotel is vey vey very big. I have Deluxe King room as the receptionist told me refurbished...but how many years ago or with which quality of materials? I forgot to make photos, but peeling paint on the windows, worn curtains, it is clear that repairs were made, but its quality is debatable. In my opinion, the hotel is at the level of 3 stars. Awesome staff, very good breakfast, surprisingly, but overall, not a 4-stars hotel. ",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Improved,Had sworn not to return but had no choice as preferred options were full. Got room upgrade and actually decent night//sleep in West wing. Still as crowded for breakfast. Conveniently located opposite the tube station. ,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Quick Family Stay ,"My husband and 3 teenage daughters were in London for a week, the last 2 nights spent at the Hilton London Metropole. Yes based on reviews I did have some trepidation but aside from booking 2 rooms elsewhere or an Airbnb/VRBO deal its hard to find hotels that accommodate our family size. We spent the first part of our trip at a family member’s house close by in Paddington. We had a very pleasant stay at the hotel. Our room was clean, comfortable, and very spacious, fitting all five of us very well in a Family Superior Room. There were 2 queen beds and a sofa bed. There were no odd smells. Our floor was pleasantly scented with lavender as was our room. Great city views as we were on the 13th floor in the West Wing. The reviews are very true in terms of the rooms being very dated…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horror,"Is this a Hilton? Really?! The Room is old, dirty, smelly, small. Heating is noisy. There is no minibar and no complimentary water. Everything you need you need to call, and wait..wait wait.. and when the bottle of water arrives it is WARM! And The Tv does not work (only two channels). It feels like a 1 star hotel from the 70ies. In the bathroom the toilet cover is broken so it almost fall on the floor. This is not a Hilton this is a joke. Stay very far away from this place.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing customer experience for a Hilton ,"After a long day at the office and still working, just looking for some decent hotel food, which we know isn’t the best at times anyway. Was told at the restaurant, 15 min wait for a table, despite it being half empty. Sports bar not a viable option as football on and bar menu not substantial enough. Tried to order in bar something else from other menu but told not doable.  Ended up leaving hotel and going to Starbucks. Deeply disappointing customer experience from Hilton.",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,"Had an excellent stay here!! We booked x2nights b&b and the king deluxe room!!! The room was comfy and couldn’t get enough of the comfy bed and linen, the shower was great,although no bath in this room. Check in and check out was one of the smoothest I have had at any Hilton. Breakfast can be very busy but worth it as something for everyone a great selection. Location is fabulous and enjoyed the bar although can be abit slow!!! All in all very impressed and would rate this hotel and would come back again!!! Keep up the good work. ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel for meetings,Stayed for 2 nights to attend a training at the hotel. I was impressed with every areas from check-in to the meeting facilities till the food and beverage outlets. Friendly and well trained staff. Special mention to Edg bar cocktails and hard working staff at breakfast. ,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,no room thermostat,"staff is great. property is clean and stylish. bar is good and busy. However, there is no way to control temperature in your room. There is no thermostat. It just says turn left for cool and right for heat. I had ""heat on"" but froze. I had to take covers off extra bed to stay warm",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location but hotel needs some work,"The location is great.  Very close to Paddington station if you are coming in from Heathrow and also very close to Edgeware road station on the Bakerloo line which makes it pretty easy to get anywhere you want to go.  There are also some good middle eastern restaurants nearby.    But the hotel is old and tired and needs some updates.  The carpet is old and needs replacing, the bed was pretty old and too hard (for a Hilton I was surprised).  Worse is the fact that they still have very old magnetic swipe door locks which are now very unreliable given their age (had to get security to open my room once and get my keys recreated twice because the locks are too old and not sensitive enough to work well).    I would likely stay elsewhere next time.  ",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,50th Birthday,"Booked a stay for my 50th birthday. Got this deal for my stay, all though I'm an honours member I couldn't transfer it last year when I booked it first off all as the operator couldn't see my booking, only being told to try closer to the date but to no avail  Anyway let's get on to my stay, booking in process was good due to being an honours member having dropped our bags off into our room, some people were still getting booked in as we went out who were in the other queue.  First off all I was booked into an executive room, well I've stopped in quite a few hiltons, Hamptons, doubletrees etc, no way in any terms was this an executive room, the decor was 1970's, furniture was chipped and the bathroom was terrible look at the pictures, rotted sealing around the shower, stained…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Down and Out in London,"I just completed a 3 night stay in room 734 of the Metropole, I regretted my decision to stay here as soon as I got off the elevator. I decided to stay here instead of the Paddington Hilton because the rate was 25 GBP less per night, was that a mistake. When you enter the hotel the lobby looks bright and updated, but that is where the updates stop. Room 734 is straight out of the 70's including the famous endangered Leopard skin hallway carpet (see photo). Its impossible to believe that this was an upgrade from my booked Kind Superior room?? My room is super old, outdated, and has a terrible view of other people's bedrooms in the apartment block inches away. For a moment I thought this horrible location would have a silver lining because there is a balcony, however the door is…",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expect better from a Hilton,"I recently spent 5 nights at the hotel for a conference and while the staff, the conference facilities, bars, restaurants were all a high standard the rooms and corridors where a letdown.  The rooms are very tired and dated and simple things like the shower head not the correct size, so it kept falling out.  The corridors had smelly carpet as if they had been water logged and had never dried out. Many of the attendee of the conference had to shift rooms due to problems and smells etc. just not Hilton standard.  The location is brilliant, and the staff were very accommodating. I would stay there again and would just make sure I asked for a refurbished room.   ",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Just another dumpy UK hotel, with bad service and poor rooms.","The British, for all the wonderful things they've given the world, can never seem to figure out hotels.  This hotel is no exception, as it's just another large dumpy UK convention hotel.  The location in terms of access to Paddington and the tube (Edgware Road) is excellent, but that's basically where the good news stops.  The hotel was extremely crowded the entire time we were there, with super long lines noted both mornings at the breakfast room.  We didn't partake after seeing the queue.  We were initially provided a room that did not have functioning climate control.  After a call down to reception, some workmen finally turned up and got the air to work.  This lasted all of 10 minutes before it died again.  I marched down to the front desk to voice my frustration and was…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed ,"Booked as part of a package deal with theatre show Arrived at lunch time and told they had upgraded us which we were very pleased with, but when we got to the room and saw that there was a bath and not a shower cubicle we asked to move due to one of my friends not having great mobility. They showed us a disabled room with pull cords and wet room again not suitable for 3 friends. Due to them wanting to bring in a roll away bed! The staff were very unhelpful and in fact the Italian male receptionist was damn right rude!! I will never use this hotel again which is such a shame as I’ve used this hotel previously and had a great experience! The fixtures and fittings in the bathroom were disgraceful, poor workmanship, holes and unfinished work! Totally unacceptable! There was 3 of us…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better than last time!,"We stayed here for the second time. We requested the new refurbished side if the Hotel on this occasion and yes the Room layout was better & cleaner.  Being a family of 5 the Room size was enough for us. However the downside was the Room Temp Control, the Temp was so high the room was baking when we walked in first. After calling the Engineer the temp did come down but not controllable level, lucky it was a cold night. The Hotel needs to look at the room temp systems as many guests are not happy with this. The Pool was great like last time, kids enjoyed, it small but not too busy. Very clean hotel and the Coffee Shop and Bar were good, nice Pints. On the check out Reception I explained the Room Temp situation to Luciano Frederico and he was fantastic. He understood that our stay…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very helpfull and friendly staff !,"After a rather bad first night in a very small and quite shabby room (also a terrible smell inside), we decided to ask for a different room for the two remaining nights ! The way the frontdesk manager took care of the situation was absolutely amazing ! Together with the rest of the reseption crew we had a new upgraded room(very nice) in 15 minutes !!! All in a very polite , friendly , and forthcoming manner !! Best service ever ! We will for sure be back to this Hotel for our next trip to London ! Excellent breakfast also , again with very friendly staff !!!",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor room temperature cool,"Low rating is due to room cooling system that did not work - hot room at night.  Front desk was contact twice and problem was not corrected.  This has happen to me at this hotel on prior stays. Unfortunately, this will probably the last time I will stay at the Metropole.  The staff are friendly.  Good location and room cost reasonable for area.",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Just stayed in a family superior room, with my wife and 3 girls (2 teenagers and a 7 year old).   The hotel is ideally located for exploring London. The rooms are excellent and the breakfast was something else.   The staff were all friendly and helpful, and we will be more than happy to come back when we're next in London.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,THEIFING STAFF at the London Hilton Metropole,Weekend stay at the hotel with a group of friends was ruined by theft of valuable pieces of jewellery from our rooms. We informed the police and have crime reports but they have not been able to catch the culprits. The electronic door records show only one person had entered the room and the hotel security say they have questioned the person who has obviously denied it - apparently that is the end of their investigation!  I am not sure who all are involved in this and I even suspect about some sort of organised crime. Either way the hotel definitely has a problem which they have not addressed and I am sure this will happen again ( look for previous reviews - it has happened before!). All of us who had items stolen are well paid professionals who don’t need to make false…,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton metropole London,"I didn't think the standard of a 4 star hotel was good, when me and my son booked in we had a kings dulux they were saying we have a other room and when we go there it smells like smoke and the bed was hard, went to reception they gave us another room queens room that smelled better but the bed was hard still, the pool was closed 2days we were there due to no life guard they only have one I was told think that disgraceful if one is off have another one, didn't find the staff very helpful apart from one, not as good as it looks in the photos of the rooms. Won't be going back.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fraud on room charges ,Stayed with friends 1 room had massive stain on floor 6 times reported no attempt to clean it offered room move on last day.  Be aware of fraud on room charges i had room charges added to my room from the bar which not done by myself.  As someone signed and not my signature i was still invoiced in process of trying to get refunded but the accounts department saying a signature was put on ticket.  At the time i was in bed ill asleep still waiting for a cctv image of person who put on room.  This has been a upsetting experience and customer service has been appalling following my complaint .    Hotel lobby areas clean the breakfast was good   ,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,**Green motion car rental *** i would definitely not use this company again,"really painful, in this day and age how does a car rental company need such an exhaustive list of documentation.... and then not take AMEX as a credit card or a debit card?? they must know a large amount of people fail to bring all of these things...and that its too late on the day for them to rebook elsewhere....so green motion offer solutions that invariably cost a fortune.... i have full annual global excess cover but had to spend £80 on full insurance cover which was far more than the car rental....so i could drive to a funeral... to be fair they detail what is required once you have booked but you just come away feeling like you have been hustled... i wont use them again...i would not recommend anyone use them.",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,"Was here for 4 nights for business. Hotel is well located for the tube which is just across the road, also as the weather was good it was a nice walk down Edgeware Road to get to Marble Arch and the park. As we were in an Executive Room we had lounge access which for a couple of nights was very busy but we got a seat and there was a constant supply of food and drinks so well worth it.  Although they do breakfast in the lounge as well we went to the main restaurant for the extra choice, weren't disappointed, good range of hot and cold items and good quality, didn't experience any queue's but we were done early each day.   Had one issue getting into the room but it turned out to be user error...think the card readers are quite old so there's a 'knack' to getting them to…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location for travel from Paddington station,"Stayed for a night with daughters to celebrate younger daughter's birthday.  Had a selection of cakes with happy birthday piped on the plate in chocolate and fruit, which my daughter loved.  Breakfast had an excellent assortment, even though it was very busy.  Within walking distance from Paddington station and easy to get around. Staff very helpful.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Valentines weekend,Well I booked this hotel because of its name thinking it would be great. It wasn’t. Took us over 20min wait to check in. On way to room it’s carpets and walls have holes. The room was lovely and the bed comfortable but to wake up in the morning and see a queue outside the breakfast room was too much. Another 20 min wait and then to find the food was barely warm and had to wait for a few items that had run out. Never again Hilton....,Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, reasonable prices ","I have stayed at the Hilton Metropole on a few occasions while in London. It is reasonably priced and in a good location for visiting most areas.   The hotel is clean, staff are friendly, polite and attentive. Breakfast is inclusive for a range of dietary lifestyles and the bar is relaxing with a good selection of drinks.   I have stayed before and would stay again. ",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok,Just ok because the location is good. Rooms smell and are dated. Staff is nice. Would not stay again unless needed to be near paddington station which you can walk to. Bathroom needs updating as does hotel generally! Gets very crowded. Close to tube ,Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Gone down hill,"Lasted stayed at this hotel ten years ago and decided to go back again and booked an executive room. The room is very tired with the majority of the furniture all badly marked up. the bathroom seem very outdated as well. Had breakfast in the main restaurant and the queue just to get in was down the corridor, which we thought ok not a problem.When we got in the food in the two hot food section offered slight different offering like one did not serve bacon or pork sausages but do not tell you and there was a lack of plates in certain areas. the food was constantly running out and staff did not care . the waitering staff were rushing around and one even nearly knocked me over when he bumped into me while i was carry plate of food.there just seemed total mayhem in the place and no…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,BEWARE: THIEVING HOTEL STAFF!!!,Whilst staying at this hotel we discovered that someone had gone through our bags in two interconnecting rooms and stolen various items of jewellery. We reported the incident to hotel security who gave us false assurances that the matter would be investigated. A few hours later we learnt that nothing had been done about it so we had to explain everything all over again this time to management. Later management came to inform us that only the housekeeper had access to our room that day and they could have not have been the thief as they had worked in the hotel for years. However this was not true as we learnt the next day the housekeeper admits maids in to clean the rooms unsupervised and with the door shut. Also we were told by the manager that in all the years he had worked…,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Getting sloppy.,"Usually such a good hotel to visit but starting to get sloppy, from prositute propositioning my colleague outside the entrance at taxi tank, the smell of weed and undercooked pizza for room service,  awful pillows and cheap mattresses is running down a fantastic hotel.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor Value,"Stayed here for 2 nights.  It's time that some money was spent on the guest rooms.   The reception and lobby areas are clean, and the decoration gives the impression of what you expect a Hilton to be, but go behind this and the guest rooms are tired and need some TLC.   I had a room which was not the room I had chosen via on-line check-in, it was an accessible room, shower area the seat was cracked, hinges rusty and the seat could not be folded away which made showering difficult.   For a King Superior the work area chair was purely a chair from a conference room and not one that was conductive to sitting in for any length of time.  This is not the first Hilton I have stayed where the upkeep of the guest rooms is not good.   ",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Great hotel with friendly personal (f/O Marcel and Nittha ware very helpful). Hotel is very big but I felt welkom ,the did you went to great job to create family feeling.  My room was very big and clean . Breakfast was good and I had the jasne to try English-Breakfast too . Sauna and pool area ware not busy so I had great relaxing time in there. Thank you for the great hospitality ",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,cozy hotel,"Cozy hotel, very good location near by the Edgware Road ( Arab Road) close to Starbucks, costa coffee shops. Friendly staff, clean and comfortable rooms. view of the hotel is cool, everything you need is in your hand.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible this time,"Normally good service and have stayed many many times, but this time food service was appalling. Ordered food, came 10 mins later waiter said he would go and get cutlery but after 10 mins no cutlery and food going cold. Called the manager over who said he would replace the cold food ASAP, 25 mins later he reappears and seems surprised that no food, and calls the original waiter over who said he told somebody else to sort it out. Manager said it wasn’t his fault as he told the kitchen to replace it quickly. Gave up on eating as was now so late and demanded the food and service charge be removed from my bill so await to see if that is the case tomorrow when I check out. On a positive note check it was great, friendly and helpful as ever.",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good except for the lifts!!,We visited here as a family of five on the 22nd of December 2018.  Good bits: The hotel was beautiful. Very classy. Great location. Within walking distance of winter wonderland which was why we were staying. I've seen reviews saying the rooms weren't great but ours was actually really nice! Clean with plenty of space and comfy beds. We had room service which was expensive but you expect that with it being a Hilton but it was really nice so in my opinion worth the money. The breakfast buffet had a great selection and was fresh.   Bad bits: If I remember rightly we were on the West wing on the sixth floor (I may be wrong as we were only here for one night and it had been a long day!). The morning after our stay we went to the lifts to go down to breakfast to be greeted by about…,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice location, nice front, but really worn rooms","Just to start off. I have given the Hotel a couple of weeks to reply to my email,still no reply, so I will now share my thoughts with you. As a 4-star hotel i would assume that everything is in working order and up to a certain standard, unfortunatley this is far from the case with this hotel.  Sky bar was closed(?), despite advertisements in the hotel about its opening times.  Pros: Breakfast had a good selection of food and drinks. Lobby and bar looks perfect. There are many employees easily available at the premisies if you have any questions. Location is good, close to the underground and bus-stops.  Cons: A collection of dust in the bathroom ventilation Worn down room, terrible attempts at ""repairs"" Leaky showerhead Cracks in seal between wall and bathtub Toilets in the…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,FRAUDSTERS,"FRAUDSTERS, i am in kenya, you said my card was invalid and emailed me to update a different card, i do and 3days later you go back to the records get money from the invalid card Without consent, yet another card was updated and money taken too. I called wad told to email. I emailed no response... I am now pursuing this as a legal matter and sueing.",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Aother wonderful stay at the Hilton Metropole,Thank you Hilton for another wonderful hotel experience. All staff extremely helpful and a special thank you to Monica in the executive lounge and Steffano at reception. I introduced a group of friends to the hotel and they were not disappointed. The breakfast as always was historic. Hope to back for a longer stay in the summer.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful suite,We stayed in a King suite (Burns Suite). So spacious with a separate lounge area. Check I was delayed but the staff more than made up for that and key us wait in the executive lounge.   Not overly keen on the area but you’re so close to the tube that London is your oyster (pardon the pun). Fabulous cooked breakfast in the morning.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It's a bed in London,"The bar downstairs is nice, and the bed is ok -- but the room is dilapidated & the corridors dank. The gym is also quite basic and quaint. I was also unimpressed by the Bar on level 23, as it wasn't there anymore, even though it's signposted everywhere!",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"We stayed here for our week that we spent in London. The Hotel itself was quite large. We were very early for our check in but they were able to get us in our room right away. The room was large, a corner room with a large window that over looked the road. That was nice and allowed some great natural light. We were club level and that was great! Each day we had access to breakfast, lunch and small plate dinner. They had a stocked drink bar and a great Nespresso maker. If you can get club level definitely do it! The hotel overall was very quite, we had no issue with any unnecessary noise. Our only issue we had was that our TV in the room only had one channel and that kept going out. We informed the front desk twice but nothing was done about it. To be honest we didn't mind, we…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired Hotel,"Stayed at this hotel a few times, it really is a bit of a lottery as to what sort of room you get. However I will confine my comments to the room we stayed in on our last visit. In brief, the room was small and dark, but most of all it was old and tired. Decor was c. 1990's with much evidence of wear and tear and zero evidence of on going maintenance. Wallpaper was torn and stained in places, paintwork yellow having clearly not been painted for many year, chipped and damaged in many places. Walking into the room the overwhelming feeling was of walking into the past, but not in a good way.  As regards facilities, the ground floor bar is inadequate for a hotel of this size, impossible to get a seat in the evening. We decided to try the Skybar on the 23rd floor, which was…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old and tired decor ,"I stayed two nights for business. I was disappointed by the hotel. While the lobby and the bars have been refurbished, the rest leaves to be desired. The room furniture is old, tired, chipped. The carpet stained. The bathroom clean and functional but cramped. There is a lot of choice for breakfast and it is ok. I had a pizza at the restaurant one night and it wasn’t nice. It’s very large hotel and it looks like a factory for tourist and people. I will it come back.",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The best hotel chain in the world!,"This was the greatest experience in my life! Staying in Hilton London Metropole was amazing experience! The breakfast was simply the best with plenty of choices. The receptionist make to us a room upgrade wich was make our stay unforgettable! Thank you very much Hilton,you have the best stuff!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stunning hotel,Stayed here for my daughters 18th last week. Have to say spotless hotel. Lovely staff and they knew it was her 18th. There was a birthday cake in the shape of towels on the bed a birthday card and cakes in the room and they gave us a bottle of wine at the bar. Huge hotel food was lovely. Only one thing I didn’t know before staying was there is a 12 percent service on even a cup tea. So just have extra money but hotel is amazing.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mixed Feelings,I booked late due to an oversight but even at that felt the tariff (50% higher than my normal Novotel venue) felt a bit excessive - but unneeded a room. A very friendly and welcoming check in experience and the spacious and well maintained foyer and bar area gave me done reassurance. The room was fine although the Tower Block decor feels a bit tired. Bathroom was clean and functional but again a makeover would not go amiss. Quiet peaceful night despite the busy location . Nice well attended breakfast ended the experience.   No real grounds for complaint- only that much better value exists not that far away.  ,Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just another disappointing London hotel,"Huge hotel, well located for central London and transport links. Attended an awards event recently and disappointed with the service offered. No residents bar available. Rooms are basic, spacious enough but a bit tired looking. some staff appear to believe that they are more important than the guests.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Does not live up to Hilton brand,"I stayed at this hotel with family for a theatre trip for one night and had not stayed here before but trusted the Hilton brand.  We booked a triple family room and problems started from the moment we arrived at the room.  We stayed in December and it was very cold but the duvets on bed were so thin we asked for blankets.  We made the request four times eventually to be told after three hours they only had one spare blanket left in hotel.  We asked for a heater and were provided with one five hours after we checked in but the room was still cold.     The room on 12th floor needed major renovation as furniture was chipped, paint peeling, carpets stained and the fridge was dirty.  The bathroom was even worse with mould on tiles and ceiling.  The bath panel was also damaged but we…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hits the Spot for a Family City Break,"Getting accommodation to suit 2 adults and 3 children in centre of London is difficult - most hotels quote for 2 rooms which bumps the price up. Family rooms here are perfect - two double beds and a sofa bed. Edgeware Tube across the road. Breakfast time at weekends very busy, good selection,  average quality. Overall, good family hotel - clean, convienient and central.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Evaluated as conference hotel,"Very good conference hotel. Large and very efficient rooms.  Good infrastructure in general. Food on our conference was better than other places for sure. People also liked their hotelrooms. Good bars and a lot of different gins:):) Close to Paddingtoin, Very good if you come from Heathrow.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shocked at all the good reviews!!! This place is a dump.,"When looking online the photos are deceptive. This place needs a facelift. The only nice area is the lobby and the bar. My room is dark and some of the lights dont even work. The TV is also broken and there is very limited charging for electronic devices (no USB charging at all). Carpet is dingy, fixtures are broken....and I am actually in an ""Executive Room"". I would hate to see the standard room.  The fitness center is small and cramped and the equipment is dated. Needs a total makeover. There was no water available in the gym area..that actually was shocking to me. Sadly I am here for one more night.",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful and Welcoming ,"I am staying at Hilton London Metropole Hotel for a conference and felt compelled to leave a review before my four night stay has even ended. My experience checking in to the hotel was so wonderful I had to give compliments right away. Upon arriving to hotel late after a long flight from US the check in lines were very busy with a large group checking in at same time.  The manager on duty quickly understood wait times were a bit long and brought me directly to Guest Relations Manager Fatumata Embalo to expedite my check in. She was so professional, gracious, and made my check in and arrival to the hotel extremely welcoming. Thank you Fatumata for being a great representation of Hilton Hospitality.  ",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Good staff Good food at The Restaurant but not as good at the Bar...","There is nothing to say about the Location because you only have 5 minutes to walk from the station and here you go. The staff is very good , Friendly and Pro. First Night we went for dinner at the main restaurant and we found a very good staff , even if it was quite late, they were still with the smile and very good. Most of them are Italian and they make you fee at home ( well done guys ) ; we ordered Rib Eye Steak ; That was amazing and cooked as we asked... Room in Hilton Hotels is always perfect, no bad surprises... The second evening, we went to the Bar Restaurant coz it was too late to go to the main restaurant again and I can say that it was a big disappointment... Tasteless Prawns, Meat ball was a mix of what was remaining in the kitchen...very very average...",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Should not be a 4 star hotel,"The hotel is really run down and needs to be renovated. There's no way this is a 4 star property.  - The beds are super uneven and uncomfortable, you can feel the mattress springs - Rooms are not sound proof at all, you can hear everything. - Everything looks old.  - Check in took 25 minutes  - No way to adjust AC temperature  I would not stay here again for the price.",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat for the husband,"Good points: Lovely hotel, fabulous staff that are so helpful and great, excellent food, peaceful and quiet in bedroom. Tired decor and carpets upstairs. We stayed in a king room with executive lounge pass",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hilton’s in London ,"We stayed here overnight as we had a spot of business to attend the following day, reception was excellent and check in was easy.  We booked a king executive, the room was lovely and spacious and the bed was very comfortable, bathroom was clean and had enough toiletries to use for us.  We had use of the executive lounge and enjoyed a couple of drinks with a few snacks, although we thought this area to be a bit cramped with too many tables squeezed in it didn’t spoil our experience.  All staff seemed happy and helpful, would definitely stay here again.  ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Return visit,"I have stayed here multiple times, the last being 12 months ago. However I feel the rooms appear smaller each time I visit. The amenities in the room also seem to be vanishing. The bar was empty, the toiletries were minimal and not correctly replaced.  However the rooms were clean, and the hotel is centrally located just 5 minutes walk from paddington station.  Check in and check out were quick and efficient,  Overall pleasant stay in a small room",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No more room service breakfast included,"I have stayed at Hilton Metropole many times over the last few years however I haven’t been for 6 months or so. I discovered on checking out that although breakfast is included in my rate they no longer allow you to have it delivered to your room by just paying the tray charge and instead you need to pay an additional £23. Unfortunately, as I am autistic, eating in the restaurant or Hilton Honours lounge isn’t an option for me so I can no longer eat the breakfast that I have paid for. This is really disappointing as it means that I can no longer stay at this Hotel.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Smelly dirty room,Stayed in room 2314 on a business trip. Window had been left jammed open with the curtain presumably in a vain attempt to air the room and lessen the acrid and disgusting smell that permeated the whole room.  Carpets were filthy and felt sticky. Bathroom old with makeshift shower fitting. Sink full of cut hairs and tap filthy. Unacceptable from Hilton.,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,1st class service but cattle class room,"Have found all staff to be incredible courteous and helpful, particularly check I , breakfast staff, room service, housekeeping and the ‘Magic’ customer service team. Ie anyone I’ve come into contact with!   However, when I entered my top I was appalled at the standard. I expect small rooms in a London conference hotel but the decor looks about 40 years old - in style and state of repair. Air con is noisy to say the least and housekeeping don’t appear to have checked if the remote and all lightbulbs are working (they’re not).It looks like some rooms have been refurbed so guess I was just unlucky but INSIST on a refurbed room on check in! ",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing,"I booked a King executive and it was the worst room I’ve had in 15 years staying at this hotel. Stale smelling on arrival with only 1 available power socket. A freshen up and power extender helped after a complaint was made but the worst creaky uncomfortable bed left me tired and aching in the morning. A tired bathroom and a curtain falling off its rail didn’t help. Really, this is supposed to be a good room, but writing as a Gold member with good experience I was bitterly disappointed and underwhelmed. Even worse, my wife was with me on a combined work and leisure trip. Nothing was available by way of apology or compensation at checkout apart from “sorry” so it may be some time before I visit here again. Staff were generally very good otherwise. ",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,The facilities at the hotel are excellent. The rooms however leave a lot to be desired. This has to be the worst most uncomfortable bed I’ve ever stayed in. I had to ask for a mattress topper.  The room I was in in the tower block was very shabby. The grout in the bathroom was yellow and the door brown (it should be white). The bathroom was tiny. The tower block is in need of refurbishment. You expect so much more from a Hilton,Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average ,"We stayed here as a family of 5. Arriving late on a Friday evening. When checked in we headed out for a meal suggested to us by one of the staff. A great little Italian down the road. In the night we turned on the heating , who knows what system it is but all it seemed to do was dry all our mouths and not heat the room. The room itself was overpriced we thought for the cost £540 for 2 night , but with 2 adults and 3 children options were limited.  In our room we could only seem to find a couple of plugs the main one next to the bed only one side of it worked . So charging 5 phones had to be done in rotation throughout the night , luckily this was possible as I was awake every 2 hours for a drink !!! Also as the room had been booked for 5 we had to call to housekeeping for an…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cosy rooms albeit a bit shabby,"Stayed for business for a couple of nights and it was the first time I’ve stayed in a Hilton for a LONG time. The hotel itself is massive with lots of restaurants and a bar. I had the executive suite and the buffet breakfast included was great - they had a bit of everything.  My room was spacious and had everything I needed. The bathroom was showing it’s age a bit but was still fine. The corridors leading to the rooms are really shabby but that’s not much of an issue.  The hotel is a great place for a conference and the hotel manage it really well which is a massive selling point.  The location is also a plus, you’re near amazing smelling Middle Eastern restaurants and also a short hop from oxford street!",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Maximum heating in room 25 Celsius in 1 degree weather!! Checking out early,"The events of my stay here so far have been horrible. Here is a chronology of what I’ve faced:  - came to my hotel and was checked into a room on fifth floor. It was very old, dirty, and not worthy of the fee.   - raised this with staff and they said “we can put you in a renovated room for an extra 20 pounds a night”. I agreed.  - put my things down, went out for dinner and came back to find the heating in my room has a maximum of 25 Celsius, when it is 2 Celsius outside. Cold air coming out of the vent  - called reception at 530pm, asked them to send someone to open the cylowrap on my bag so I can get some warm Clothes out and also send someone to check the heating   - an hour later, still no one sent. Sitting in my room for an hour literally freezing  - finally someone came…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Clearly bellow of what you expect from a Hilton,"I've been a guest in many Hilton hotels worldwide. It's true I haven't been in recent years so maybe the bar has been doped a bit. I would expect from a hotel in this class to offer some brushes from cloth , a shoe shine kit, some drinks in the minibar, at least, but they were none. A bathrobe and slippers would have been nice, as I was intending to take a swim in the pool, but no.  Actually I don't understand why the minibar was empty, since they reserved my card at check-in, so what's the risk for them? I mean, surely if you can afford this room you may afford some bottle of water? You think?! To their credits I still had tea and coffee in the room, but you have to make it with water from the sink, on thing I never do. The room was clean, though old-ish. The windows were like…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful,"Dirty room , bad bed , poor condition, cold tobacco smell, unpleasant général feeling... this experience was extremely disappointing Inthinkable when you have this Hilton name and fares! About food, much better to eat outside ",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great service,"I had a wonderful service from the nice guys in the bar, especially from Davide! He was so professional and kind, he made the difference! I will come back for sure!  Excellent position, I recommend it!",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Breakfast nightmare ,"So , after 3 visits to the check in desk from the 3rd floor of the west wing which is a hike to inform them I couldn’t get into my room some guy was sent up to replace door batteries, that was ok I can live with that .  Breakfast I struggled with , it was mayhem and only 8:15 on a Sunday , a guy on an adjacent table with two phones proceeded to call everyone he knew and read what I suspect was a death threat with all the noise and animation which I’m sure was wasted on the poor recipient on the other end , he was deafening, I spoke to a staff member and suggested we all leave the restaurant as it was clearly his business area , she stared at me .   I asked the manager to please ask the guy to respect everyone else in the restaurant with his shouting down the phone ,, she did…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just ok,"Stayed at this hotel as we had an event to attend on the Friday night.  Was told on check in we had a recently refurbished deluxe room. The room in no way looked like it had been refurbished, an awful stain as you went in the door from the shower over flowing onto carpet. First morning there was a mix up with breakfast and had to speak to reception, tried to charge us 35 pounds for 2 breakfasts even though it was included for the first morning of our stay . We were here 2 nights, room was not serviced had to call for fresh towels etc. Bar prices were excessive and service was slow. Was not asked on check.out if we enjoyed our stay etc.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK,The room was very dated and the bar prices excessive.  Location OK but we prefer to be more central. We did not bother with breakfast.  Lovely Italian lady checked us in. Very polite and friendly.  We had an event on the Friday and the service was unorganised and slow.,Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Executive Room - Don't bother,"I arrived on 24th January for two evenings. I had already told the staff I had disabilities and was partially sighted.My room was ok.The bathroom was a nightmare, first there was large white chalky stains round the taps, also white marks on the sink surround.There was further white staining on the terracotta tiling, on the floor.The towel rail was over the bath and was scolding hot, I grabbed it as a grab rail and scolded my hands.No warning signs !!!!!! Ridiculously dangerous.I then snagged clothing on two screws , which I assume once had a toilet roll holder there.Again dangerous !!! I attempted to rub the marks with a wipe and they came off.I think removal of the towel rail and screws must be done immediately.A deep clean of the room is needed.I had to wipe the telephone with…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business stay at Hilton Metropole,"Nicely situated(both for rail and Underground access)Hotel is nicely located near Little Venice, which provides good location for walk while staying.Room was basic business standard but heating was very insufficient!Heating(hot air based) was barely able to keep room temperature at acceptable level.As I don’t like sleeping with the a/c on room was VERY cold each morning.Pointed out heating problem to concierge but either problem was unfixable or no action taken?!?",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,TERRIBLE SERVICE//  COLD ROOMS !!!!!!,I never recommend anyone to stay in Hilton Metropole in London.. There is a huge problem about the air condition/heating system at this hotel. You can not adjust the temparature. You are freezing at the hotel rooms ! Windows are extremely dirty as you can not see outside ..  Only location is good.. But not worth to stay there !,Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Hotel,Stayed four nights at this hotel. Hotel is conveniently located near Marble Arch. Underground station (Edgeware) is right around the corner. Walking distance to Oxford Street for shopping. Lots of restaurant around Hotel but all are Middle Eastern.,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton’s usual standard,"This is a massive hotel, around 1000 rooms and hence it is very busy and impersonal. The foyer area is very glitzy but that’s where it stops.  We had an executive room. It had clearly had some renovations but was dated and parts of it hadn’t been renovated. We stayed the weekend before Christmas and the place was extremely busy. Breakfast was awful, served in some HUGE banquet room on floor -1. Food scattered all over this huge venue. The poor staff were so busy trying to get tables cleared for the ques waiting to come in, just horrible. I guess for London this is an ok location and is considered central ‘ish’. Lots of middle eastern restaurants surround the hotel so no shortage of places to eat. I wouldn’t stay here again as too large, impersonal and very average rooms for the…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Heart of the City,"Thinking of Hilton and 4 star hotel, this will be a great hotel. Stayed on the east wing. The wallpapers on the corridor were peeling, dark and not appealing. Funny smell on the corridor as well. The room was basic, toilet flush was leaking and not maintained. You can tell that this problem was never addressed, the leak had a permanent white trail mark on the white tiled wall. Outside of the balcony were tons of cigarette butts that were never cleaned. There were basic 3 or 4 tv channels and some are not in English. Carpet was old. Didn’t expect this from a Hilton Hotel. Very disappointed.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Stopped here for one night and had a comfortable stay. Check in was pleasant and rooms were fresh and ready. Although we booked for 2 adults we learned at breakfast time that somehow our reservation was for only one adult so we had to pay for one of our breakfasts. Not sure how this happened but its worthwhile checking your confirmation email just in case.   We have stayed here before so we know the service and location is brilliant here. The only disappointment we could say we had was to discover the steam room wasnt working. We did choose this hotel for its spa facilities which  makes our stay all the more relaxing.  We would like to extend a big thank you to Deborah on the front desk at check in who welcomed us and upgraded our room to a room in the new west wing.   Just one…,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very nice stay,"This is the hotel I have stayed most of the times I have been to London. The main reason is, that this is the place where a conference that I attend takes place. This is not the only reason though. The hotel it is a very nice one and has been getting better and better through the time. The only problem is that the cost of the room is slightly high. Apart from that everything is fine.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not as usual,"Usually we were in the west wing of the hotel.  In that stay, we were at the east wing.  East wing is very old and need urgently some work in rooms and all around. Needs cleaning work in the rooms.  The roof top of the swimming pool had a lot of water in raining days. Maybe they had some infiltration.  The hair dryer was not working.  No hair caps for the shower.  Staff was amazing.  Breakfast was very good as usual. ",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Small room, narrow lumpy beds","Ok, so it's got the amenities and location, but the polish finishes at the ground floor.  The twin room was minute and although the bathroom was functional it was in serious need of some decoration. Twin beds narrow and rather hard - can't boast the sleep quality of some of the cheaper chain hotels. I'd stay again, but the rooms need upgrading.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very stuffy rooms,Breakfast was good. Good location. Rooms very stuffy. No fresh air as not allowed to open windows. No mini bar. TVs had poor picture quality. Desk and lighting were good. The iron and ironing board worked. Beds too soft and small. I won't be staying again due to lack of fresh air.,Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Restaurant,"I'd really like to thank the management of the breakfast restaurant Corina, Evelina, and Sanos for their help, they are so kind, and I have enjoyed my trip to Hilton London Metropole.  Thank you all dear managers for your help. Wish to see you in my next visit to London",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dated room : uncomfortable bed : poor customer service,Don’t think the name Hilton mislead you  Room standard very poor : uncomfortable creaky bed  Poor food quality breakfast  Customer service is very poor  Phoned with complaint kept on hold 26 mins  Total dissatisfaction: premier inn far superior,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,Stayed at this Hilton for three nights in an executive room. Executive lounge served good range of canapés and drinks for Happy Hour plus continental breakfast. The bonus of this property is the Leisure club with a good size pool and sauna. Only minutes from the two Edgware Road tube stations which will get you to many parts of the City.,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average on the whole- poor for the price,"Whilst the downstairs of the Hilton metropole is gorgeous and very modern, the rooms are outdated and mediocre. The food is very highly priced for what again I would describe as average. Booked a kingsize room only to be given two singles pushed together. No bottles of water, no paper to write on. My stay was not a bad experience, just left feeling slightly underwhelmed, would not highly recommend",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Outdated,I stayed here for one night for a conference on December in a triple room.   The social areas of this hotel are very nice- I particularly like the Addition of a shop downstairs.   However the room was very basic and very outdated- it also stunk of cigarettes. We were out very late at a conference event and came back to discover one of the beds didn’t even have bedding on it.   Location wise I live in London- but the hotel is close to Edgeware Road station.,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I liked this Hilton,"Stopped one night at this hotel enrolee back home. It must be one of the larger London hotel as I found myself on the 15th floor. Beautifully kept, the reception desk staff were wonderful and engaging, the concierge really knew his stuff. He steered us to the pub we were looking for and got us a car service to the airport the next morning. We had a great hour in the hotel bar, where Christian made us great gin cocktails. That alone would be worth going back for! The room was clean, with a refrigerator, and coffee/tea maker. Very sleek modern bathroom.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Fantastic service from all staff throughout. Very friendly and professional. Good room and nice breakfast. 1 minute from tube station. Not much in immediate vicinity but only 10 min walk to Oxford street.  ,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location & good service,"I like the hotel in term of service and quality. It was Christmas and new year time the hotel was full of people. Room clean and warm also the bathroom.  Two underground station close to the hotel. Restaurants, coffee shops , supermarket and pharmacy all in walking distance of 2-5 minutes. They have Swimming pool and gym and nice lobby . The hotel staff amazing very helpful and special thanks to Ms Yusra at the reception she made our stay more enjoyable also Mr. Mohammad from  concierge he was very helpful. My only remarks is the house keeping need little attention. ",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Trip December 2018,"arrived at the hotel, Lobby and lower area looks great  that's where it ends, got to the room, room was filthy, furniture I would not let my dog on the couch the room had chips and debris on the table  the bed was horrible the bathroom had not been renovated since the 1980's  they gave us a new room  I am a Diamond with Hilton, stay at Hiltons every week  I ask for a high floor room, not next to an elevator or ice machine ( as I am a light sleeper)  New room low floor and right at the Service Elevator  the Staff are young and inexperienced and ill equipped to handle any problems  I left for 4 hours and when I came back, this still had no answers  found another hotel and went there  bear in Mind, I had juts completed a trans Atlantic flight and was very tired  my recommendation…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Guest ,As a very regular guest at the Hilton metropole. I would like to say that I always been highly greeted by Mr Tariq. Very lovely person. Always go out of his to help   Very professional   It is always such a pleasure when I see him in the lobby    Thank you Tariq for being always helpful and kind.  I wish you I l’y but the best.   Thank you ,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Deluxe Room - you have got to be joking. And not availble until 4:30PM,"Booked two rooms for family visit for New Year. Did everything by the book - used Hilton Honors to check-in online in advance, arrived early at 11:00 to check in and drop our bags ready for a trip round the capital. When we returned at 3pm we were told that room not ready - waited until 4:40pm offered free drink when ALL I WANTED WAS MY BED. We we opened the door on room 1501 (refurbished room) we were more than disappointed - large brown stain greeting us on the carpet; small room; no drawers to put stuff in; no dressing table with mirror for my wife to her her hair etc; no air con; no extractor in the small bathroom so whole room got flooded with condensation (running down the walls). complained about the extractor - was tiold that someone would fix it but to no avilail.…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location and great service,"Hilton London Metropole on Edgware Road is a great hotel to stay at. The staff are very friendly and it is a safe hotel if you are planning to stay with family. We had a great stay , and considering the fact that we went at the busiest time of the year , the hotel was packed with people , yet it was so relaxing and very spacious. The hotel is central to many tourist sites, whether you take a bus , the metro rail or a taxi. Oxford street is not very far away , even if you walk. I will definitely stay here again !",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,High class hotel in great location ,"Was a little concerned with staying so close to city centre but was so happy we booked this hotel  Centre to most attractions the hotel is ideally located for anyone looking to see the sites of London  Hotel itself was perfect, good prices good food and drink  Bedrooms clean and tidy   Only gripe was that the air con was poor so rooms were cold and we couldn’t heat the room during a cold winter night   ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Holiday....,Hotel rooms needs updating...housekeeping needs to Be taught the Hilton standard of a clean room.  Beds were good and made daily but nothing else in the room was done...dirty dishes left...no clean ones added...broken bathroom doorhandle...,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Harry Potter visit,"Arrived to a very friendly front desk, shown to our amazing room on the 13th floor to a really nice surprise. A spacious and modern room which is perfect for this trip. Short cab ride to central London and close tubes lines",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hot rooms, poor service","Room was like a sauna and the AC didn’t work at all,  the check in process was awful not enough staff available leading to long queues. Was refused use of luggage  trolleys and told they were for the use of guests!Would not be back and would recommend Marriott to everyone.",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton room I ever had,"I have recently found the need to publish reviews on hotel rooms I have rated in after a recent trip and although this trip was in the past, I feel it is quite recent and should be spoken about here.  I stayed at the hotel from 25/12/2017 - 01/01/2018. The room was nothing as shown in the pictures when I had made the booking, it was very old and antique like. When I requested a more modern room, they told me they were fully booked and no other rooms were available, despite my claim that the room was not the same as shown in the picture.  I will think twice before I book this hotel again as the room was not pleasant to stay in at all. All this despite me being a Hilton honors member.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Corporate Facilities,"Booked for business meeting with over night stay.  Business facilities were very good with rooms large, airy with high end fully functional equipment.  The team on hand were highly attentive and available throughout for any needs. Will definitely use this hotel in future for corporate use.  Food and snacks through the day were good with positive feedback from delegates.  Check in and out was a functional experience with little hospitality shown.  Room was rather small but served its purpose. Bed was a tiny double where your feet hang off the end. Bed mattress wasn’t the bed either and pillows were simply awful.  Had a terrible sleep due to a yapping dog in the room next door with rather loud owners who felt the need to laugh and party till the early hours!!! Not the hotels fault…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A City within a City,"Here for 5 nights on business. The place is huge, so many guests, que for check in, que for lifts, que for breakfasts, yes the staff were friendly and yes we did have some issues and most were dealt with. One night the room was not serviced till nearly 7pm. The room was clean but the public areas in the corridor and around the lifts were dirty, appeared as though the carpets were not vacuumed during the week. Not dealt with - bedside telephone did not work, ice machine on 6th floor did not work. Last night, children playing football in the corridor! this is not a 5 star. Handy for Paddington station but thats about it.",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Some Pros and Some Cons,First let me share that we generally stay at a Hilton brand property 85% of the time that we travel. This hotel had the service and quality that we have come to expect from Hilton. It was clean and well-kept. The staff was courteous and friendly. We had a Queen Deluxe room which was adequate for our family of 4 (two adults and two teens). The Pros: it was very close to the underground - the Edgware Station and the Bakerloo line. This was quite convenient. They served a large breakfast buffet which was included with our room and our room rate was not exorbitant. They helped us book a car for our return trip to Heathrow as well. The Cons: it was very busy and crowded (we travelled the week between Xmas and New Years) and we often had a lengthy wait for an elevator. One day we…,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location in London,"The hotel is located in close proximity to the Bakerloo tube station and is a quick walk from Paddington Station, which is helpful if taking the Heathrow Express train.  There is not much of the sights around the hotel, but being that close to the train and tube stations made it a quick ride.  The room that we had was for five (two adults and three kids), so was two queen beds and a pull out couch.  The size of the room was about right.  Didn't spend much time in there other than sleeping though.   The area surrounding the hotel has a number of restaurants of different sorts.  Lebanese seemed to be the most prevalent, but typical British pubs, Korean, Chinese, etc. were up and down the street.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No idea what the bad reviews were about! ,"This hotel completely exceeded my expectations! For a start, it was huge (really had everything in there) the staff were all so friendly and nothing was too much trouble at all. It was all very modern and super clean. We stayed on floor 19 in a deluxe king room, the bed was very comfortable, we had a tv, hairdryer and the usual toiletries, shower was lovely too. Parking was really easy, large car park so you wouldn’t struggle to find a space. Breakfast was lovely, lots of choice there. We were a two minute walk away from Edgware Road station. Do not let bad reviews of this hotel put you off, We really could not fault this hotel at all, I will definitely be returning on my next stay in London. ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs Work...,"Had stayed here many times before for work so knew the location well. First impressions I was very impressed as the lobby has totally been remodelled since my last visit, but once I got the room it was clear all the money was spent on the lobby. I checked in on the Hilton App and was told upgraded to a Queen Deluxe, which when I got to was very small and underwhelming. I went back to the front desk and asked if they had any King rooms as that is what I had booked. The young lady who checked us in was extremely helpful and friendly and gave us a King Executive Room in the East Tower. The room was bigger but have to say it is time for a refresh. Bed was hard, most of the TV channels were not working and the air conditioning did not work, making the room very warm and…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,City break,"We stayed here as we wanted to visit a few places in London with our young children aged between 5-12 and it was a perfect hotel for what we wanted.  Close to winter wonderland which we walked to and from, a 15 minute bus ride to Kensington and opposite a underground station.   Outside the hotel is an array of restaurants and shops.  Hotel service was impeccable and rooms were spacious and clean. Parking was £35 a day.  Breakfast was great as it served a variety of halal food which met our dietary needs.   ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a good representation of Hilton! ,"The reception is like a tube station.  The staff are nothing special.  The Rooms (executive) are tatty and dirty.  The guest relation girl was nice tho!   I as a Hilton member was not made feel welcome, as for the executive lounge, it’s worse than the public area!  ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel,"We stayed for the weekend as a family of four ( two young children) in the beginning of December, the hotel and room was absolutely beautiful, brilliant views and exceptionally clean. We ordered food using room service and it came quickly, was hot and absolutely amazing. Would recommend to anyone ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,An ok Hilton brand hotel,The hotel is an extremely old property which needs renovation for sure . The rooms amenities need a change and make over .  Fridge not working and inspite of complain no one bothered to repair it .  Location wise yes it’s amazing .  Concierge is one of the best very friendly .  Breakfast very very average and nothing to boast about .  But rooms need renovation for sure ,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My Hilton Metropole Stay,"I have stayed in many hotels across London, but this hotel had the best options in terms of room selections and buffet breakfast. It is located close by to Edgware Road Station which made transportation easy. The rooms were very clean and the hotel also included a very luxurious lobby! I’d stay in this hotel again whenever I visit London and I’d like to recommend this hotel to others. ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big Lier HOTEL HILTON METROpOLE,"We paid for executive room. When check in the receptionist never say anything. After we went inside the room we found out that room old n smelly n small so we suspect may be the room type  wrong given. So we go down again to the reception again to reconfirm n the receptionist still insist what we had the room no is consider executive room. So we choice n we back to our room again. After that we check the hotel web site , we call to concierge counter and ask only we found out we only got a normal standard room COs executive room all located at East wing not tower wing. Then we very angry n go to reception again to argue. Finally the staff admit our room was actually a normal room COs all the room very full so she. I choice she just follow instruction from his hotel. Of course we…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent event hotel,"The USP of this hotel is it's conference facilities: it is a large hotel, lots of people, but impersonal. On the other hand, the room was large and well equipped and it is centrally located. All in all average.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really think about staying,"OK the good news is it's a great location a short walk to Paddington and Even shorter to the Tube Station. Lots of vibrant eateries around. Now the bad it's just to big and they cannot manage it. Especially at weekends be prepared for 40 minutes queues for check in, elevators and longer for breakfast. Lots of things broken and avoid the west tower at all costs elevators out of service both weekends I was there. Housekeeping is a lottery if you ask a question you are met with speak no English. If your room is serviced something is always missed. Coffee refills one day in three. If you use a glass or cup they clean it 30 percent of the time. I has a studio as I was staying a long time which was spacious although the decor was a 1970s throwback. The extractor was broken in the…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A beehive,"This hotel has the charme of the main concourse of Victoria station. Masses of people coming and going, checking in and cheking out. Not a minute of rest at all. Long waiting times for breakfast, even in the Hilton Club Lounge. Old and uncomfortable rooms need urgent refurbishment. One good point: The service staff was extraordinarily friendly, helpful and efficient. Unfortunately that alone cannot convince me to come back. There are far more better hotels in London, some of them are Hiltons.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,So much wrong with this stay ,"Requested high floor. Was given room on 6th floor which was too noisy with road traffic. We were moved to new room on 12th floor and upon entering there was greeted with the disgusting sight of used chewing gum on the desk beside the phone, a used towel on the bed and two packets of biscuits that had been eaten and packets left on the side. Called down to reception to advise them of this and then got moved to the final room which was acceptable. Not acceptable that it took an hour and a half to check in with 2 young kids and they were up past their bedtimes.  Hotel corridors are in a terrible state and look like dogs have been chewing and scraping doors and woodwork. Interior of room wasn’t much better. Stayed at a premier inn the following night and that was infinitely better…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Highly Recommend...,"I started off trip with a few hiccups  but this was redeemed. I have to say the management were immediately responsive and supported us to have a lovely family stay. The staff have highest level of professionalism and customer service. The hotel is clean and grand with a relaxing executive lounge...breakfast has good choice and the pool/sauna facilities are great...would recommend having a late evening woman only gym, sauna and pool due to high level of diversity from Arab/muslim land that comes there...some areas could be refurbished....i absolutely love this hotel in a great location...a real massive shout out to the hospitable and amazing staff: an indian manager called Mamoud...security called Bru and especially the most hospitable guest relations I have ever met: Mohamadou…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We stayed in their family room for just under a week with 2 adults and 3 children. It was very comfortable, with lots of space for everyone. We will definitely be staying there again when we are back.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big old tired Hotel that's lost its way.,"We’ve stayed at this hotel every year, every December for the last 6 years. We are a family of 6, who struggle to get interconnecting rooms elsewhere, so always come to the Hilton Metropole when we come to London. Without fail, every time we come we are told at reception that we don’t have interconnecting rooms, despite what we booked over the phone – they say that they are never guaranteed, and so I have to shout and scream at reception and eventually get the interconnecting rooms that we booked. This year it seemed too good to be true – we were given interconnecting rooms straight away, but when we got up to the 11th floor, there was no door between the two rooms. So it was back down to reception, bit of moaning etc, until we eventually got some interconnecting rooms. I cannot…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Decent location, more of a business hotel",We picked this location for convenience but wished we had picked Paddington station instead. It is close to the Edgware Road Tube station but Paddington would have given us a lot more tube options. Hotel was clean and comfortable but was more attuned to business clients and meetings. Annoyed that the ice machine on our floor never worked nor the one on the floor below. We had to use the one on the floor above. Expensive for what we needed.,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One Night Stay,"Generally a Poor Service. Reception lack Staff and General knowledge of its own Hotel and surrounding area.  Elevators require an update, very slow on landing service. Seem to stop at every level, regardless and waiting times averaged 10 minutes.  Very Poor Restaurant and main restaurant on top floor closed (service and quality). Believe it or not people eating takeaways in Bar area, delivered by Deliveroo, on arrival I did wonder why !!  Rooms require updating, majority not been refurbed. On arrival just kept hearing people complaining.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Problems with lifts in West Tower,"We stayed at the Hilton, Edgware Road for the weekend (7th - 9th Dec); our fifteenth visit to the hotel (always on coach trips).  In the past we have been very disappointed with some of the rooms so we paid a substantial fee for an upgrade.  Our room was in the Tower Wing (No. 869).  It was a large room, with all of the usual facilities  and a better view than some we have had but it was looking out over the major by-pass.  There was no problem with sound.  Unfortunately there were a lot of problems with the lifts; two of four were out of order so large numbers of guests were trying and failing to get into the lifts, especially at breakfast time.  We ended up using the stairs (when we managed to find them) but not everyone could do that from the eight floor. The hotel is very…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Avoid, not worth a Hilton","Avoid, This is a very very big hotel. unfortunately no team behinf to back up the amount of rooms. the hotel wasnt full. however we had to queue 30 min to access breakfast, diner was a waiting of 45 minute before getiing our food served. let alone the time to get drinks. we had two young kids, and by the time we had our diner we had to take it back to the room as the kids were very tired.  next morning another 30 minute wait to access breakfast.  our room havent been cleaned, sheets werent changed and we had to call the reception at 11pm to get a new set of sheets whihc we waited for about 1 hour. by the time they dropped them.kids were asleep. we had to make the beds ourselves...  hotel is old, expensive and def not worth a Hilton. better place in london for half price. great…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, poor hotel ","I’ve never stayed in this particular Hilton hotel, and it’s unlikely that I’ll stay there again. Firstly, the hotel is in a great location and check-in was friendly. However, the positives end there. I was in the Tower wing for which a polite description is “tired”. The room was tiny, the TV wasn’t working at all and after dialling the “Magic” button for service (magic - really?!) and being in a queue for the self-described magical service for a long time before speaking to a member of staff, there was still no one attempting to fix my TV after 90 minutes before I went out for the evening. I’d tried calling for magic again a couple of times more but simply sat in a queue and  gave up (the interminable American platitudes don’t make the holding process very tolerable, maybe by…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London visit,"Check in was smooth. Room was excellent. Service was good at the down stairs bar, but the bar on the 23 floor was closing down . Hope there is going to be something else there as the view across London are fantastic. Enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location but I wouldn't choose to stay here again,"I needed to stay somewhere for one night as part of a business trip where I could get easy access to central london (without having to haul luggage across the whole city) and Heathrow the following day - in that respect this hotel was just what I needed. And I will also say that the staff at checkin were very friendly. My room (a twin in the tower) was tiny, not enough room at the end of the beds to move a case around, and a tiny gap you had to squeeze through between the second bed and the tv unit if you wanted to get to the desk & larger patch of open floor beyond. Had I been sharing the room we'd have been getting in each others way the whole time. Bathroom particularly tired with peeled paint on the woodwork.  Breakfast was just about OK, but rather uninspiring, and the…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Way better than expected!,"I have read many trip advisor reviews before staying here late November 2018, all claiming run down rooms. I cannot confirm any of them. I stayed in an Executive Club room, calm, spacious and not run down at all. Great staff at the lounge, nice cocktail bites and breakfast. I would not have minded a later check out time, but they were fully booked  that Saturday I checked out and the luggage room storage and concierge service was absolutely OK. Given the unparalleled location, right at Edgeware Road Underground, and just 10 minutes walk to the Heathrow Express at Paddington, I will definitely come back.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor by Hilton standards,"This is a huge hotel so perhaps why it seems to lack the attention to detail normally found in Hilton hotels. Our room was on a high floor and was clearly old, tatty furnishings and worn. The television had only 3 channels and they were not very clear. We complained and the hotel said would send up maintenance. After a long wait I decided to go all the way to reception. My wife text to say man had been as I queued at reception and the televisions are all the same on that floor as it has not been refurbished. He said lots of people complain. No point in sending him!. So I requested a move as was not spending 3 nights at that price in that room. Initial stern resistance finally broke and we were relocated to a lower floor which had been refurbished. The remaining stay was okay but…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room for Improvement ,On a recent conference stay at the Metropole the room was clean and reasonably sized the decor was tired but the state of the bathroom was something else. The pictures show poor state of repair. Missing parts on the shower unit. Poorly fitted fixtures and peeling paintwork. Not something you would expect in a hotel claiming a four star rating. ,Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Small room butt well equipped.,Great gentle welcome at the front desk. The room in the Tower was small but well equipped. Bathroom a little bit outdated but everything worked perfectly. Great shower with a lot of very hot water.  Coffee and tea making facilities including cookies. Stayed three nights with two breakfasts outdoor and the last morning in the hotel. Breakfast is worth the price compared with breakfast in a pub. We had breakfast late ( 9.45) in a quiet environment and plenty of choice of dishes. Small dish in the Rack house bar very convenient. Good location near Paddington Station and metro. Hyde Park on walking distance.,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family room,"This is the second time we have stayed here. The best thing about the hotel is the staff. They are so helpful, from check in through to breakfast. Our soda bed was not made up but the staff rectified it straight away and brought extra towels etc. The breakfast was good. Lots of choice (we counted about 5 different types of sausage alone). My only criticism is that the rooms are a bit tired and the hotel is a bit noisy (because it's so huge). I would definitely recommend though especially if you want a family room. ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This is ok for business and location,I was maybe lucky but I was in the West Wing renovated part and room was very nice  Its a huge hotel with great location.   Check in staff and bar staff were excellent.  Business lounge is in the older East Wing and the lounge is ok but breakfast doesn't offer many warm alternatives,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay away!!!!,"There are some hotels where you could say - “they are old and ready for renovation” - but some reach a point where they just need to be rebuilt. This Hilton is firmly in the second category. But for its convenient location (next to Edgware tube stop and 10 min walk from Paddington station) I don’t see any reason why anyone would stay here. Now the specifics: the staff at checkin was very polite and even offered to upgrade. I now shudder to think what room I might have had since the upgraded room was so old - disgusting carpet, main door that is falling apart, old tiny bathroom with flooring from the 80’s (could easily be linoleum), ironing table with cover that was likely purchased a decade ago, a bed with a built-in end table with no power outlets nearby, a flake-board…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Messing Stars for breakfast- kaotic and elevators not working,"Spend The weekend at Hilton Nice staff in reception - No doubt  #We Were on 8 th floor in West wing, elevators in service most of The weekend - used at least 15 minutes pr up and Down trip each time. When elevator arrived to crowded.   #Breakfast Was good But to many people in Line and buffet Should make time slots fx 7-8 8-9 9-10 10-11 When We arrived at restaurant 830 seemed like All hotel guess Was there to   #Need sanitizer before going to buffet - couldn’t See it anywhere - to long wait for coffee and service in restaurant   All though Nice hotel - would rate higher if those tree things Was perfect",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My recent stay in HiltoN London Metropole,"I stayed in the hotel for 8 nights starting 1st Dec until 9th Dec. As usual I had booked for a deluxe room and it was spacious with walk in shower. I reached the hotel quite early and they gave me early check in, which was good since I was tired with more than 8 hrs travel. On few occasions I had dinner in the restauarnt and found it to be good. Overall it was good stay.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Most assuredly not the standard of a four star hotel as promised.,"A hotel far from what is advertised or expected of.   On arrival, the lobby is beautiful and the staff are brilliant. On checking-in we were told we had been upgraded to a executive suite, to our obvious delight.  Now, whatever we had booked most assuredly could not be worse than this. The room was tiny, a box, barely fitting the two single beds. However, we laughed it off, it's London after all. But, what was not laughed off was the smell of damp that was obvious on entering the room, strong enough it couldn't be masked by whatever housekeeping had sprayed.   The bathroom was as basic as it could possibly be. The bath frame peeling and a lack of an extraction fan needed on using the shower. Again, not the standard of a four star hotel.  However, It was the second night of our…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor hotel,"This hotel was a disappointment. No internet, no mini bar, staf not friendly, bathroom old and with just one small shampo and small body wash while we were 4 people. Some of Elevators in west side are out of function and we at 13th level had to wait 15 min to get it with many other people. You have to wait the line to get in the breakfast room and also to get juice. Tables not clean. ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,'Do it right'…then you won't need to 'make it right',"I’ve stayed at the Metropole a few times over many years but this time has now been my last as a result of my experience.  After reading the previous reviews about the refurb, I opted to pay the extra for a King Superior in the West Wing. Things didn’t get off to a great start when I had to join a queue of 15 people before me waiting to check-in (the last thing you need as a tired traveller rocking up to a hotel). However check-in itself was eventually smooth & upon walking through the lobby/atrium, its clear to see where the money has been spent. The bar/shopping area gleam with opulence & create a very grand first impression.  But then things went downhill from there. There are 4 lifts to service the west wing bedrooms. For at least 24 hrs of my stay, 2 were out of action.…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,We Love this Hotel,"We love this hotel and always book to stay there when visiting London. It is Fab, the rooms are lovely, the ambience in guest areas is vibrant and welcoming. The food is faultless and the service from the staff is always excellent. It 's location gives visitors easy access to central London.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Standards Slipping,"It is always interesting to see how hotels, you've used and loved, have developed.  In this case it's sad to see such a wonderful hotel fall short of its potential.  Having stayed with young family before, they were mad keen to stay here again. The staff remain a joy and incredibly helpful.  The first thing of note is that while the rooms remain aesthetically pleasing, the detail shows they are tired.  Little thing like, we booked for 4 people and got 2 bath towels, the plumbing grinds every couple of hours for no apparent reason and would keep you awake unless you securely close the bathroom door, the toilet paper is a little rough and ready, squeaky bed frames, shower head that falls back towards the ground so you can't get properly showered.  You should also watch out for the…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great service - average facility.,Biggest disappointment from a fitness junkie was the small and poorly-equipped workout facility. Great indoor pool if you do laps.Bed was hard.Staff was friendly and helpful and breakfast buffet was wonderful. ,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay Away - Horrible Horrible Rooms and Service,"When I come to London and even recently for pleasure, I always choose this hotel as my go to property of choice. Yes, I am a Diamond Member, so I have seen my fair share of Hilton properties and this one has just become a lost cause.   Today. broke the 'camels back'. This is my third visit to the property this year alone and the room they supposedly upgraded me is for a 1-star hotel. Mind you, the upgrade was to an executive king room.   The window kept blowing open, which engineering eventually locked. There are NO floor lamps in the room and engineering said there were no extra ones in the hotel, so all I had is my desk lamp and one lamp over the bed. The bathroom sink has grout and who knows what else around it. I immediately called to have my room changed and they kept…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Superb stay,Stayed here for one night having previously stayed approx 8 years ago. I had emailed ahead asking if there was any chance of an early check in and was delighted when we arrived at 0945 to be allocated our room. Breakfast was busy but a good selection of food. I should also mention the gentleman who checked us in as he was one of the most friendly receptionists we’ve encountered. Thank you ,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Spent more time queuing for the lift than all the london attractions,"Please add 30 minutes to your travel plans for each lift journey you need to make if you’re on the upper floors.  There must be a tummy bug doing the rounds because the foyer toilets needed a biohazard team in there.   I think they were filming a porno in the adjoining family room we had judging by the noises and number of people in there, not the hotel’s fault I guess, but maybe they could check the age of the guests in a family room before placing them next door to people with kids.   As a positive, they were pretty quick to stock up our room with essentials they’d failed to get right first time, such as towels.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mother & Daughter Overnight Stay in London ,"One of our unison reps decided to do an overnight stay for 90 of us.   We all arrived via coach and stored our luggage in the hotel lobby and were all given a ticket.  However, we we came back to check in and went to our room to find out that we had 2 suitcases which weren't ours.  This was quickly arranged. The room was clean and tidy.  Breakfast was an all you can eat buffet.  I have never had to queue before to get seated for breakfast and this was a first.  Both myself and my mother enjoyed our breakfast but was a bit chaotic.  ",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the prise,We booked a room in the west wing on 11floor. The room is okey but the beds are terrible. If you want to settle down after a long day in London you won’t be satisfied with this hotel. But the hotel is near everything you want to see as an tourist so that’s a good thing.,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a 4 star hotel,"I attended this hotel for a work conference. The conference facilities are good but I was really disappointed with the bedrooms (tower wing) which were very tired and in need of tlc. Couple that with a really uninspiring breakfast. Hilton you’ve got some great hotels, but this is not currently one of them.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mattress been through a steamroller. ,The hotel is nice enough. But the room I had was tired and had seen better days.   The air con even on full heat just blew cold air in December that’s not nice.   Bathroom was looking worn with broken tiles and water damaged timber.   Mattress was like sleeping on a hill obviously the springs were damaged.   TV had next to no reception which was just indicative of the overall experience of this room.   For the money I would expect housekeeping to report these issues immediately.   Very disappointed with Hilton on this occasion. ,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Outstanding for value, location and accommodation","Such a great experience.  Took Heathrow express train from airport to Paddington, and this hotel is a two block walk from the station.  Ideal location - walkable to Regents Park, Hyde Park.  Lots to see in surrounding neighborhoods, and a fantastic, ecclectic set of restaurants and shops nearby.  Hotel was clean, well appointed, with attentive staff, and a good value for the money.  Have stayed here multiple times and would likely return.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"A terrible and frustrated stay, even as a loyal & repeated customer / traveller","I stayed in Hotel London Metropole in Sept 2018 and it takes me 3 months to write this review, since i was still very furious, frustrated and unbelievably sad to have re-visited this hotel, after 7 years (no improvement shown but even more worse since my last stay back in Apr 2011).  The front desk of Hhonor counter (during check in) is not that friendly, especially i am a loyal & repeated customer of the hotel chain group but acceptable & fair.  The front desk of non-Hhonor counter (only such operated during night time) is terrible, impolite, hugely insulting and pathetic.    When i expressed my frustration on what i have encountered during my 4 nights' stay in this hotel (during check out), they only heard and replied me that they will check.   NO APOLOGY, NO EXPLANATION, and…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location terrible rooms,"Visited this hotel for one night for buisness. The entrance and reception areas, lounge bar etc are very impressive and clearly have been updated however the rooms are in bad need of an update, re dec and refurbishment. Check in was very busy and was a large queue of people we waited around 10 minutes to check in. Receptionist said that they email the wifi code however this never came. We had a twin room which was on the small side compared to other twin rooms i have stayed in and had a view of a brick wall. The windows were locked shut so couldnt get any fresh air into room however there was a temperature control so managed to get the room to a comfortable temperature. The bathroom was awful discoloured tiles, bath panel broken, bath taps and sink taps dirty and tarnished and…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable night stay,"Spent one night here. The hotel is in an excellent position just opposite Edgmore Tube station so travelling around London is relatively easy. We also walked to Oxford Street from the hotel as this was just under a mile away.  The hotel is very large and extremely busy but we were still given an early check in to the room which was an Exectutive Room on the eighth floor. As stated in previous reviews, the entrance hall is very impressive with a variety of shops, eating and drinking areas etc.   The room was comfortable, quiet and an ambient temperature, with ample room for working and two comfortable chairs. The only downside of the room was that it appeared rather dated and well used and that the paintwork was badly chipped and the carpet was rather stained in places. The…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible room with a dreadful bed!,"The rooms are too old and really poorly maintained.  Stayed four miserable nights. The bed squeaks with every turn, the windows are whistling throughout the night due to the poor sealing. Bathrooms are about a century old with no hot water on one of the days! Complained to the manager and they switched us to a relatively newer room in a different tower.. This time is was a queen bed instead of a king bed however it was the same atrocious bed couldn't sleep at all. Hotel seems to be falling apart. Hazardous at times. Definitely not Hilton standard. DO NOT STAY THERE.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Yawn,"Friendly, accommodating staff. Nice restaurant, although understaffed. The waitress looked stressed and harried, if you could find her. Never got refills on our drinks.   The rooms: first room was on the same room as the spa and getting off the elevator you could feel the heat and humidity. We were there in December, but the room was stuffy and the air-conditioning spit out hot air. We were moved to another room where the air was cooler, but really couldn't get the room to a comfortably cool temperature, which affected our sleep. I don't think the manual thermostat really did anything. The bed was hard, and uncomfortable (no boxsprings). There was sparse and boring decor and cracking paint. The location was close to a tube stop, but really not close to much otherwise so you…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the best,Having stayed at many Hilton Hotels I was a bit disappointed by this one. Very impersonal. Badly designed rooms. For ladies applying makeup or men shaving there is no closeup mirror you have to lean over the oversized sink with very little shelf space. As for blow drying or straightening hair the plug is by a floor length mirror next to the door with no light or you could risk using the bathroom mirror but that would mean putting dryer or straightener in the sink!!! As it is you have to put them on the floor by the door.   The bathroom door is a slide door that bangs. I could hear everytime the people above and next door closed their bathroom door.   Breakfast was very busy and they did a good job dealing with so many people.   Having stayed at Hilton Southwalk several times…,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible room,"We booked a triple room at this hotel for 1 night only thankfully. There were some good points, which I will list below, however, these were unfortunately overshadowed by the poor quality of the room. First of all, the good: Lovely staff at both check in and check out We were able to check in early which was really useful as we could then head off to enjoy our limited time away. The entrance area to the hotel and ground floor is very nice and is obviously were they have spent all the money. The towels in the bathroom were lovely - large and soft.  Now for the bad: The room was dated and in need of a good clean The carpet was so dirty We had to clean the shower before using this as there were hairs on the tiles The bath panel was hanging off and rotting. The was mould in the…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Hotel,The staff was very helpful and nice. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the room was so small you couldn't even move. The location was also a bit out of the way but those two things should not stop you from staying here. They have a great bar and restaurant.,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst night sleep ever!,"We stayed here for one night eith our 2 children after spending the day at Winter Wonderland, and i would not return. I had the most awful nights sleep ever, the mattress was god awful and it was so creeky every time we turned over it woke pur children up in the other bed. I could hear every single conversation of couple who walked past so that it woke me up in my sleep thinking people where un our room! Multiple lifts but only 1 seemed to actually work so it took 20 minutes to get down to the lobby to check out. My son locked his teddy in the safe so after breakfast we webt to customer relations she said someone would come up...we waited for 45 mins and no one came. We had to go back down again to finally get someone to come out to help. Worst hilton i have stayed in.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton standards ,"We booked this hotel to celebrate my 62 nd birthday. We are Hilton diamonds thus we know Hilton standards. This hotel is a Hilton in name only We flew in from Boston and arrived at the hotel around 10 am. We didn’t really expect them to have a room ready for us, thus when the young lady advised she would let us know when our room was ready, it was not a surprise.  We went to the executive lounge and waited. Four hours later we still were waiting.  I know this is a large hotel, but it seems there was a complete lack of customer service.  I refuse to believe it took them four hours to find the room we got.  Speaking of which, this room would be equivalent to a one star hotel in the states. The fixtures are dark and dated, the bathroom was poor. In fact the toilet seat did not even…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"Had a wonderful 2 night stay and would definitely recommend. I had a room right near the lounge which was very convenient. The bath tub in my room was very luxurious.   Two minor suggestions 1. The gym needs a major overhaul - the water fountain alone is a disaster. All the machines are packed in tight and it also feels like the treadmills are on an incline and not level.  2. Espresso/coffee machine in the lounge had people stumbling over it right left and sideways, they may want to invest in an easier to use machine... even though there were pictures on the machine that made it very clear to use it, many guests seemed quite befuddled.... people are amazing aren't they?  Two staff members were excellent to me during my stay. One was a front desk clerk from Copenhagen, I can't…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay great hotel ,"I’m usually quite fussy when it comes to staying at hotels. What could I say I Couldn’t fault this hotel at all. It was the first time that I stayed here with my partner we was on floor 19 of tower wing, which had just been renovated was perfect. Check in was easy hotel staff were very helpful and a it was a pleasant stay.  Walking distance to Hyde park Oxford street and Marble Arch. Would recommend and will be staying here once I come back to London. ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, not excellent.","I stayed two nights at the Hilton Metropole in a London, and I liked it. The location is quite convenient, but not right in the center of the tourist attractions in London ( 15-20 minutes walk to Marble Arch and Hyde Park) , but with excellent connections via subway and buses ( just four stops from St Pancras, Eurostar Station). The hotel is very big, with hundreds of guests. When we arrived we were very warmly greeted at the reception and were offered an upgrade. Thank you very much! The upgraded room was quite nice with beautiful London views. Not big (average London surface) but confortable. The room looked as it had been renewed recently. Safety deposit box in the room, iron, hair dryer, different bath amenities. TV with no international channels ( typically British 😰).…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Does not represent the pictures,"I am quite disappointed at how the hotel has marketed its rooms. I am on a business trip and my company has reserved a room based on the information offered on the website -which celebrates a wide offering of clean and comfortable rooms for all kinds of needs. Nowhere is seen the actual truth which is that for such a trip like mine (I need a single room for two nights), the room offered is a cigarette smelling, stuffy room with stained carpeting, old window frames, not a very nice nor neat bathroom and a very loud air conditioner.   I asked for a room change and I was kindly offered a new one without hesitation which made me very thankful and hopeful about the state of the new room. However, even though I have to say that the new room has less cigarette odor in it (loads of air…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,New Entry into my Top 5 Worse Hotel in the World,"Just checked in, and entered my room.. the smell in coridor should have warned me what to expect.. my room is tiny.. basically fits a double bed... the room is well over due for decoration, think my first student flat was better than this... i have two tv stations.. an air conditioninh unit that sounds like its running on diesal... this is not what you'd expect from a Hilton Hotel.. save your money and book yourself into a budget hotel.. beleive me, you'll get no more coming here. the price is eye watering for what i've got... i've three nights here... and already can't wait to leave.. and i've been in the room for 5 minutes",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Old & stale, inconsistent rooms, needs upkeep","This hotel shows its age. Rooms are very inconsistent. Just came back from a 3-night stay. We were first in a room in the Tower. Very cramped, carpet was quite worn and dirty, drain in tub was slow, ceilings are low, paint was peeling, heat didn't work well. As I am a Diamond member, I was upgraded after 1 night to a room in the West Wing. This room was MUCH nicer - very spacious and a bit more updated. But even this was certainly not a room that would wow me - just much more to standard. In both rooms there were details you would expect in an old and not updated hotel. For example, in neither room were there electrical outlets within reach of the bed or nightstand. I had to plug my phone in to an outlet on the opposite wall and could not reach my phone from the bed while it was…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Standard Hilton Offerring,"Usual Hilton offering, though on  steroids due to the size of the hotel; split into East Wing, West Wing and the Tower.  Bar downstairs is great atmosphere; can get busy with both drinkers and people mingling about from reception Reception can get very busy when checking in - despite having diamond Hilton tier status, took me nearly 20mins to pick up my key after online check in. Due to the size of the hotel, the demographic is predominantly tourists, coach tours of people heading to see a show and corporate events. Exec lounge is one of the best that Hilton group have;  full complement of drinks, including spirits (unlike Glasgow Hilton, which stopped serving spirits as the locals kept consuming all of them) and a great selection of food in the evenings.  ",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Old, busy and a mistake","Lets start with the positives. There were a few nice members of staff of whom i felt sorry for because i would imagine they spend most of their day dealing with complaints about the state of the hotel. Also location is great for central London and Tube station is 1 minute walk.   This is the second Hilton hotel i have stayed in and it had taken me three years to give the chain another chance! Let just say at least they have consistency on their side.   Arrive at hotel to a massive check in queue and only two members of staff checking quests in. The public spaces were all rammed with people sitting everywhere.   Finally checked in and after a long wait at the lifts, arrive at our room. Walk in the door to the stench of cigarette smoke. So back down to reception.   Lucky met by a…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A bit old hotel but nice experience,"Good size room, comfortable beds. Nice breakfast buffet. Helpfull and kind staff. On the down side, the was no power outlet next to the bed which was a bit weird, not much to watch on TV (some channels just didn't work). But all in all had a nice stay. ",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not top notch but generally good ,My room was clean but shower cubicle showed that some updating is needed. Stayed for a company event which meant our very large group really tested the hotel corporate hospitality but would be disappointed if I was an independent traveller as we packed the place out. The hotel was visible from the exit of the tube station so not hard to find. Bag drop and cloakroom very efficient but room key wasn’t ready at agreed time and luggage reached room after I did. Didn’t pay myself so unable to comment on value for money. Would revisit. ,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average,"I stayed at the Hilton Metropole earlier this week. While hotel is pretty centrally located with 15 minutes walk to Marble Arch & Oxford Street it is difficult to take cabs back to the hotel due to ones ways. Hotel has two wings, West & East Wings. West wing did not have very good view. I found it very strange to note that the in room safe was kept at the highest point in the wardrobe. It’s virtually impossible to see if you’ve left something back in the safe. Unless ur 6+ feet you’ll need to jump to take a peak inside the safe. With extremely low temps in London at the moment warm water during mornings was an issue. I had to keep my baths for the evenings... Again strange. What I liked about the hotel was the lobby bar & whiskey lounge which serves excellent malts. ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful hotel but staff make up for it.,"I used to stay here many years ago and it was a nice hotel. Oh my goodness, how things have changed. I chose my room online and when I arrived and checked in at the front desk I was handed a key for a different room, many floors lower, with no mention of the change or explanation.  I went upto my room and entered the room to find it uncleaned with towels strewn all over the floor. I went to the Exec Lounge to change rooms and had to wait about 20 mins whilst other customers were dealt with. I was finally helped by a very helpful and absolutely superb person working in the lounge, I cannot remember her name but she was apologetic and sorted me out by moving me to another room.  I got to the room and it was cold and sadly not no warmer throughout my stay. Not sure why but…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Only 4 stars due to nice staff,"I stay at this hotel maybe 10-15 times a year and I like it because it’s a Hilton and it’s right by my work. However my experiences are so variable it’s untrue. I’ve had lovely rooms and frankly awful rooms. Last nights was the worst I’ve had. The room had a weird fishy smell and was cold. It was only in the morning when I woke (by some charming women on a conference shouting by the lifts. The hotel can’t do anything about these morons obviously) that I realised that the inside window didn’t shut properly, hence the huge amount of condensation on the outside pane meaning that I couldn’t see anything at all. Which is a crying shame from the 21st floor. No plug sockets anywhere near the bed. No fridge. Paintwork chipped and faux leather on the chair all worn away.   And this was a…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay here a lot and it doesn’t let you doen,I’ve stayed here about 10 times and have to say it’s 9.5/10. I had one average stay but the rest have been excellent and the view across London are special. Have a sports bar for sport on TV and pub type meals as well as finer dining. Walking distance from Paddington and right outside of Edgeware road. Breakfast is excellent but does get busy at times. Stayed tonight and mentioned I wanted more tea bags and a dental kit. Look at all the goodies they brought to my room. I stay in many hotels and you won’t go far wrong here ,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Been here 20 mins. Absolute rubbish ,"On arrival you think “oh this is ok, decent location, modern entrance hall...” Don’t be fooled. The rooms absolutely stink of stale smoke. I stay in a lot of hotels, and this is by the far the worst in recent years. It doesn’t have any sockets next to the bed either which is a real pet hate. This place is from the 1980s and hasn’t been updated since.   Looking forward to some fresh air in the morning (not able to open windows). ",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Noisy outside at night,"The hotel on arrival looks impressive with all the public areas well maintained. Received an upgrade on arrival which was appreciated however this meant a lower floor than the one I’d checked into online. I went from the 12th floor to the 2nd. The issue with this is there is a great deal of external noise, traffic, sirens, drunks shouting. Didn’t lead to a good nights sleep. This was an issue and a shame as everything else was excellent. The service the staff the Exec Lounge and the gym were all good. Would stay again but try a higher room or away from the main road.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Theatre Break ,"Stayed here for one night, was in room 2220 in the west wing. It had a great view and was very clean and comfortable. Staff at check-in were very friendly (Katy). Hotel has a great pool and sauna and fitness centre free for residents. Breakfast was excellent. Only negative was the bar prices (£9.50 for a glass of wine!) otherwise it was very good. I'll be back.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel but the rooms are average...,I chose this hotel for a recent weekend break with my other half and I must say the service we received was fantastic. Check in and bag drop was really good and the overall hotel experience was good also however the rooms are very old fashioned and not what you expect from a Hilton. Overall 4 star experience; great hotel and location for travelling to central but the rooms are very average.,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice if you can get one of the renovated rooms,"I recently stayed at the Metropole for a work conference. It's certainly a large hotel and very much a rabbit warren when navigating to conference rooms. I was lucky and got one of the newly renovated rooms. My colleagues were not as lucky. The location is ok as you're not far from Hyde Park and Regents Park, and close to tube stations.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Old, unconfortable rooms. 3 stars at best and a low 3 stars hotel.","Stayed in the tower wing from monday to friday. The rooms are small old, furniture is dated, woods are swollen almost looking like they are starting to rotten. The matresses are so old that they are not straight, they have a curve. On the second day I already had a sore back from sleeping in it.  Air condition in full power at the warmest setting produced almost no heat. room was coldish.  There was no hair drier in my room so I had to go to the concierge asking for one with my hair all wet.  After seing the room I asked If I could be placed in the west wing after being told by some guests that the rooms were better, but I was told that west wing rooms are more expensive so they could not make the trade.  Breakfast was decent for a 3 stars. Nothing to write about. Few variety of…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth a penny,"Terrible service, room small hair in pillow and lights in room didn’t work. Was moved to an alternative room. However when it came to breakfast they couldn’t find our details as they changed our rooms so had to wait for 20 mins to sortthat our. Payment was taken out my back account twice. Still waiting to get resolved. Not happy!",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Started poorly but ended well,I started the trip by being put in a room that had very strong mildew and while I thought I could handle after a short period of time I started coughing and realized I would not be able to make the whole week in this room.  The staff were helpful in getting the room changed and the 2nd room was much better.  Centrally located so you can easily wither walk the neighborhood or take the trains to get around the city.,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and Great staff,Majority of the staff will make your stay there amazing as they are warm and helpful. There maybe 1 or 2 that may ruin your trip if you allow it to as sometimes the managers can be nonchalant about your issues. The only things I had issues with were 1. They gave me a wrong room type and the manager did not care about solving the issue 2. The juice tastes as if it is watered down at breakfast and 3. The TV's are analogue so even some of the free channels do not work.,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for central London,"Will definitely stay again. Over the road from Edgware Road station (you can see it as you exit there). It's a huge hotel with three wings. My room was large, with impressive views to Wembley and beyond, with being on the 13th floor.  There was no noise on my floor, so I slept well. Breakfast was in one of the large restaurants on the ground floor and despite a queue on arrival, I was seated within 5 minutes. There was a wider choice of foods than other Hiltons I stay at, including things like chicken, and beef sausages, and some very nice bread choices too. Paddington station is a 5 minute walk down the road outside and taxis can be hailed by the doorman, if required.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect location ,"I love this hotel, I stay here every time I go to London and I just feel it’s home Very helpful stuff, good service and it’s a spot where u can find in all what you need Pool, gym and business lounge  There’s even a Starbucks coffee shop inside the hotel  Location is perfect, the street is all the way surrounded with restaurants, pharmacies, hairdressers and you can be in Oxford in 20 mins   For more travel tips, please follow my Instagram account serryshereen ",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Has really nothing going for it,This Hotel needs a revamp. It is a massive Hotel. Rooms are cramped and show wear and tear quite badly with stained carpets and old fashioned bathrooms. Mattresses on the bed are really bad and the thermostat on the shower is temperamental (scolding hot or cold). The lack of lighting  in the room gets annoying if you want to do work at night. Most annoying is the lack of plug sockets! - there was not one free socket in the room or beside the bed for phone or laptop. For a business hotel this is surprising. If it was not so near Paddington station I would not have stayed there. But at least an extension lead into the room so that one can plug in phone and laptop and charge. A separate floor lamp would solve the lighting issue. Night sleep was disrupted by fire alarm at 4am but no…,Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Welcome to 1975,"Absolutely awful hotel that needs complete renovation in the hotel rooms.  Dirty walls and carpets. Beds with very poor matresses. A room I could not heat in November. Poor electricity points. A dated, cramped and old bathroom that pumped out scolding hot water or a dribble of cold water.  I would never stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to usual Hilton standards,"Nice front desk staff, but the room is super small and dated. Clean and recent furniture but doesn't feel as high class as a usual Hilton. Prices are reasonable though for London. It's close to major stations and central London.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,"We spend one night at the Hilton London Metropole and we were very quick and very well attended by Debora, who helped us have a more enjoyable stay, helping us with all our requests. Thank you for your good treatment.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay in London,"large family rooms. we were in the family room 2 double beds and a sofa,all staff- very nice!  Firstly? You can easily find interesting discounts with this site: hotelsdeals.ga  great breakfast - everything you can think of or want - also for children.  very close to public transport: including metros and buses.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very dated rooms,"The room we stayed in, was outdated, and was fitted out as if it was a 2 star hotel. Lots of large bits of furniture in the room, which were completely superfluous. Plus a large mini bar/fridge, which wasn’t even switched on. The bed frames where Woden, which stuck out past the mattress, so getting up in the dark to use the bathroom, both me and my wife hit our shins on the corners of the bed frame, which was rather painful. Also no water in the room to drink, either free or to be paid for. On a positive note, the ribs I had in one of the restaurants, were excellent.",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My stay at Hilton metrople,"Unfortunately that building does not deserve to carry Hilton name.upon checkin they asked me for a credit card . The organization that I work for taking care of every thing . But the problem with the receptionist they do not understand there job . Finally I had to give them my credit card as granty so in case you drink or eat some thing then you escape. Rooms are very small .the bar in the middle of the lobby so no fun and privacy sitting and drinking in the main lobby. I do not recommend this particular hotel for along stay ,",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wear And Tear - Book Only If,"We spent two nights in this average Hilton location. Nothing much to write home about, the room was clean though it needs to be upgraded ASAP. The location is perfect though, and that was the reason we booked. Will stay again if we get a good deal.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,5 Day 4 Night Stay To Celebrate A Birthday,"I chose this hotel because of its closeness to a relative's place in London, only 2 tube stops away. This hotel is at the Edgware Road tube station. Before we arrived I had emailed the hotel asking about early check-in and late checkout and letting them know I was there to celebrate a special occasion. I got a nice email response and upon arrival, though we didn't get into our room early, the hotel provided a lovely fruit plate, dessert plate and complimentary bottles of still and sparkling water. A very nice touch! The room had two double beds, two wardrobes, dresser, TV, desk and desk chair, small round glass table with a chair. I had an issue with getting the TV to work the first night. The next day I called down to the desk and they sent someone up within 20 minutes. There…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful staying,We stayed 2 nights with 2 kids and we had a wonderful experience. Big hotel with 3 wings. Nice room with fantastic view (although not towards any known building). Fantastic location next to metro station and lots of restaurants nearly. Padington station also 3 min walking distance. Only thing the bed was very noisy but comfortable. Swimming pool also very nice but crowded as expected. Will visit again for sure,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Terrible beds, if you have a bad back, do not stay here.","This hotel was priced better than others, but the bed was terrible.  I haven't stayed at a hilton hotel with this bad of a bed in years.  I would not recommend this hotel.  the location is also out of the way if you want to walk to major areas, but tube stop is close.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs refurbishment - does not meet brand standards,"I’m sure this hotel would have been nice 20 years ago but everything seems a bit out dated and old now.  The chair was quite worn down, TVs are ancient and don’t have anything more than BBC one. Moving onto the bathroom, and it doesn’t get any better, the bath tub is rather dirty as is the shower head. Also the shower curtain was ripped. (See images)  However I did appreciate the separate queue for diamond member check-in, but as a regular Hilton visitor I expect more from the brand. This hotel certainly does not meet expectations, compared to the others in London that carry the Hilton name e.g Canary Wharf, Tower Bridge and Bankside. Even the promised bottles of water were not provided in the rooms either, on the whole not a great experience. ",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hilton for a large city like London ,This Hilton has what is needed for a large city hotel.    Easy to reach from heathrow ( heathrow express) and downtown via edge ward road tube station.   Great gym and pool for a city hotel.  Breakfast had a good and tasty food selection.  Does get alittle busy at 8.30am ish.  The executives lounge and its staff are excellent . Rooms are clean and comfortable.   As a diamond member I was happy with my stay.  no complaints would stay here again. ,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not like Hilton more likely Hampton ,"Staff is ok but hotel is very very old.  Managment efforts more then usual to cover missing atmosphere but they can not handle the problems due to weakness of property,  breakfast is weak ,no item in the mini bar, no laundry ,location is not bad ot is a middle eastern area but most impotant renovation is immediate....",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay elsewhere. Anywhere.,"The beds for our whole group were in terrible shape. The mattress on my bed should have been replaced ages ago. The other 2 people I was traveling with expressed the same issue. Also, there were no electrical outlets anywhere near the bed. My mattress was shaped like a banana. And I was on the executive floor. Really inexcusable. ",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Relaxing Hotel where you look forward to coming like a home at the end of a tiring day.,"I love this Hotel! Staff are friendly, very warm and accommodating.  The front desk lady helped me to get a double bed room as I am traveling with my daughter and mom.  The rooms are clean, spacious and provided with all amenities that we needed. We had a slight problem with heater but front desk sent a technician right away & checked on us if we had the service done! That’s what you call an excellent customer service! Breakfast is superbe! Really an experience of a true English breakfast! They have a swimming pool area and a fitness area.  I left my goggles and they kept it for me the next day.  I haven’t found a service like this in a long while! I would highly recommend this hotel over & over and will definitely come back to this hotel in the future!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The most amazing view of London,"We were so lucky to get this hotel at a very good price as we booked a year in advance. The hotel is central to visit all the sights of London and it's location is very easy to find from the tube station at Edgeware Road. This really is a 4 star hotel. The rooms are spacious for London rooms, in fact the 4 star rating is exactly what it says on the tin. The hotel is also very clean and comfortable. But as a great go to the Sky 23 restaurant and have a cocktail whilst taking in the magnificent view of London. The hotel has a lovely swimming pool and we used the sauna too. All in all this hotel is well worth its 4 star rating.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,EAGLES DO LONDON,"Had the pleasure of staying at this hotel during Eagles vs. Jaguars game. Free breakfast every morning, 3 restaurants, sports bar and a rooftop lounge. Swimming pool and gym. Rooms were ok. The bathroom was a bit dated with the tub and shower being dangerously way too high to step up into. Hotel was spectacular with Cleanliness, Customer Service, free Wifi and Hospitality. Great location for high end shopping district, lots of hookah bars and Middle Eastern eateries. 10 min walk to Carnaby where the night life was always “Lit”  London Arch and Hyde Park were also within walking distance. Hop on hop off bus located in this area as well. The tubes were just a 3 minute walk from hotel, train was an 11 min walk. Wembley Stadium was a tube ride away, 15 min ride, with a stop at the…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel without maintnance.,I stayed in this Hotel for 3 nights. The rooms are old and badly mantained. In general the staff is friendly. The Food in the Bar is ok. Near a Tube station but the neiborhood is not good. I surely not comeback to this Hotel.,Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic weekend,"I stayed here over the weekend as was spending my anniversary in London. I had emailed the hotel requesting an early check in as we had an early dinner reservation the over side of town, I was emailed back very quickly to say that this could not be guaranteed however would be noted on my booking.  We arrived early to the hotel anyway, and when walking in it was extremely busy so I doubted we would be able to check in early. A very friendly lady welcomed us at the check in desk, I believe her name was Pei-Wan (Apologise if this is incorrect as I couldn’t really see her name badge clearly) as she checked us in she said she wanted to upgrade us to a queen suite on the 23rd floor. This made our weekend even more special as we had a great view. After spending the evening out we came…",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Was I really in England ,This hotel would be better if it were located in the Middle East.  It’s huge and very busy.  Took forever to get into my room.  I don’t blame them but on my tour company.  The book a cheap flight which gets you in early and you are to tired to do anything.  It was a clean room.  Limited tv options.  Breakfast was decent. I would have preferred more modern hotel.,Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good restaurant,"kind people, good quality of food for breakfast and good for dinner as well. i'm italian and i love excellent pizza. i appreciated pizza at hilton. Giuseppe was very kind with us, his pizza was almost like on of the best in Naples.  The room was clean even if it is not ""new"". about position... no bad! a lot of traffic everywhere :(",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very poor Hilton, not what I expected","Booked the break as a late birthday treat and other celebration. Booked a deluxe room, who knows what the standard rooms were like. Reception didn’t have a clue walked away to help someone else without saying a word, thankfully a trainee finished the check in looking embarrassed for what had happened, the same happened at check out again rescued by the same trainee.  The room was clean but very very dated, shower was leaking, black mould around bath, doors chipped, hinges rusty. The room was supposed to have a city view, it did if you consider the Marylebone bypass as a city view!  Breakfast was even better, on both mornings the food was at best lukewarm and in short supply. Both mornings our table was cleared ready for someone else when we went to the breakfast counter for…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what i expected,All seems nice when you walk in but was let down by the bathroom black mould around bath tub bath panel day off not very relaxing.   Stayed for three nights over half term when we told reception they just said they will let housekeeping know .needs more than just housekeeping.,Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Like a disaster ,"Don’t visit here. I used this hotel fir business trip stays but worst hotel ever! Very old room, some components are broken but staff don’t repair them (I complained them but they don’t). If you visit here, you’ll lose your money. Pick up other hotels. ",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the price,At check in we were told our designated room was not ready and were offered an upgrade.  If that was an upgrade I wonder what our original room would have been like.  We did get a better room with little fuss but even in that room the furniture and fixtures were in poor repair particularly for a hotel at that price point.    ,Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not suitable for business travelers,"Some of the worst internet service I've ever encountered, and you have to pay extra for that. Aging 70s building. Climate control didn't work & they couldn't fix it. Cracked sink. Old decrepit shower curtain. Convenient to nothing except Paddington Station.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton hotel I have ever been!!,"Hilton hotels group should definitely close this hotel! From A to Z it was completely disappointment and disaster! I stayed with my son and he hurt himself in the room as he has bruises on his back because of the room planning was very poor and very tiny!! Bathroom was like from 1977. It was very old and looking very dirty. I paid £350 for a night and I thought it was Hilton quality but it wasn’t. I’m still very disappointed and very angry with myself that I chosen this hotel. Very crowded, staff don’t give a damn about you. Breakfast? Forget about it. They have very small restaurant and queue is going to outside of the hotel. I never ever seen such a bad hotel like this in my life before. Please save your money and your mental health and go to any local B&B but not there.…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms comparable to a travelodge - not worthy of the Hilton branding,"At 250 pounds per night, this room was astoundingly poor. The website claims an “elegant bathroom” which turned out to be tired, cracking and falling apart, with mould in places and not cleaned properly.  The bed was large and comfortable, but the other room facilities were poor. The windows had mould growing on them. The air conditioning is hopeless - there is no thermostat, just a dial that says “warmer” or “colder” that does absolutely nothing at all to change the temperature. As others have said on here, heating and cooling seems to be set centrally and you have no control over it. The “flatscreen TV with on demand movies” was nothing more than 5 british channels, two news channels, a few EMEA channels (mostly unwatchable due to snow interference) and a broken movie system…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never Again,"I stayed here for 4 nights for work, then extended my stay for 3 extra nights. Oh, how I regret it. On my 3rd day, the temperature outside dropped and I realized that no matter how high I set the thermostat, the room kept getting colder. After 2 calls and 2 more days, it was determined that the heat in my room did not work. Instead of offering me a room change, they gave me a small portable heater. It took 24 hours for the heater to raise the room temp 2 degrees!! When I went to check out, they made me no offer of compensation. When I asked, they begrudgingly offered me only 20% off of 2 of 7 nights. Besides the heating issue, the bed was as hard as a rock, the location was not near any desire-able historic areas and housekeeping left a lot to be desired (on day 4, I had to ask…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good,"Maybe à bit expensive,  but no bad surprise, conformed to the description. Well situated,  efficient service most of the time.Nice (but a bit old fashioned style) and practical  bedroom for 5, parents plus 3 kids.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Standard Professionally Delivered,"We just had a family trip to London to see the Harry Potter play I soho and we chose the Hilton Metropole. The hotel was comfortable and the staff professional. The hotel is very busy like a mini city within the city. If you don’t like crowds this is not the place.   The room was of a high quality but the wear and tear was apparent in some parts, namely the bathroom. The food was adequate but the restaurant staff were attentive. The location is excellent making it fairly easy to get to most places in town within 20 minutes. Overall we were pleased with the hotel and would return. ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"My husband and I stayed at the hotel fro 26 - 28 October. It’s a couple of years since our previous stay and it now seems run down. Our room was standard size with tea and coffee making facilities. However, the fridge wasn’t working, there were stains on the carpet and the shower wasn’t working properly.  Breakfast was very disappointing as the cooked breakfast was cold on both days. Except for one waitress from Romania, all other waiting staff were quite surly whe asked for help.   Reception staff were very helpful and the lounge area was well maintained.",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good buy for the price,Close to tube and good location for walking. Walking distance to Paddington station for trains. (Hilton Paddington next to the station averages $100 more per night) Staff is top notch and very helpful. Overall excellent value.,Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location but could use renovations,"The staff is great, thelocation is perfect for visitors, and the food offered tasted great. But, I stayed in the tower rooms. These are the cheaper rooms. Overall, they are ok. But the rooms and hallway could use fresh paint and new carpeting. Also, when they clean the rooms, they smell strongly of ammonia. This is common in Europe but it is harsh if you are not used to it.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large and centrally-located,"We recently stayed for 4 nights for a conference being held at the venue. Our room was comfortable and we encountered no problems with the room. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet included with our room rate but were quite put off one day by staff asking us to take a continental breakfast located in another part of the hotel instead of the full meal we had expected.  Group lunches and hors d'oeuvres at receptions were all tasty. The staff seemed harried. I do not advise booking a room during school holidays- there were many families and subsequent ""races"" along the long corridors. The hotel feels like three buildings welded together and it is quite easy to get lost in meetings rooms.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very tired and run down ,"Booked to stay in day after we got married. Pictures in the internet do not show the rooms in the older part of the hotel which is very run down. Very small bathroom that needs work, hall ways reminded us of an old 1970’s council building. Staff very friendly, staff area nice and clean  and breakfast was nice. Just be careful when booking as the room was disappointing for a Hilton ",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Presidential Suite,"My husband had something special to celebrate and decided to splash out on our last trip to London. We generally enjoy Hiltons and decided to try the Metropole. My husband reserved the Presidential Suite for us.  The Hilton Metropole website advertises the Presidential Suite as 'The ultimate experience at Hilton London Metropole'.   Don't believe the hype. There's nothing 'ultimate' about it.   The rooms were enormous-but there was nothing luxurious about them.   The front desk sent us to the wrong bank of elevators when we checked in. One of the keycards never worked. We were in London during an especially warm and humid weekend, and the air conditioner couldn't cope. We had to request an electric fan for the bedroom...and it seems they had to raid someone's desk to provide it,…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A bit tired ,The hotel staff are lovely Very professional  The hotel is well situated near to Edgware Road tube  Location is good But the hotel itself is very tired Needs a very good injection of money to make the bedrooms and general hotel areas up to date  ,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great place!,"This hotel was really great! My room was big and clean, I was here with my daughter and we had two big beds, flat TV and a great view from our room. The staff was so friendly and kind, they helped us with different recommendations around the hotel. The breakfast was so delicious, we could choose from a lot of different types of food and everything was so good. I had such a great experience in this hotel and I would recommend it to everyone :)",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel with perfect location,"I was here last week and I really enjoyed my stay at this beautiful hotel. My room was really huge, I was here with my mum and we had two big super comfortable beds. The view from our room was amazing, we had a big window that was looking at the London streets. The location was also great, Metro and Bus Station were 2 minutes from the hotel.  At the evening we went for a drink at the sky bar at the top of the hotel, and in the morning we enjoyed in a rich breakfast. The staff was really kind and helpful, I just loved it :)",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better to stay in a Travelodge,This hotel is a disgrace to the Hilton brand. Particularly given its prominent location and the fact that it is regularly occupied almost fully.   The standard rooms are tiny and dated. It seems that the place has not had a refurb ever since it opened.   We were told there are nicer rooms but having stayed here purely for convenience on a number of occasions and sampled most room types including a small suite and club lounge access I have to say spend your money wisely and go stay at a nearby Premier inn or a super room in a Travelodge as they are far superior.   The beds in this hotel are so uncomfortable and old so you will not get a good nights sleep.   The club lounge in this place is also dated and poorly stocked.   Certainly will think about other options first before…,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Our short stay in London ,Ok 3 nights in London for my 50th and daughters 21st we booked The Hilton Metropole Hotel on Edgware Road . Great location plenty round about a M&S across from hotel and tube station 2 minutes away . Hotel on arrival is lovely really nice until we got to our rooms they are dated and quite small. Our TV did not work we didn’t complain as we were out sightseeing all the time but it would have been nice in the morning to watch the news . The bathrooms were awful clean but horrible paint peeling off and rusty door hinges. 3 of us shared a triple room and there was 2 plugs to share to charge phones and style hair etc. Rooms were clean though . The pictures on the website of the rooms were nothing like the rooms we had. On checking out of hotel I did inform them the rooms were dated…,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fine personnel but worn out room and still no hairdryer,"Very nice and polite personnel so they should get all the positive credit.  However, the room was quite worn out as you can see from the pictures and most of all, I was again missing a hair dryer. Not very good for a female business traveller to have “naturally dried” hair . That just does not go well with otherwise professional look. This same issue has happened earlier with my stays with Hilton in London too but I thought they had fixed this after complaints. From my point of view hairdryer is a basic thing to have in rooms, more than complimentary coffee. The room was also quite worn out with wall paper peeling off and visible signs of water damage on roof.  So, therefore only two stars. ",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms desperately need to be refurbished! ,"I have stayed here in the past but this time the first room I checked into had stained carpet, ripped wallpaper, ink and other stains on the walls and chipped paint.  I requested a room change and ended up with something a bit better, but still fairly shabby.  It is a double room and one of the mattresses is completely knackered, not suitable for sleeping at all. Luckily, as a lone traveller I was able to stay in the other bed, but this is not acceptable for 2 people. And I pity whoever stayed in the room I initially turned down.  Hilton is a luxury brand. The rooms I have seen on this stay are nowhere near what I'd expect. I've stayed at much cheaper hotels with much better rooms and think I will from now on.  The only reason this is not 1* is due to the attentive staff and…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dreadful room,"Checked in here last week, it’s really convenient as a 1 minute walk from the tube. The receptionist that checked me in was really professional and helpful. Communal areas such as the bar etc looked really nice, I can’t comment on them as didn’t use them (just walked through). So a good first impression. When I checked in I was told my room was being upgraded so I was expecting good things. Gosh.... this was not what I got! The room was tiny. I could nearly move in both the room and the bathroom and I did have a double room for 1 person. Paint was peeling off the walls and paintwork and the furniture look shabby to say the least. The bed was clean (which was a surprise) and the room service was okay. I wouldn’t stay here again. ",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wary of top floor rooms,This is an old hotel with noisy mechanical on the roof. A music sound from the top floor night club adds to the top floor noise and the room has a problem with a previous smoker or mould as my allergies run wild. Now the phone system is out. Very low on my list of a hotel I would recommend based in this night's experience,Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,disgusting,"Personnel was very friendly but rooms are in urgent need of total refurbishment , elevator blocked 2 times during our stay, doors didn't open and needed to open them manually, made my remarks about that to the staff. We just paid too much for what we got.  Shame on Hilton, this hotel does totally not reflect the standards of that type of organisation!",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disgusting rooms,"I was assigned a newly renovated room in the corner of the tower. I immediately noticed there were terrible stains on the carpet. The bathroom looked nice though.  I requested a room change and they moved me but it was ""unfurbished"". When i got into that room, ut loomed nothing like the pictures and was very old.  Disappointed.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointed,"Booked through AAA.  Room was old with not enough drawers for clothing.  Asked for a refurbished room as they are in the process of renovating but was denied even as Hilton Honors members.  Bathroom had peeling paint around the tub.  Old tub and shower set up.  Smelled of mildew.  Brown caulking.  Phone did not work for the last 2 days we were there even though it was reported and we were told it was fixed.  It wasn't.  Two single beds instead of one double or queen.  Had to constantly ask for wash clothes as there apparently wasn't enough in the hotel.  Concierge was great.  Lots of good info.  This particular room was not worth the $.  Check in people and Guest Relations person were no help.  It seems if you don't book direct, your Hilton Honors doesn't mean anything.",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, very attentive service team",The front desk is fantastic for every request. I asked for a quiet and renovated room and received just that. Rooms are nicely appointed with modern design and all the Hilton amenities you come to expect. Every team member I encountered was very accommodating with great attitude and smile. Will be back here.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing ,"I have booked and prepaid a deluxe king room and once I arrived the reception communicated that only a standard room was available and therefore they would give me a discount. I did not want a discount but the room that I booked, especially considering that the room I got was smelly and depressing. Very disappointing service ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Tired,"Price was competitive but didn’t realise it was the cheap end of the property, tired and run down, Victorian noisy cistern, room smelt a bit stale not sure why.  It’s time for them to update it or sell it.  Didn’t help after a flight from Australia the room keys didn’t work.  Broken fridge on landing outside one room for duration of stay.  All in all shabby.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday Party Weekend,"Nice,Clean Large London Hotel.Check in quick and swift.Bars were busy on the Saturday when we arrived. Good service, and professional staff made us feel welcome. Bedroom was clean, tidy and a nice comfortable bed.Breakfast was very busy, but well organised.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid this hotel,"If you want poor service, outdated rooms, half the things in the room not working correctly. Torn bedsheets or If you need anything from room service or housekeeping expect no less than a 45 minute wait. It’s a poorly managed hotel.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,HARD TO BELIEVE THIS IS A HILTON PROPERTY,"One of the worst Hilton properties I have ever stayed at ... Very poor customer service, poor bar & restaurant service and one of the worst rooms I have ever stayed in. Elevators in poor running conditions that caused long waits to get up to your room or down. NOT business friendly at all , staff poorly trained to make decisions and hotel was very understaffed .... DO NOT STAY HERE is my recommendation  .... ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Big hotel, not far from Paddington","This is a big international hotel.  Not far from Paddington station, and close to tube station so good for central London.  Nice big bar area with a good selection of drinks including a wide range of gins.  The restaurant is big, I didn’t eat in the evening at the hotel, but the breakfast is very good with a big selection.  The room I had was big and quiet and the air conditioning worked well.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beast of a hotel - machine!,"Busy, busy, busy. Non stop flow of people in and out. The hotel is an absolute machine and I have zero complaints. Comfortable rooms with good food and in an amazing location in central London. Would stay again.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Is this a Hilton ????,"Booked King Executive Room, contacted by HHonors offering staus Match.  I'm IHG Ambassador Platinum was given Honors Diamond status. Excellent service so far, sadly that's where it ended. Average rating for service below is due to the staff in your executive lounge who brought it up from terrible.  Arrived at hotel to check in at HHonors desk and was offered room on 4th floor after requesting a high floor, high floor was offered but informed it would be a downgrade.   Room on 4th floor East Wing, had seen better days (upgrading the rooms next year), re other comments such as OLD and Time Travel. The room was very noisy, door to balcony didn't close properly and was held in place by screws, lots of traffic noise and wind noise from outside in addition to lots of noise from…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Massive old hotel,"Massive hotel with too many people coming in and out at all times. Old floors and rooms, with smelly carpets dirty facilities. My shower curtain was yellowish and full of mold and my heater needed 2 days to go from 19C to 24C, after the technician had to come to arrange the fan. The room service is extremely slow (50’ to get my order) and expensive for the portions they give you. You will have to wait queues for absolutely everything: check in, check out, entering the breakfast, etc. The only good thing of this hotel is the people that work here. They are very nice in general, always ready to help.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs to major step up to catch up with other Hiltons!,"Putting aside the point that a number of reviewers had already stated regarding the need for a refurb, my assessment of the hotel is as follows:  Pros: 	- Fairly smooth check-in process, the staff who greeted me was professional and welcoming (this is the exception; see below); 	- Convenient/ central location; 	- Good transport links, close to a couple of tube stations; 	- A number of restaurants to choose from, within close proximity.   Cons: 	- Upkeep of rooms, from a basic maintenance point of view - bathroom bath panels looks as though it's falling apart; 	- Again, upkeep of rooms as my desk lamp was not working; 	- No complementary bottled water; 	- No digital keys available (for HHonors members); 	- Reception doesn't even accept contactless payments (for my £3 deposit!);…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Time travelling elevators,"You walk into the lobby and think yes good choice. Bright, modern, nice looking bar, all good so far.  Check-in was speedy and professional.  Room 2215 was allocated to me on the 22nd floor.  Nice I thought get a decent view of London.  What I didn't realise is that the elevators would whisk me back through time to the 1970s.  To say the room is tired and outdated is an understatement.  It was also one of the smallest rooms I have stayed in in London.  To top it off I was met with a rather delightful fishy smell upon entering the room.  I called down to request a room change.  Unsurprisingly the hotel was fully booked but they said they would send someone from housekeeping to open the window and spray some freshener.  the chap from housekeeping turned up five minutes later, no…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not at Hilton Standards,"Has a Cheap 3 star hotel feeling, ones away from the lobby. Rooms are dark, old linens & furniture, dirty carpet & bath fixtures.  Staff has an attitude and is not willing to help. My room was not made/cleaned. After multiple calls all I received were new towels. I been a Diamond Member for over 8 years and this is the worst Hilton I stayed at. I guess I should have known based on the price compared to other Hiltons n the area. Picked based on proximity to Paddington Station and price. ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton ,"I am a Diamond Hilton Honors member and stay about 100 nights per year in Hiltons all over the world. I have to say this is by far the worst Hilton I have ever had the displeasure of staying in. Everything from the arrival onward was terrible, especially the rooms and hallways. The lobby has clearly been renovated but the hallways and guest rooms are a disgusting excuse for what should be holding up to the Hilton standard. We were moved twice due to our complaints which included musty smells, stained carpets, peeling wallpaper and pubic hairs in our bathroom. Eventually we demanded to be moved to a different hotel. This property should have the Hilton name stripped from it. I stay in Hilton properties because I expect safety, comfort and cleanliness..none of which can be found…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This property is just OK,"When checking in this property looks fantastic. The lobby and reception area are very inviting with nice Starbucks and a little market store, nice bar and restaurant.   We were given a room in the West Wing and at first glance it’s a basic hotel room with no frills. Then after further inspection they we noticed a need to update and clean up the rooms.   The artwork is falling apart, the beds are very hard and the bathroom was unacceptable. The shower curtain was snagged, had black marks, and was falling apart. The garbage can didn’t open with the foot pedal and was all dented and the door was all scratched up. To top it off the shower head was taped on so it wouldn’t fall apart. When we turned it on full pressure the bar fell down and water went everywhere. We could only use it…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,definitely improved since last visit,"stayed for 3 nights as we had an onsite business event.  great location easy to get to.  has recently been renovated, but not all floors at the hotel have been done.  I was lucky to have a newly refurbished room that was nice and comfy and has great in room facilities such as a fridge.  although definitely they could improve the number of channels available on the tv and also provide screen mirroring for your smart devices.  beds comfy and rooms very clean.  we also had breakfast lunch and dinner at the hotel.  food was good quality and a good selection on the buffets that we had.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worried!,"Gentlemen on my floor was followed to his room by thugs, attacked and robbed!!!  Police and staff attended.  For what I could make out he was ‘targeted’ from the lobby area, came up in the lift with him and pounched as he was entering his room.  I was certainly watching my back for the rest of my stay.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really disappointing,"I had to spent almost a week in this hotel - for the money paid it was a terrible experience! I received a room in the Tower Wing area - later I understood that some of the rooms as in a renovating process. The room was dark - no ceiling lights, only small side bed lights. The AC wasn't working, it was really cold during the nights, there was no heating. One of the inside windows had its lock broken. The bathroom was also a disaster - dark spots on the walls, dirty spots here and there. The pictures are talking! It was a frustrating experience and unfortunately I couldn't change the hotel or the room. I would not recommend this hotel, based on my experience!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Service is non existent...,Hilton Metropole is a hotel I stay regularly.. sadly this is probably one of the worst Hilton hotels when it comes service ../ not only the service is bad the staff is rude !  It takes over half hour to get a drink at the bar and if you complain the Barman thinks you are being unkind 😂,Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big and Old,I have one of my really bad experiences with Hilton. as one of the Dimond guest I received a room it was in really bad conditions. As well as the lounge was from the 50s but with all the patina and limited service.  I really can’t recommend the hotel for the high price and bad service.,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,An ok hotel,"This hotel was the starting location of our Globus tour (although we arrived a few days earlier to check out London as it was our first time there).  Although not really really central, it was very close to the underground so getting around was never an issue.  Our room was a bit dated, but we only needed it for sleeping and showering, the rest of the time we were out and about exploring the city.  There's a dairy/superette nearby that's open quite late.  We had good views looking towards the London Eye.  The room was clean and tidy.  The staff were always polite and helpful.  Our breakfasts were included which is always helpful, although the coffee was generally always cold.  The day we arrived we dined in the  Fiamma Restaurant where we had pizza which was ok.  Not the…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel I’ve ever stayed in,"I was expecting something among the lines of the Hilton chain.i normally stay at the Hilton in Fiji and goodness this hotel was old, smelly, the rooms were very outdated and breakfast was not good quality",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Get the refurbished rooms,"Been here a few times & it was a dying place, they’ve however refurbished & refreshed some of the floors. Do your best to get one of these refurbished rooms, they are lovely & make for a comfortable stay. ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hit and miss. ,"As preface we are still staying here and checking out tomorrow.   Our check in experience was great the lady who checked us in was polite and friendly and very helpful.   Housekeeping has been great with tidying up etc. As a Diamond member I requested extra towels before arrival (there are 4 of us) they were not here and we had to request in person.    We went to the executive lounge for a drink before dinner upon entry we were basically asked “what do you want?”, well obviously a drink and some quiet time. Upon interrogation we were granted access (just check my room number) and realised that as it was before 6pm drinks were not available. We went downstairs to the sports bar and enjoyed a drink nonetheless.   We checkout tomorrow and I call this afternoon for a late check out…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room size n drinking water,The room sizes r very small as well as washroom sizes. The view even isnt great. Moreover they dont provide a single water bootle to drink neither any mini bars in the room....very rude behaviour too. Not recommended at all.,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better days elsewhere,The worst Hilton I met at a convention.Old not renovated roomsNot working elevatorsNot enough staff at the barMissing trash cans in the congress area during the coffee breaksToo tight seating during lunch in the congress area,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lift Hell,Apart from being fairly well run down and in need of a serious makeover this hotel has a dangerous situation going on with faulty lifts. On Saturday night past people were stranded on floors  for a long period when it appeared all customer lifts were faulty. Management need to sort this out immediately and have an emergency support team for any future problems. Staff did what they can and guided us to a small service lift allowing us to eventually get to our room.,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Annual Conference in the Smoke,"Past its best some years ago. Top dollar cost for minimum value. The hotel is in a great location, and it appears that this justifies a high price but the thousands of tourists who frequent the hotel don't merit much investment. Jaded.",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average Stay,"The hotel is a quick 10 min walk from Paddington Station, so very convenient coming off the airport express from Heathrow.  We were asked to wait a bit when checking in and offered a complementary drink (which we certainly took advantage of). Upon receiving our room assignment, we were placed in the tower building at the top floor, which provided a decent view.  However, the room was definitely quite old and rundown to the point where you noticed things every part of the room you were in. Nothing necessarily which affected the functionality of the amenities of the room, but aesthetically unpleasing.  The most disappointed thing is that, like most normal hotels nowadays, they provided a Wifi password when giving the room key. We used the Wifi a normal amount when back in the room…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good choice,"The hotel is very big and the public grounds are nice and modern. The location is very good for exploring all the sites in central London. Also walking distance to little Venice. If you would like to go to London zoo I recommend to use uber for about 6 pound - It takes only 10 minutes drive. The hotel staff are very professional and friendly. The best of them which made the experience perfect are Stefano - the night front desk manager, kris the night duty manger and Miriana the restaurant manager. All of them did more than they had to fulfill the guest expectations. The lounge is also great.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what we expected ,Not impressed with this hotel and I now wished I had read the reviews before looking... I expected better from a Hilton but room was basic and so noisy... internal door to next room and occupants would have been as well joining us... will never return and if you read this before booking there is better around for sure... Prem inn would have beaten this place hands down... on a plus it was clean and bed was hotel standard but not worth the money...  ,Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Small, Dark Room","I was rather surprised how small and dark the room was. The room had a view of a brick wall. The bathroom was in need of updating. Not exactly the experience that I would expect from a Hilton -- most definitely not a luxury hotel!  Of course, no free wifi. Considering the room rate, I feel as though I was robbed. I would never stay here again -- there are much better options out there.",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Grand entrance, average rooms ","I wouldn't call this a luxury hotel. The entrance to this property is grand with many counters to check-in.  Having said that the queue is long all the time. One way that's an indicator of its popularity,  the other way, it's a bit frustrating.  You can do an express check out , but if you are in need of a receipt for reimbursement,  unless you have provided them with your email address, there is no way of getting one. You will sadly have to queue up.. The rooms are not that great, given the grand entrance. Looking at the rooms, one would say it's an average hotel, not a luxury one.  It's centrally located with a 5-8 minute walk from Paddington station. Good on a good day, but on a daily day it's a bummer if you arrive at Paddington..  Overall a good property to stay.  Recommend…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Refurbish room met our expectaions and needs,"The tower room were recently refurbished. The furnishings was clean and functional  but lacked sufficient drawers for stays longer then two. The bathroom also was updated but needs hooks or rods for hanging large towels. Views of London were appreciated, especially at night. Staff were helpful and friendly. The hotel is conveniently located to the Edgware Tube stations and within walking distance to Paddington and Marylebone rail stations. Nearby there are cafes, a couple of pubs, plenty of ethnic restaurants, M&S clothing and food market and post office in the immediate neighborhood.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Grotty hotel - stay somewhere else!!,"I came here for a business meeting and this is by far the worst Hilton hotel I’ve even been too!   I am an event organiser so I have been to a few Hilton’s!!!   It’s dark and dingy, the bedrooms are terrible (see photos), dirty carpet, ripped wall paper, dim lighting, no water in my room.   The conference area is also dingy with no natural lighting.   It was a European event and I was disappointed that 425 people came to London and this hotel gave them a really bad impression!!  We paid nearly £200 a night!!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cosy hotel,"We visited the hotel me and my frined, nice clean lovely room with a lovely view of Edgware Road.  The swimming pool and the breakfast was amazing.  We had a lovely time will definitely be back again; when we are in the area.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Buckle up, it's gonna be a bumpy ride...","After a long flight across the pond from the US, I arrived at the Hilton London Metropole. Walking in to the lobby was impressive, as it is clean, new, and has a lounge vibe to it. The person who checked me in was very courteous and was able to get me a room that was immediately available since I checked-in the day prior on the app.   My first concern was when she asked ""are you a smoker?"" I said no, and would specifically like a non-smoking room. (This was my first trip to London and was unaware that the smoking laws had been in effect for years now) But nevertheless, she directed me to the elevators and I was on my way. Walking through the lobby I was hoping my room would be just as nice...I was wrong.  I got off the elevator on to the 11th floor and was greeted by a smell. I…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Omg go elsewhere ,"As a regular to Hilton this has to be worse ever, stay not in 150 per night but in a 50 budget hotel  - tower, not refurbished since built, carpet curtains walls all like skanky, gaps in coving just old - tv don't work, in morning will be 3rd time in asking fix, oh had same issue other week in different room  This place isn't to Hilton standards, full stop, avoid !!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big hotel in need of upgrade,"I stayed here for two days and got upgraded to the Executive Floor.  What I liked  - size of room - access to Executive Lounge - good breakfast buffet - swimming pool (did not use though as I had not expected to find one)  What could be done better  - quality of mattress is pretty poor and not reflective of what one can now find in hotels of similar standing - maintenance; blatant non-repaired damage across the room and the bathroom, the furnishing also look quite outdated (not that it bothers me that much but it goes somehow in line with the lack of proper maintenance and up keeping - room attendance; I cannot understand how and why the room attendant would leave welcome appetizers in the room for more than 24 hours. To be honest, I did not even dare touching it when we arrived…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,WORST WORST experience ever!!,"Got in late from office for a night! Extremely rude staff.. from check in desk to staff- all were very badly behaving. room Kettle would not work, AC was so cold for a late september night.. no one came to fix the AC for over 2 hours inspite for calling them multiple times. i was told- donot call multiple times..when finally  the AC was turned off and i asked for portable heater- it would come after 30mins- at night 2am!! i was beginning to doubt whether i paid for Hilton or some shady place!! would never return unless no other option.! By far worst Hilton or any hotel i have ever stayed! travelodge/premierinn definitely gave better services",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Need to be refreshed,"tired furnishings, executive lounge dark...actually surprised they have held onto the Hilton franchise. Great location, near the Underground and Paddington. It is a shame that they really aren't even average. They could do so much better! Next time I wont stay there.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"If you need a hotel for sleep only this is the place. Yes there are a lot of restaurants around the hotel the tube down the road, it’s clean and value for money, but take the upgrade to the new refurbished rooms ",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Breakfast and coffee bar,I met colleagues here for breakfast and then attended a meeting within the coffee area. Breakfast is a buffet affair with plenty of choice. Tea and Coffee is waiter service. The coffee bar is reasonably large with plenty of space to meet with five or six colleagues,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Jesse gets kudos from Canada!,"We were wet and tired when we arrived  and had lost our smiles until we met Jesse at check-in. He was patient and helpful and went out of his way to make sure our reservation worked to great advantage! The room he chose for us was lovely with a terrific view! Many thanks to a competent young man! On another note, we waited over 3 hours for someone to fix/exchange our fridge and fix a broken curtain rod.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but need super renovation ,"Hilton Metropole London  Staff is good.  Location is good two Edgware Road stations.  Buffet Breakfast room was very good.  Extremely bad rooms Very bad smell of cigarettes  Carpet in bad shape  Furniture damaged  Room fridge 100 years old  AC switches century old  Housekeeping service very bad. No tissue box in toilet. Don’t clean glasses and coffee cups.  Sinks and shower tub are clogged.  My daughter 8 years old, after confirming with server took some pastries for her elder sister to take to room, when exiting restaurant manager refused her to take on plate.  Incomplete, short and dirty curtains in room made difficult to sleep in day light.  Elevator: we were on 23rd floor sometimes wait time was over 10-15 mins.  Room TelePhone Set not working for 6 days  Curtains are short…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worn and dated ,"Stayed one night, picked for its location. No problems on check in, pleasant reception. The downstairs areas all looked good. There was initial confusion as to which set of  lifts to get - it would have been nice for reception to have pointed out the correct area on check in. The room we had was on the 22nd floor, very small and quite shabby but the worst thing was the loud long beeping noise that occurred every minute or so, there would be no chance of getting any decent sleep so we requested they move us, this they did and we were given a much more spacious room on the 4th floor, no noise this time but the carpet was stained, rainwater was leaking through the window and dripping onto the carpet and the bathroom had an unpleasant aroma. We were woken quite early by housekeeping…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay at Hilton Metropole,"Hotel is nice enough, I had a Twin room in the new wing which was very large and spacious. I also had a colleague who was a Hilton Honours Diamond Member who took us to the lounge for free drinks and nibbles during evening happy hour.  The staff are really nice and friendly and Breakfast was really nice.  There is a gym and pool but I did not use it, but did see it.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Looks like an airport Hilton service nothing like a hilton,"Stayed for one night. Check in was a cold experience from the receptionist who got the wrong name, said no upgrade was available and didn’t explain any of the facilities. What was noticeable was there was no recognition at all of being a good Hilton customer (80 nights this year) which I don’t need though do expect a level of courtesy. I enquired about the lounge and asked as we would be out early to the theatre whether we could have a drinks voucher. We don’t do that I was told abruptly fine but the dialogue was poor. New refurbed room but no robes or extras. Breakfast service chaotic and poorly labelled. In contrast double tree Islington we arrived next night - im sorry we are full so There’s no upgrade.  can I offer you a complimentary drink and snack, said with a smile.…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay!!,"Amazing located in the heart of London, near to the major attraction of the city!! Just in front of the massive hotel you have bakerloo, hammersmith and city, district and circle line. With buses you can reach oxford street in 5 mins, walking in 12. Near to paddington station, 5 mins walking. Rooms are ok, deluxe is the best. A lot of outlets, stunning staff. I will come back 100%",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dated,"I arrived at 4 pm and it took 20 minutes to check in, although there was a free member of staff on reception she wasn't taking new arrivals. Not the best start.  The hotel has a very large pleasant lobby, and generally looks quite nice.  The room was very dated, shower from the 80s. Just dreadful.  I was on the 22 floor which had good view but the whole hotel needs a refurb. I also didn't have a hotel guide in the room so it wasn't clear what the hotel had to offer and timings etc.  I am a diamond hilton member, and at checkin aside from a thank you, there was no additional benefit.  No room upgrade, and no usable lounge as it was too busy.  Overall I won't come back, as there is much more for much less in London. ",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, decent infrastructure, but room renovation needed","Being in walking distance from Paddington and close to several tube stations is a clear advantage, that's probably the key message. I normally book an executive room. The room standard is very much heterogeneous, the old rooms clearly do not reflect any kind of Hilton standard and really need some upgrade, while the renovated one are ok. The lounge tends to be overcrowded from 6 to 9 pm, with a limited food choice, however the breakfast offering is much better, with a calm atmosphere. There is a gym and a small pool, which is usually not so crowded and you can work out without any problems.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel not far from the centre of things,Great hotel close to the heart of London right across the way from two tube stations. Warm clean rooms although we were given one of the older rooms there are rooms that are more modern but the room we were given were comfy and homely tv with plenty channels fridge and tea/coffee provided biscuits bottles water in room on arrival great pool facilities two bars and a beautiful roof top bar quiet expensive to drink there but worth the views of the whole city would go back again,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A dissapointing experience,"I have recently traveled to London for work related purposes and I have spent 3 nights at Hilton London Metropole. To my huge dissapointment, the room I stayed in was small and crowded (it was hard to even unpack my bags), the carpet was stained, the windows' handles were missing and there were some little holes in the walls. The whole room (and actually the whole area) looked like a one-star hotel room. The bathroom was ok, though, and the sheets were clean.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,dirty run down - expected better from Hilton,"I stayed at this hotel for a business meeting and was disappointed. I booked the King Suite thinking it would be a nice 4* business hotel of the quality I have come to expect from Hilton. Instead the room was run down, dirty (lots of dirt and grime in the corners and appliances) and looked like it has not been renovated since the 90s, paint peeling off the wall, grime in the corners. The shower drains clogged. Lastly, a worker barged into my room using the room key when I didn't answer the door quickly enough after he knocked.Very disappointed.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,AVOID AT ANY COST,"Congratulation to the Hilton Metropole: they won my special awards of « worst hotel », « most disgusting hotel » and « most obnoxious and terrible service » of the decade.  It has to be closed and fully renovated. It’s outrageous to host people in such a slum where walls and carpets are stained, the design and furnitures look like they come from a 1950 soviet movie, half the lights malfunction, the TV remote is sticky and the terrace full of detritus. See my pictures.  Plus it smelled cigarette smoke. And ... there is no bottled water in the room and the minibar is empty in case you would be ready to pay for water.  The breakfast at the lounge is a joke with awful food and displeasant service.  A client of mine had booked 2 nights. I went the first day to the front desk to…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Be sure to ask for a 'renovated' room,"Stayed at this property during a recent business trip. Colleagues warned me to ask for a 'renovated' room, to which I thought that perhaps they were being room snobs. They were 100% correct. Though asking for and being told that I received a 'renovated' room, this was clearly not the case. The room was tiny and looked like it was updated in the 90's. Oddly enough, there was distinct hesitancy in obtaining a renovated room. I finally had to talk to a manager. The newer room was significantly nicer. Insist on staying in one from the onset.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I'd rather stay in a Travelodge,"It is very clear that Hilton just can't be bothered ensuring their customers have a welcoming experience. The whole hotel, outside of the public areas is tatty and tired, my room felt like a dorm, with 3 single beds, with a massive, empty minibar covered in stickers or sticker residue, the bathroom desperately needed a deep clean, the towel shelf was half detached from the wall, the paint on the front of the bath was peeling, the shower was limp and lukewarm, the beds were hard and the pillows average, the security bolt on my door was sheared off, which just shows that the hotel doesn't give a damn about their guests. I did like the mirror in the bathroom for some peculiar reason. The check in process was slow and the breakfast was no better than average, with rubbery fried eggs…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst London Hilton experience ever!,"I’m a Hilton Diamond member and I can say that without doubt this the worst Hilton I have stayed in.  The check-in was appalling  - when I suggested that the welcome on the Hilton desk was poor the staff member asked me if i had tried to make him happy!! I didn’t realise that I had to pay £280 to make a rude poorly trained individual happy.   There are a wide selection of Hilton’s in London, why would you stay here and be subjected to rude check-in staff who believe they are doing you a favour by serving you!!!  I have over a 1000 Hilton’s stays during the last 10 years - if this had been my first experience I would not have come back for a 2nd stay!!!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Yet again the crazy salsa at reception ,"The London Metropole is unique in all the Hiltons I use. The reception is a complete mystery. It takes ages longer than any other Hilton anywhere to get you to checked in and then when you’re there the system seems to be on a permanent go-slow. This happens every time? Fellow guests checking in also shared this frustration.    Anyways I’ve just checked in, having digitally checked in earlier(11 Sep 2018). Queued up in the honours digital checkin queue. Only to be bumped by another queue for some reason?!? They room the hotel had auto-assigned me on the earlier digital checkin was marked as dirty and not available... after waiting for the room to be inspected I was then allowed to access.   This is a very strange hotel. Perhaps too big :( ",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel near Hyde Park & Shopping Strip,Stayed two nights in this hotel on a girly trip to London. Hotel was just perfect for us. It was located close to Hyde Park (approximately 10 min walk) and 2 minute bus journey to the shopping strip (Oxford Street). We would definitely return again for a short trip to London Town.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Resonable Hotel In City,"The Hotel is bit older and need to be rennovated to the old wings. We reached late around 2200 hrs to hotel on 21st Aug 18. The hotel was running very full. We had booked for double bed room, but unfortunately the hotel provide us with the 2 seperate bed for couple and the FO appologies and ensure they will change our room next day and give us the complimentary access to Executive lounge. However we were even tired and didnt like to keep bothering same time and hence we left to room. The room was very very poor and very very small where it seems to be single room where they put 1 more rollaway bed. We were tired so we manage for the night. They made the changes of our room next day which was better then the last night. The Breakfast in morning is ok. Some selections are there…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Kss,"Rooms are awful - my room had two single beds, which were so small my feet hung off the end. I couldn’t sleep and each time I rolled over feared falling off the bed.  Find an alternative hotel in the area.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staff,Stayed with friends on 8th September 2018. Booking in staff very good. Bar staff and restaurant staff were very poor very slow service. Next time I’m in London I think it’s time for a change of hotel.,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money,"I am a Hilton Honors silver member.  Admittedly that doesn't get you much, but it should get you a decent room.  I arrived early -- 1:30 pm on a 3 pm check-in time -- and was quite kindly give a room, but it was clearly the worst room in the house.  Right across from the elevator, with two twin beds (I had requested a king, but whatever), and only one working light.  The bathroom shows significant water damage, the carpet is dirty, and it is impossible to walk from the desk to the bathroom (past one of the bed platforms) without slamming your shins into the corner of the bed.    This place is not cheap -- over $200 US/night, pre-paid.  You can do better.  I stayed here once before at a conference and was given a nice room, but I will never stay here again.  And oh yes -- I look…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shabby and uncared-for,"The place isn’t actually bad, but it’s seriously underwhelming. My room was clean enough, but in dire need of TLC. The bath panel was partially detached and had scruffy paintwork. Bathroom grouting stained pink by mould. Very difficult to get water below scalding (my colleague’s room couldn’t supply water cool enough to use). Shower head wouldn’t stay pointed towards the (tiny) bath.  The television could manage two Russian channels and one In Italian. English not available.   Only two usable power sockets, neither of which was near the bed. All lights switched individually, which is mildly irritating. The standard lamp - which used a 1950s-style round pin plug - was unplugged and could only be plugged in by moving furniture.  The faux leather desk chair was very worn, with the…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Central hotel,"I stayed here on business and enjoyed my exec room. The exec lounge was busy in the evening, but less so for breakfast. Helpful and efficient staff at the front desk. Immediate area isn’t great, but the central location on Edgeware Rd was handy.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Bed made of brick, one useable power outlet","Stayed in the East Wing for an on-site conference, and I won't be back. Management either needs to reduce the room rates or invest in making the rooms more visitor-friendly.  The king-size bed is hard as a brick, and it has a raised, hard spine up the middle of it.  Finding a comfortable spot to sleep was  impossible.  My colleagues who also stayed at the Metropole told me their beds were horribly uncomfortable, too.  I think the floor would have been more comfortable.  It's an old hotel, and is showing its age. Of the 3 available power outlets (one of which is in the bathroom), only one was usable with a power adapter. The other two outlets had configurations I've not seen before - Not UK, EU or AUS/China, that's for certain.   I couldn't even use the hotel-provided hair dryer…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton I have stayed at,"This Hilton has seen its best days and it seems like the owners are trying to earn as much as they can and not refurbishing the hotel. Stayed 1 night for business, room is very dated and worn. Bathroom had broken lamps and tons of dust in the ventilation. Communal bathroom was a disgrace, dirty, some toilets without seats and locks that didn't work.  The location is great and that is probably why people still stay here. I would look elsewhere and for £200 there are plenty of other options in London.",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired and dingy room - not worth £200 a night!,"Stayed here on business. Staff very helpful and food good, but the room was dreadful. Stayed on the 2nd floor of the Tower Block, as you step out of the lift all appears clean and modern. But my room was found in a back corridor, and as you went through the door into the corridor, there was an overpowering smell of stale cigarettes. Not sure if it has seeped into the carpets over time. Thankfully, smell does not reach into the room but the room was tired, dark and dingy, seriously overdue for refurbishment, with a rock hard bed. At  over £200 a night, I won't be staying here again",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,greate place to stay in London,"greate place to stay on london greate family rooms . we were in the family room 2 double beds and a sofa. greate breakfast- everything you can think of/ or want'- also for children. very close to public transportation: including underground and busses. 14 minute walk to oxford st, but public transport is best recomended! supermarket just across the street. pool- the kids loved it. greate consierge-  very helpful amd kind. include all staff- very nice!",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My stay in Hilton London Metropole,"The staff were polite, efficient and professional. The room was spacious, clean and very comfortable. Unfortunately, they did not provide any disposable slippers. It is very close to the tube. As it is located along Edgware Road, one would be spoilt for choice for middle eastern food. Marks and Spencer is just across the street. One can take a leisurely stroll to Marble Arch and Oxford Street where there is shopping galore. The breakfast is really fantastic. The quality is excellent and the spread is unbelievable. I stayed in 7 different hotels during this trip to Britain and none of their breakfast came anywhere close to Hilton's. It certainly was the highlight of my stay.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London - convenient location,At hotel for a Congress and it is relatively modern lobby and rooms. Large room and bathroom with 2 queen beds.  Windows in room could use a cleaning as some smudges along inside all over window from somebody looking out. rest is in good order and clean. Convenient location to walk to Paddington station (10 minutes walk) and to Hyde Park.  Right in midst of middle eastern village and fantastic food.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No!,"I booked this hotel because of the location while i was on a short stop over in London. I usually don't like staying at the Hilton Hotels with the exception of the Conrad of course. And this experience was the icing on the horrible cake. Check in was slow and the staff were pretty much just trying to get it over with me and move onto their next guest. The room was tiny, tired and dingy and the breakfast buffet was bleh. I spent 1 night, booked my old favourite, the Royal Lancaster and moved into my beautiful, clean and modern but small room there. I was glad i made that move. If you like clean, comfortable and bright airy type rooms, stay away from the Hilton Metropole.",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good,this is by far one of the best hotels when it comes to luxury please visit with your friends and family and be rest assured that you are going to receive the best quality Hospitality from the staff and the Hilton group is known for that,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good for large family,"Brought myself, wife and 3 children.  All five of us fit in a room, though it was tight quarters.  Rooms were acceptable, not top notch, but they served their purpose.  Hotel price was reasonable.  Service in general was slow at the hotel bar and restaurants, and often times you would just see staff playing on phones and talking to each other.  Location was good, right off Edgware Road, on the Circle Line and Bakerloo lines for many sights.  Walking can take it's toll to Parliament Square.  Overall, I would recommend, but I would say 3-4 star service overall.  Good value with included breakfast(must pay in advance).  Would stay again, but I would recheck my options if I visited London again. ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Newly refreshed room, great breakfast, good bars and loads of sockets","I have stayed here before and did not really like the room, this time I had a recently refurbished room - nice and bright, good size, good shower and two sockets by each side of the bed, and also by the mirror; so you can charge phone and tablet and use them both in bed (which ought to be standard); great range at breakfast and there are lots of bars. Nice place",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton on Edgware Rd,"Very current and contemporary hotel. The decor in the lobby feels fresh with good amenities on offer.  3/4 hotel rooms have been refurbished - request for this  Restaurant selection is limited especially for lunch  On Edgware..... If you turn right from exiting hotel and move in this direction, the chain of outlets get better  ",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay again,"Fab view from our room and great breakfast however lots of broken items in room, no water pressure from shower, hairs in bedding, unhelpful reception staff. Food was pricey but good, gin bar was a nice touch, wouldn't go again as too large and literally just a number.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average Stay,"We booked into this hotel for three nights. We had booked a king room but were given a twin. The room was very spacious. The two queen size beds took a lot of space unnecessarily.   The hotel is well located and is ideal for shopping with convenient buses going to shopping areas such as Oxford street and Knightsbridge.   The hotel is very large which makes it very impersonal.  The beds were not comfortable. The mattresses squeeqed.   A major issue is cleanliness.  Rooms are very superficially cleaned. The housekeeping staff were bored, demotivated and careless. It seemed they had instructions not to change bed linen.  Hussain Redha",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and staff,"Really liked our stay at this fabulously located hotel.  Two minutes from the tube with a bright and attractive lobby.   Staff were welcoming and check in was easy.    The room was large, with two double beds, and well laid out.  Although not perfect and with some dated touches, I would stay there again in a shot.    I love this area of London, having lived nearby many years ago, and this vibrant and convenient location added to the experience.  Not peaceful outside but extremely central.    This was not a cheap stay, but the full value became clear at the excellent breakfast.  Great choice and all the food was of wonderful quality. I am vegan and had plenty to choose from!  This is a great place to stay if visiting central a London.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Bad Service ,Stayed there for 5nights and it was a mistake.  Despite the issues we faced with the broken TV in the room and the slow room service.. the reception staff attitude is awful and there is no communication between departments in this hotel   I will never stay there again ,Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Access to room,"A shabby hotel in need of an upgrade. The electronic keys to the doors never work, and hours are wasted trying to get into your room. Phones on the landing do not work, so you have to wait on the lift to get to reception for a new key. Waiting for the lift to arrive can waste another hour of your life. The air conditioning in my room was ineffective. The swimming pool was small and it was difficult to see the bottom.  The gym was very small and busy. Not impressed with hotel, but in a great location ",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pay £380 to make your own bed - worst in customer service,"I have stayed in this hotel in the past and service wasn't great but didn't cause me stress but this latest 2 night stay on business is the worst ever.  I left my room at 7.30am and went to my meetings upon my return my room hadn't been made at all so I called to speak to a ""Magic Agent"".  I waited 15 minutes before a girl answered and said sorry I will send someone to clean your room.  I waited 20 minutes and no one came, I couldn't change or shower in case someone came.  I rang the Magic Agents again and a further 10 minute wait to speak to another person.  I complained and was more forceful this time.  Woman came after 5 minutes and finally made my bed and replaced towels, she didn't ask or bother to clean or vacuum the floor.  20 minutes later while I was on a business call…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The Rack House,We received a warm welcome from Scott and the service and food was fantastic. Not a huge menu to chose from but reasonable price and quality food. Wonderful friendly staff too who were very polite and helpful ,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid East Tower,"My son and I stayed in the East tower, on the 5th floor. Room smelled of smoke, had cigarette burns on the carpet, bed was creaky and hard and the view was of the elevators and the roof of the swimming pool. The bathroom shower door was pulling away from the wall, leaked water all over the floor, maid forgot to give us toilet paper.  Badly injured homeless man camping outside the door and the hotel was so busy that the lobby had nowhere to sit at times. Breakfast was great, plenty of choice, room was quiet, and staff were friendly and spoke many languages. Tube really close, 3 underground lines, Marks and Spencer food hall across the road. Really close to Paddington and Heathrow Express. Have a feeling there are better rooms.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disgusting pool and changing areas,"We have stayed in this hotel many times.  This is the first trip when I can honestly say I didn't enjoy the hotel.  The pool didn't look overly clean, the steam room was shut and the ladies changing room was an absolute disgrace. Dirty wet towels flung on the floor, empty bottles of shampoo lying about and  the showers were dirty. I did highlight this to the staff at the pool.  Our room was standard Hilton, been out all day, returned later in the day to find the room was only just being cleaned!  Won't be rushing back as there are far nicer hotels with pools than this one.",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, very big and excellent service","I was pleasantly surprised how good this hotel was, as it was so large sometimes service can be diluted however it was really great service. From check in to breakfast, every member of staff couldn’t do enough to ensure my stay was stress free. Lovely rooms with great facilities, breakfast was really good and evening meal was pleasant.  I would recommend this hotel which also enjoys a great location. Plus gym and swimming pool was very welcome whilst away on business. I will return! ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pleasure Trip,Found the Hilton Metropole to be adequate.The first room we were in was very small.Couldnt move when the luggage on the floor.But it was clean and the staff were very helpful and polite.We were upgraded the second stay and the room was huge and lovely.Very convenient.Restaurants in and around the hotel.Found Little Venice up a couple of blocks.Very pretty,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good central location to stay in a rather smart looking hotel,good central location with convenient transport links and quite a few lovely restaurants nearby. Oxford Street shopping area is a 10 minutes' walk. If you enjoy Lebanese or Arabic cuisines this will be heaven. Hyde Park and museums and art galleries in Mayfair or Kensington are all within walking distance ,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing and Memorable stay,Amazing stay will definitely stay there again and again . It was just like our second home. But the people at front desk should be a little more friendly and supportive. The breakfast was excellent and the staff was very supportive. Housekeeping staff was too good. I will suggest my friends and family to stay there.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent customer service,"My husband & I are staying here for 3 nights. We arrived today 3 hours before check in time but Davide on reception managed to find us a room straight away so that we didn’t have to wait, which was fantastic. Not only that, but my husband turned 30 two days ago & when I told Davide I was treating him to this London trip for his birthday, Davide arranged for us to use the Executive Lounge PLUS gave us complementary breakfast for every morning of our stay. We were absolutely blown away by his kindness. We haven’t even left yet & we’re already planning our next trip back! Thank you Davide for making our stay so special.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Value for money Hotel,"Very good location, near center, clean, very polite staff, value for money, nice restaurant, very close to Oxford street and 1 minute walk from Edgware street station and very close to Paddington station.  ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This is not a at all a good Hotel. Very poorly maintined and OLD,"Old rooms, broken  bathrooms, extremely poor quality bed, noisy A/c, smelly corridors and rooms. Staff not very helpful. We were move to 3 different rooms in one day due to all of the above issues. Doubletree at Bath road is 1/3rd cost of this and way better location.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor room service and front desk staff attitude is very arrogant,"The fornt desk staff are arroganet and are not friendly. the lobby is crowded all the time and people jumping queses. We had an issue n the room and they attended the issue after 45 min (the only response we got ""they will come shortly!!""",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Experience,"Overall the hotel stay was a good experience. Breakfast spread in the restaurant was good and tasty. Room size is a problem, rooms are very small if you are planning a stay with family. Bathtub provided in the bathroom was very small. The biggest plus for this property is it’s location,  with two tube stations in the vicinity along with Paddington station. Hyde park in the vicinity is another major plus for health enthusiasts, they can easily go for morning walks while staying at this property. Shopping enthusiasts can walk down to Oxford street and Regent street for high street shopping.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family London Trip,"We just spent 7 days in London and picked this Hilton based on the availability of family rooms. Over the last couple of weeks before the trip, I kept looking at the various reviews and was very nervous that the hotel wouldn't fit our needs based on all the negative reviews!  Thankfully, I didn't need to be nervous! Check in was a breeze and a room was available before typical check in time. It's a big hotel with lots of families, restaurants and activity. Our room was fine, not fancy or huge - 2 queen beds and pretty fast wireless. We didn't spend too much time in the room so it fit our needs. We had breakfast included in our package and I was very impressed by the selections, cleanliness and service. We ordered room service several times and the food was great and quick…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The totally unexpected ,"It's not my first. And will be the last   ....as you as a tourist you need to relax ,To find good service   good meeting. Nice rooms well equipped and good air conditioning specially nowadays at this month  and as well not to waste your time  but what we faced and find was the unexpected   Though they changed our room but delay in check in to the new room by about 3-4 hours was a waste of time  And  to find that. The safe box broken and you await the polite technician to fix it is another problem  And next day it's broken   Refrigerator are not operating    They change it and no place except near the door of the room   Real miss   Problem is that you can't reach the hotel director in charge of on duty.  Every one is a boss   Complaint are delt with by front desk or guest…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,it is a gr at hotel. The room we took was quite big and it was enough for the kids to put their toys and play before they sleep. The food was good too. Staff were friendly. Although the hotel is located on A40 and edgeware road but its a 15min walk to oxford street on edgware road. Edgeware road is full with arabic shops and restaurants that stays open upto midnight and some them close after that. Edgeware toad station is 2min away from the hotel.,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What a shocker!,"The only thing that saves this hotel from a score of zero was the helpful check in reception and the comfortable bed. We had stayed at this hotel for a few days in 2015 and a week in 2016 and were looking forward to enjoying our stay. The room facilities are in extremely poor condition - no working fridge (I was told there was none available to replace due to full occupancy however rooms were still available on the hotel website). We were offered an ice bucket  with ice to keep our items cold, and up came a polystyrene cup of ice. The bathroom was really tiny (executive king room)  with mould in ingrained around the bathtub and tiles. The wooden door frame was rotten at the base.  On our second night, the bathroom towels and soap were not replaced, ironically after an hour and 3…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room could have been better..,"We’re hilton gold and booked an executive room but when we arrived we were allocated a low floor overlooking an M&S out the front of the hotel. We asked for a move and eventually ended up on the 18th floor but the room, although recently modernised, was small. We stayed here as we were attending events at Paddington, Hammersmith and Wimbledon and the hotel was well located for underground public transport access to these areas.    The breakfast room felt too small to accommodate so many guests and so we had a bit of a wait to be seated on our first day. So we decided to use the executive lounge for breakfast for the rest of our stay.  The executive lounge staff were all very friendly and helpful and we enjoyed some predinner drinks in the lounge before heading out for meals. The…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Spare yourself the disappointment ,"Far from Hilton standard, extremely disappointed from check in to check out.. as others have said better hotels far cheaper close by..  this hotel is dated and has no respectful customer experience.. I paid for two nights in executive room with lounge access, what a waste of money children not allowed in executives lounge after 5pm and breakfast a shambles, no bread, vegetable sausages, hash browns, orange juice and cups or glasses.. are they serious?!?! They didn’t serve a proper pork sausage in my two nights stay.. so had jam on toast?  Breakfast with upgrade to executive is shocking  Expensive hotel where no staff have the courtesy to remember your name or even speak to you, we were just a number.. I would never return again even if they paid me.. hospitality none existent.…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Clean, good price, ok AC","Hotel is clean & near subway; very good location (central London). The staff is professional and courteous. I would recommend this hotel. The only downside is that the air conditioner is a little weak. The pool, sauna and fitness room are a nice bonus. Near 24 hour convience store.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I was travelling alone so chose this hotel because of its proximity to the tube station. As it happened, Edgeware Rd itself was so busy that I felt perfectly safe walking back all the way from Marble Arch as late as 11 at night, so I didn’t actually use the tube as often as I thought. This was during a particularly hot July mind you, so may not be like that all year. That said, the location feels very safe for a woman travelling alone.   The public areas of the hotel have obviously had a lot of money spent on them, but my room was a little tired and could do with some refurbishment. It did look as if some floors had been updated so hopefully it’s just a matter of time until they’re all done.   I was in a south facing room on the 21st floor, which had great views over the London…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,DO NOT TRUST GREEN MOTION!,"Absolute bandits!!!! And rude. Avoid at all costs!!!  Booking looked low costs, but they rinse you out on extras.  They gave away the car we booked and charged us 3 times the price for a replacement. Never tried to call us. Never told us that was possible up front. Then they fined us for a late return - because we waited in the garage rather than went to the office - when we followed their explicit instructions to do that!  So, aggressive and rude on the phone.  Never again.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient hotel,"This was our fourteenth (coach trip) visit to the Hilton, Edgware Road, (Friday 10th – Sunday 12th August).  Unfortunately our room (No. 204) in the Tower was again a disappointment; we were looking at a wall about 10ft from our window and had no view at all apart from air conditioning units for the leisure complex.  I suggested changing but we thought that it was not worth it as we were only there for a short stay. During our stay there were problems with the bank of 4 lifts serving the tower.  One was out of order then, at one stage, two others were stuck so it was chaos as everyone tried to use a single lift.  Normally, because we were on the second floor we would not have used the lifts but the staircase was hidden away, nowhere near to the lifts – what type of architect…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Take your chances ,"We were given keys to someone else’s room, which wasn’t a good start. We were in a big group and there were numerous problems. The biggest problem is that they don’t know how to deal with complaints, they should, as they have lots of them! Dated hotel so they rely on location and conferences to keep the hotel full, and I guess that works as the hotel was full last night. So I guess they don’t need your business so don’t bother giving it them if you don’t need to!!",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Eighties dump,A hotel with great location right in the heart of Paddington. Do not expect any hospitality and the rooms are out of the eighties. Please do respond to my comments if you feel different. Please agree if you feel the same. I bet my last buck it will be the latter. This is the type of accommodation you expect at a 50 dollar ramada inn on the back of a highway.,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mr ,"Day one the room was decrepit , the bathroom falling apart , day 2 ordered drinks at 1.37 am was told within 30 mins I would have my drinks , at 2.20am called back told 5 mins , at 2.55 am called back still on hold at 3.04 am !!! Talk about being treated disgracefully ",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth,Not worth of money. There are better hotels than this at the price. Booking experience awful. Whatever promised were nit delivered . I am done with my hilton honors membership. Will not waste my money again .,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful - This is not Hilton Quality,"I went on a trip to England and Scotland, staying primarily in Hilton’s. The Metropole in London was the last stop. I had read good reviews and expected the same quality as Hilton usually provides. I was sorely disappointed!!!  Turns out that if you stay in the East tower it’s awful. It was dingy, musty and the sink didn’t even drain. I switched to the Hilton Paddington. Now that was a fabulous location with much better quality. ",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Central,"The hotel is clean and very central. We stayed over the weekend. Personal were friendly the food was average. It is an average hotel so don't expct anything. Cleaning was ok. They probably need to update the furniture,",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent service - thank you,"I have been loyal to Hilton for many years and this hotel always recognises this when possible. This time we were given an upgrade to an Exec Double, with access to the lounge. A very kind gesture and enjoyed the complimentary food/drinks. The check in was also very friendly, as was the general service throughout.   Overall the hotel is perfect if you want to stay somewhere with a bit of atmosphere and a couple of good bars (lounge / sky bar) for before and after dinner.   The hotel is affordable if you book early and the higher spec rooms are of a good standard. Overall enjoyed my stay and will be back if in the area.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,You will never see me again!,"Where do I start, 200 characters is not enough!  - Finally checked in to our 3rd bedroom. Smoking rooms offered, broken beds and curtains hanging off the rail offered, uncleaned rooms offered. Check in really tried to accommodate my needs and did upgrade me to a newly refurbished room, thankfully, eventually. Breakfast staff rude. Check out staff very rude. Don't ask me if i had a nice stay if you are not interested! No further follow up has taken place as also promised as I questioned my bill. Just not good enough Hilton, I'm silver member, boarder line Gold and you are not encouraging me to book another Hilton, ever!  - Don't even get me going re the sky bar, don't waste your time visiting.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not to usual Hilton Standards...,"Having stayed in most Hilton’s across London, we were thoroughly disappointed with our stay at the Metropole.   We are accustomed to Hilton representing a good reliable standard... our recent stay was anything but.  To highlight a few issues:  Older rooms in disrepair Toppers coming off sideboards - as we were staying with an infant, these hazards posed a serious risk TV and fridge not working AC barely functioning  Carpet filthy  The only saving grace was the hotel location and breakfast... + the fact that the quality of the room encouraged us not to stay in it!  Staff tried to be helpful, offering to let us keep our room or change us to a queen room, with no other kings available. Unfortunately, this meant that there would be no space for our little one, so there wasn’t really…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cramped and noisy,"We stayed at the Hilton Metropole for 2 nights when visiting London to go to Lord's cricket ground. We usually stay at the Landmark but thought we'd give the Hilton a try instead. The room was lovely but the noise from 2 families in nearby rooms was awful - crying, screaming and shouting into the early hours of the morning, causing me to call customer service at 1am to complain. And breakfast is crazy busy with lots of queuing. It honestly felt like a hostel. The landmark is more expensive but we'll be returning there from now on. This particular Hilton is way too big to offer a decent and attentive service.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel when visiting London,Stayed here while visiting london for a friend's birthday. The hotel is ideally located beside a tube station. The rooms are clean and spacious. Didnt get the opportunity to try the leisure facilities. Staff are helpful. Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and spacious,"Stayed two nights at this location and my room was spacious with good AC. My room view was not fabulous - just a roof top and adjacent apartments. Comfortable bedding, chairs and lighting. Bathroom and shower was good - no issues. Once showered, I couldn’t find the hairdryer. I called the front desk and after 3 calls it finally arrived. Once it arrived and i got it plugged in, while it had 3 speeds and 3 heat settings, it only had one capacity ... low and cool. Ugh! It took foreverrrrr to dry my long hair. My only complaint was to dryer - no big deal. The hotel was great! ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location but service not always up-to the Hilton standard ,"As a family we have been staying at the Metropole whenever we visit London for years now, it is a busy hotel but the location is hard to beat. Service is not to the Hilton standard you may expect, they did a recent refurb but the rooms still look a bit dated in my view. The family room is nice and spacious and can easily accommodate 6, with the use of the sofa bed. On our most recent trip we had checked in via the Hilton app and selected our room, but on arrival were told it was not  ready, and given a similar sized room on a different floor, when we went I. The bathroom had an nasty smell that was not something that you could clean up, we then went back to reception and asked for the room we had actually reserved via app checking but were told it was not ready. After some delay…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large and modern,"If you are looking for a large and modern hotel, this could be a good choice. Don’t expect any historical charm inside or out of he hotel. The location is good to jump on the tube or to take the Heathrow Express from Paddington though.  The hotel is massive, and there are tons of options for food and drink. The bar on the 23rd floor is really nice, and the views are hard to find in London like this.  Service was good, and a highlight was how welcoming and helpful the front desk clerk  was on check in. There are 3 different towers, and he was helpful in showing me around quickly.  My room left much to be desired though. The room was old and tired looking. The sink was cracked, the shower curtain worn out and the shower head would not stay in place.  There were no usb outlets and…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel with great location,"First of all great location for everyone that wants to be in central london. We had a 5-10 minutes walk to Oxford street and less then 5 minutes to underground, edgware road. We had a great stay. Very helpful staff. Cleaning was done everyday. There was a few resturants in the hotel and a lovely skybar. Its a busy hotel but overall we had a good time. The room were good and spacious and a good view.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel.  Easy/convenient location, clean.","Overall the hotel was very nice.  Clean, and lobby was great.  Location was close to an easy tube stop on the central line, which was excellent.    Room was fairly small, but adequate and nice.  Bed was a little hard, but fine.    Initially had asked for two queens, but they offered us two adjoining king rooms, which we took, for the extra bathroom and ability to separate from kids.    Breakfast buffet was great and worth the additional monies.  ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Double beds, WiFi excellent breakfast buffet","We are Hilton gold members and stay at Hilton properties in many countries. In London a room to sleep 4 is difficult to find. This fit the bill as it was conveniently located an easy walk with suitcases from Paddington Station (our preferred way to exit Heathrow via the TFL). The location was ideal, the room was tired but clean. Not what I typically think of as Hilton.  The complimentary breakfast buffet was the highlight of our stay. It was the best we remember from any Hilton property.   The staff was friendly when I needed the nonexistent business center to print some documents. At first they had me email the documents to the guest services desk but in the end, allowed me to use the computer in the executive lounge. It worked but was not ideal.  ",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"""Great location, excellent customer sercice""","I'm in London 3-4 times a year on business and always stay at The Hilton Metropole Hotel. As a Hilton Gold Member, i am usually upgraded to a nicer room. The agents at the front desk are always courteous and respectful. On my recent visit, I did not like the room I was given, and I was upgraded to an Executive Room. The buffet breakfast on the first floor has many choices, and the food is good. I keep coming back.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Functional,"I only came here because the room booked for me near Marylebone Station had been unbearably hot and impossible to work or sleep in. I was probably lucky to find anywhere local to the venue for my training course. The room here had a ‘cooling system’ which was one up on the previous place but didn’t seem to have the attributes of AC. I was able to sleep and able to do some work although the shinny top of the mini desk was too slippery for my mouse. The TV was not fixed to the wall but balanced atop an old unit which looked once to have maybe contained a booze fridge. The bathroom was OK but in the morning I discovered the hairdryer only blew cold which I only discovered when my hair was wet, too late to get to reception to beg for a swop. I didn’t eat in during the evening but…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Needs updating, worn out Hotel ","We stayed for 3 nights and were very disappointed with Hilton.  The rooms need complete upgrading, the hallways were dirty and smelled so bad.  We booked two tours from the concierge and they both turned out to be a bad quality service.  This is a 4 star rating hotel but it should be rated as two.  The front desk people tried their best to accommodate but the facilities itself are old and need improvement . Also the location is across from a tube station but Not in a good area of London.  Would never stay here again  ",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The Metropole is in a great location, about 20 min walk from the Marble Arch and all the hop-on, hop-off buses.  Rooms are small (no surprise there) but adequate.  Check in, check out was prompt.  There is a concierge in the lobby to aid in sightseeing, including those hop-on buses.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK HOTEL,"What I would describe as an ok hotel without being anything exceptional.  Its true I was booked in on a coach tour so the room was probably not the best.. I was in the Tower block 5th floor and just looked out to what looked like a central heating unit - dreadful.  As only there overnight I did not bother to move.  Room comfortable enough - things like the fridge that once supported the mini bar removed.  Bathroom pokey and with black around part of the shower and door.  The public rooms on the ground floor are much better with some nice bars etc.  I used the restaurant on the 23rd floor think it was and it was awful, like eating in a canteen and had to send some stuff back, have reviewed elsewhere.  Breakfast in the main restaurant was ok, but extremely busy so bit hectic.  The…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large, modern, hotel near Paddington","I have stayed here several times, for business, and pleasure.  I like the clean, modern, decor, and location - near Paddington, and Edgware Road tube station.  The reception staff are always helpful, and welcoming, something you need in a large hotel, it adds a personal touch.  The rooms are best in the East Wing, although all are acceptable.  Some of the Tower Wing rooms need some attention and modernisation.  The pool area too is a little dated, and needs upgrading.  Breakfast is good, with plenty of choice, and helpful servers.  Bar area is modern and attractive.  I would stay again.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great deal in upper class hotel,"We got a good deal for a 4 person family room. Our stay was pleasant, the hotel is clean and in a good location with Edgware Road tube station only minutes away. Recommended for families or travelers looking for somewhat more upper class lodgings than your average London hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,it‘s good for families,"We had a family room, 2 Queensize beds, in the west wing tower, 11th floor. There was enough space to move around and to store stuff. The matrasses were good but a litte noisy when moving. The lighting was very good. We didn‘t use the big TV.  The furnishing, dark wood color and the purple carpet looked outdated but were in good condition. The cleanliness was good especially in the bathroon, only below the beds the carpet could need more attention. The Bathroom is of older date with a bathtub shower which is lacking a bit of water pressure. Everything else was just working fine and in good condition.  The hallway is smelling mouldy and definitely needs some major attention. Wallpaper with a lot of stains and coming loose here and there and a spotty carpet are not inviting.…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service. Efficient and Courteous,"I hired a car from Green Motion located at the Hilton London metropole Edgeware Road. My experience was nowhere near similar to those of other reviewers. I found the staff pleasant, courteous and efficient and the process of hiring a car and completing the paperwork  easy. I returned the car on 6 August and I was in and out of the car hire office in 10 minutes flat thanks to Sean. Well done guys. I weil definitely be using you again.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing service,Another great stay at hilton metropole with outstanding service from the executive lounge team shaddi Joshua and Adriana always going out of there way. Service at it's best.  Stay made enjoyable and stress free,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Herb & Kitchen  London Hilton Metropole,The staff of the Herb & Kitchen are so lazy that they cannot lift the chairs when rearranging them - they drag the heavy chairs on the wooden floors making a horrendous noise.  The staff seem to get their thrills out of doing this.  For a Hilton hotel this is way below standards of how a 4/5* hotel should be operating even if it is one of their subcontracts such as the Herb & Kitchen.,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Rooms need updating, but clean","I booked this hotel because I was traveling with my sister and niece and this was one of the few hotels available with 2 double beds. The room and bathroom were pretty large, what one would expect at a hotel in the States). They were both also very clean, just worn. For instance just at the entrance the carpet really needs replacing. I made the reservation through the Hilton's app and that was very straightforward and easy, but my sister arrived first and checked us in saying that the process was easy and straightforward. We had room service for breakfast and one order wasn't correct but we kept it to stay on schedule, everything was really tasty. The location was super convenient as Edgware station (2 different lines/entrances) was just across the street and Paddington was…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very convenient location,"This was my third trip to London, and each time, I've stayed at a different hotel.  This wasn't the best one, but it wasn't the worst. The good stuff: This hotel is VERY convenient if you plan to use public transportation.  It's about a block and a half from the Edgware Road tube station, which is part of quite a few Underground lines. So we had direct rides to many attractions. Our check in process was very smooth, and the staff was always very nice to us and attended to our needs.  The breakfast (I received it free with my hotel status) was very good.  There was an excellent selection of food. The not so good stuff: As others have mentioned, the bed was quite hard.  However, I've found that to be the case in multiple hotels across England.  We were there during a very warm…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sadly my first bad review ,"Now first things anyone who knows me I hate conflict, badness and reading poor reviews...   But unfortunately for the first time ever I’m going to have to right one.  I will start off with negatives and end on positives.  Paid for an upgrade to executive room to find walking along to room 628 left out room service food outside my door flies and all.  Got In the room to find a very outdated room - carpets stained and bathroom that hadn’t had toilet flushed and in the shower a soaking wet towel!!!   Surely if you’re paying extra you’d get a better room???   Positives the reception staff put up with a load of crap when it’s really not there fault (remember people it’s management who are to blame) and concierge very good  This is the second disappointing Hilton I six months (Hilton…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what I expect ,"Room size was ok, bed very uncomfortable, no air-con just  a fun system, the room was really warm. The hotel does not offer complementary water, for the price you pay it would be the minimum they could offer you. The toilet is really small, the shower splashes water all over the place. Avoid if you can, london has a big variety of hotels.  Also I requested and payed for a no smoke with king bed, and ended up stating in a two beds room as they did not have the non smoke room.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible ,"I stayed at the hotel 1 week for business reasons. My company selected this hotel unfortunately. The rooms are old and not well maintained. the furniture is old, holes in the wall ( i think they move the furniture and without fixing the walls ). I sent my clothes to the laundry and now i realized that all of them have stains due to the dry clean process. I had a terrible week and now my clothes is totally damage 😡",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Check in experience!,"The experience thus far has been terrible. I landed early morning around 9 am , understood room was not ready . I was offered a more expensive room immediately which I declined. I was then offered a standard room which had no view and poorly located which I also decided and decided to wait for the allocated room . I returned after a few hours past noon to check if my room was ready . I was greeted with a smile that it was ready . As I picked the key I noticed it was the same room which  was  poorly located. That was strange that I was being palmed off to the same room after 3 hours of wait . When I brought this to their notice I was informed that checkin was past 3 and I needed to wait . I found it strange that I was being pushed to either upgrade my room or select poor room…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location and lobby, rooms need some refurb","Our family of four had two rooms in July 2018 during the UK heat wave.  We are Honors members and so always choose a Hilton with access to the Exec Lounge.  The rooms were pretty dated and the beds were not the usual Hilton quality.  The carpet was very faded, the shower tiny, and the A/C struggled to keep our room lukewarm during the heat.  Our kids had a room with two twin beds and their room was much better, more updated, the beds comfortable and the A/C working fine.  The Exec Lounge was just OK, the food was pretty basic compared to other Hilton properties and the large and rambling area was inconsistently furnished.   With all that said, the Metropole has a gorgeous lobby area with several very cool bars.  Very grand and old school and lovely.  We wished our rooms…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay with excellent customer service and management team ,"I stayed in this hotel for 8 nights, under my husband name Mr Mazen Hasna, occupying 2 rooms with my family. I have really enjoyed my stay. Special thanks to the reception manager Mr Darshit Mehta for his cooperation and understanding, and for the receptionist Mr Amir El-Sersawy for his help and patience.  The service in the breakfast was exceptionally organized, in spite of the huge number of people served.  I would definitely stay again and again in this hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very very disappointing rooms,"My family & I have just checked in for a 2 night stay at Hilton Metropole & the rooms are a huge letdown.  They do not resemble the pics on bookings.com, they are small, dated, jaded & claustrophobic.  We have asked to move to the newer tower (we are the Tower Wing), where the newer/modern rooms are, but have had our polite request declined.  At this point of our stay I would not recommend this hotel in the slightest.  Hugely misrepresentation on bookings.com - not happy at all. ",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A hotel of two halves,"It depends which tower they put you in, east or west, one is beautifully refurbished and clean, the other is smelly and damp. Also if you have Hilton elite status, they never upgrade you, I have stayed here over 30 times and it’s never happened.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very loud during the night but good value for money,"Have stayed in July in this hotel. It is a good value for money hotel. Good location, nice and clean rooms, several restaurants in the hotel itself, friendly service. The only problem of the hotel is - very thin walls and a lot of activity during the night. There are many big families staying in different rooms all over the hotel and all night long they visit each other. They speak in full voice, open and smash the doors loudly without taking into concideration that at 2am in the morning some people might be sleeping. Obviously, for people with standard healthy regime it can be very disturbing. This is the only but a serious negative aspect of the hotel in my view.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel,Have stayed here many times as a Diamond member. Always receive polite service and the entrance facilities and bar are now modified and very comfortable. The executive room was cool clean and spacious. The executive lounge has an excellent choice of food and can teach a lesson to the awful facilities at the Paddington hotel down the road. If in Paddington I would recommend this hotel always in preference to the sister hotel near the station,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room very disappointing ,"I have come here with my 5 year old daughter and the room is very disappointing for a Hilton hotel I was let down, bit dirty but rundown and key for room works occasionally 😩 not fun with a five year old! On the up side staff friendly and breakfast was great, would probably visit again as it’s handy for where we need to go but would definitely try a room upgrade 🤔",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,3 night stay,"Stayed in the Hilton Metropole for 3 nights from the 24th to the 27th of July 2018. This hotel is situated in a great location. Fabulous accommodation, food and staff. The room was standard but modern and clean. First time to visit London and I would have no problem staying in this hotel again. We got what we paid for.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Typical chain hotel , breakfast was help yourself , usual fare, it was ok ,nothing super about it but nothing bad, the room was ok , but we were there to sleep not to stay in all day, the customer service on reception was ok , friendly and were quick to answer any tourist related questions I asked . Bar was expensive but it's london and a hotel !! The bar man was nice and talkative ",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect for London,"This hotel is just perfect, I was amazed, speechless and astonished of how beautiful it is. It has everything, there's a nice bar on the top of the hotel and cool views. Our room had a nice bed, beautiful bathroom and the coolest views. I would love to go back!!!",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst,Not a good hotel refrigerator not working lights blinking ac not cooling bathrooms not good very old leaking everywhere call to help desk from room constantly busy no help from staff than y u r paying only location,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very bad experiment from the 1st hour,"Although the hotel receptionists were very kind and supportive I choked to find my room without AC and no fridge , even I reported to the room services they more than 1 hour to change my room.  This was the first ever experience I faced from the 1st day. Hope it will not repeat in the up coming staying day ",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Long waits and bad shower.,"Me and 3 other friends booked into the Hilton as it was relatively cheap considering it is in the centre of London. Upon arrival we waited ages to be seen at the reception and when we were seen the man at reception, named Mohammed was lovely but said that we couldn’t check into our room because the booking was under one of my friends step mum and she needed to be there. We rang her and he spoke to her on the phone but I felt like we weren’t told what we could do or what was going on. He was in and out of the room behind reception and we were left in the dark. When we were finally allowed to check in we were told our room wasn’t ready. So we came back hours later collected luggage and went to the room, the room was nice but I expected more from the Hilton, the shower head…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Would never stay here again!,"We booked this Hilton thro BA Holidays without prior research on both as I thought they are both world known airline and hotel chains! I was wrong! We arrived at the hotel & was shocked by the district it is located, nothing discriminative but it was a Little Middle Eastern town. The hotel is apparently for families from Middle East & a few Asians, we r unlucky as AC was not working & fans were lining up the corridor. As we opened the mini fridge, we were astonished it is empty & not cold! We called room service 4 times to get bottles of water to be delivered in 45 min. The bathroom was like from 1970s, white old tile, double lining shower curtain, rusty bottle opener by the sink, no slippers (I have to call in), wifi was charged on daily rate but free if you registered with…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient location. Could do better.,"Short family trip into London with an overnight stay. Came here a year ago and the hotel was very busy but handled it well. This time around was different - after a good day out, we arrived around 7.45pm to check in via the Hilton Honors Priority queue, this turned out to be a complete waste of time.  It took nearly 25 minutes to check in! I counted about 12 guests that wanted to check in, but only 2 check in staff on the front desk - no process in handling queues, as to who was next, it was a free for all. The Hilton Honors queue was not prioritised at all, so apart from a marketing program, I’m not sure why it was there. Further staff training is needed here so that the queues are managed more efficiently, and of course more staff are needed on the front desk.  First…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday Break at the Metropole,"We have recently returned from a 3 day visit celebrating my birthday.  Overall we found the visit enjoyable and most of the staff polite, friendly, helpful and professional. I had requested an early check in and the lady from Guest Relations was very helpful at check in, personally going to check that the room was ready for us. We found the room very comfortable and more than adequate for our needs with plenty of room. We had a superior room in the west Wing which I highly recommend.  Breakfast was very good each morning with staff professional and helpful. I always enjoy the breakfast in this particular hotel.  The only negative comment I can make about this stay is the standard of housekeeping seems to have dropped considerably. On entering the room I immediately noticed the…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Do not go there,"I visited fr business and had a family stay straight after   After hours travelling I was lied to misled and internal policies made my stay v unpleasant indeed - room couldn’t be rolled over due to policies so I had to check out and checked in wen my family arrived as I have a different surname so had to sit in the reception til they arrived   Unhelpful staff clearly focused on the cash not service   Average room with mould and broken items , old decor   Every aspect could do with improvement   I did use the business facilities and the team there were good I would say but the desk and so called magic team just are not magic   Try to get a proper hotel with good service and much better atmosphere - Hilton you just have to do better",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and nicely located,"We arrived at our hotel after a long and arduous flight from Vancouver to London.  Glad to be able to relax in a quiet and comfortable hotel.  Managed to find a grocery store nearby, within walking distance, to pick up some essentials that we'd forgotten.  Good breakfast each morning!  Friendly staff.  Enjoyed our stay.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,We were trapped on the elevators for more than an hour,On 7 July 2018 we were trapped in the elevators for more than an hour.  Hotel Staff was not allowed to sort out the situation.  An external contractor had to be called to release us. I consider this to be very unsafe and extremely inconvenient for all guests. The incident delayed our arrival to an important event.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great for families,"We chose this Hilton for 3 reasons 1）it was next to the tube and in front of a bus stop 2）only hotel I could find with 2 queen sized beds to fit a family of four 3) because of our kids we needed a pool.  The hotel was great for the money we paid. It was clean and spacious, spacious being a rarity in London. The kids enjoyed the pool and sauna. Just beware that if you have young children they do expect you to be in a bathing suit in the pool with them. Not just on the side with your clothes on even if your children are avid swimmers. The pool doesnt really have a shallow end so I can understand their policy. Only bad thing is that the women’s changing room really needed to be cleaned. I didn’t want to walk barefoot on that floor at all. Overall the stay exceeded my expectations.…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A king bed is not two twins pushed together...,"A king bed is NOT two twin beds pushed together, unless you're my grandparents. Seriously. I expected more from a Hilton property that cost about 250 American dollars per night. The views from rooms on the inside of the third floor face something that looks like the set of Metropolis...",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,About to fall apart,"I've been an Honor Diamond member for at least 10+ years in a row, usually spend over 120-150 nights a year in hotels around the world and got about 100 hotel reviews on TripAdvisor.  I appreciate hard-working hotel staff and am usually very generous in my reviews.  I've stayed at Hilton Metropole probably more than a dozen times.  I've got realistic expectations: it's no Ritz or Four Seasons.  The property is showing its age but I always put up with it for the convenience: a short walk to Paddington and three Tube lines.  I like the stroll along the canal and a longer walk to Hyde Park too.  But.... OMG is this Hilton falling apart or what!?  In this past trip, I was ""upgraded"" to an Executive room.  Multiple things didn't work: - Bathroom sink faucet valve is broken and stuck…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice clean facilities and professional staff,"Morning breakfast was very good and the staff was very accommodating.  They even had an expresso/cappucino machine to make what you wanted.  Busy location outside, but the train is just out in front of the hotel.  Room A/C could be a little cooler.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed in this Hilton property ,"I have been a Hilton Honors member for a number of years so I have an expectation of Hilton stays. This one fell very short. The lobby is the best part of the hotel. The area around the hotel is sketchy. The concierge gave us directions to a pub we walked and when we arrived it was closed until 7 for dinner. We walked around another 30 minutes looking for an alternative and ended back up at the hotel restaurant. Food was decent but it was an exhausting experience.  The hotel hallways were hot, the rooms were very hot. Despite leaving the AC running all night the room never cooled down. There were broken windows on corridors, dirty carpet, stained towels. We also had many language barriers with hotel staff.  Overall, I would never go back nor recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lack of Supervision,"We stayed in this hotel for 4 days and it was just okay. Location is really the best feature of this hotel as it is just seconds away from Subway and 5 min walks to Paddington station. Due to it's location hotel is always busy and it gives a dynamic look. Some of the staff in executive lounge and Tony from concierge is really helpful but some others do not even care. Room doors are equipped with a very old fashion technology in which you need to swipe your card to enter and it just does not work. Right speed, right angle right side has to be performed. Even the staff face difficulty to open the doors. You can see a room service tray in the alleyway at 9am in the morning and it is still there at 8pm. Manager of this hotel is taking the business granted. Hotel does not appear to…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel and Wonderful Staff.,Hilton London Metropole is a wonderful hotel that made my stay wonderful. The hotel is perfectly situated next to a Mark and Spenser and the staff are very friendly. Wonderful customer service and impeccable standard. This is on of the few hotels that makes me feel at home.Very very nice staff and rooms.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good overall experience for the family. Excellent location,"At 250 pounds per day for a family of 4, it was a decent experience. Breakfast was great value. I would say best price including breakfast would be 200 pounds per day. The location is excellent with subway closeby and all the restaurants around. Also Lord's cricket ground is closeby.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointed,"I have been a Hilton Honors member for many years, and I have almost always been very happy with the Hilton properties I have stayed in. This hotel has the potential to be an excellent hotel, however it fell very short for many reasons. I booked my reservation using Hilton points and then paid extra to stay in a “Family Queen- Premium room ( as stated on my reservation confirmation email) for myself, my elderly mother and my 15 year old son. The room description online was one queen bed, one twin bed, and a pullout sofa. However, when I checked in, I was told there was no room available with that description and that I had booked a room with one queen and  one twin. (Queen deluxe) I argued with the gentleman at check-in, showed him my confirmation and he finally said he would…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good business and tourist hotel with lots of facilities and well located,"Stayed one night with a tour group and was very happy.  Had a king bed in the refurbished tower that was very efficient and pleasantly decorated but not fancy. Lots of facilities in the hotel.  Very large hotel it seems.   Well located and a 10-minute walk from Paddington Station and plenty of restaurants nearby.  Very pleasant and efficient staff.  As a Diamond member had access to the lounge, which could have been bigger but was sufficient.  I think it gets lots of tour groups as well. Good choice if in London on business or a short stay.  Maybe better choices for a fancier vacation but I really enjoyed staying there. Cannot go wrong with this Hilton.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,"The hotel had nice amenities however the location is in a rather seedy area. It really didn't even seem like we were in England. The sports bar was nice however overpriced. Our room seem dated, was very small and smelled of mold oh and the carpet was filthy. The AC didn't really cool the room either. This is no four star hotel! I guess Hilton gives the tour companies (Globus) their worst rooms. At least Abbey Road studios was with walking distance.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely suite ,"Enjoyed our stay here, had a lovely suite on the 10th floor in the east wing with great views over the city. Amazing views too from Sky 23 bar quite impressive late evening when the city is all lit up. Reception staff very friendly & nothing too much trouble. Would stay here again",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just not quite right,Has a Vegas hotel edge without the fun. Just all a bit wrong. A place to sleep but not enjoy. Location not bad and not too expensive but no charm or swank to feel special. Nearer Edgware Road than Paddington.,Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Its very crowded during Summers,"Its a good hotel and all, the location is a few mins from main shopping at Oxford. They dont offer any complimentary water bottles in the room, however will offer you when you check in. Its a very happening hotel during night time as the bar tends to be open till late. Its very crowded during summers and checking in can take 25 to  30 mins. Over all I will give it 6.5/10. And oh yes... the Airconditioning is not that great. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A nice urban hotel within walking distance of Paddington Station,"Returning fr m a visit with family in the UK, my flight arrangements were such that I blew some Hilton points on a night at the Metropole.  Room was spacious and comfortable. I was in the East Tower.  The room power and light controls were a bit mysterious but I finally figured them out.  I had access to the Executive Lounge which was pleasant for breakfast. I had Dinner the first evening and Lunch the next day at the Bar.  The food selection at the bar was disappointing.  I would stay here again.  ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good breakfast - comfy bed - but it smells,This hotel in Paddington area is enormous. Breakfast spread is good - bed comfy - but rooms (stayed in tower wing) need an update - plus the room had a strange smell not fresh! Nice views from hotel rooms. ,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Steer clear!,"It may say “Hilton” on the sign BUT it is far from a Hilton that I am accustomed to. The A/C wasn’t working & for 3 days we complained along with everyone else. Finally got a fan but in our kids’ room they received a fan and there were no spare outlets to plug it in to. Refrigerators in both rooms did not work either. No ice on the floors so I asked for ice to be delivered each day. To date 5 days later, still have not rec’d ice.  What irks me is no reaction or communication in return. We had to keep asking multiple times each day.    Housekeeping is inconsistent, some days you get some of what you need and others you do not w/regard to towels. They leave the soiled plates in room as well. Even better, they turn the A/C off after cleaning your room.    TV? 5 channels so don’t…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not good value,"The hotel is a good location for the tube at Edgware and the rail station at Paddington.  The lobby was fine and the check in process also fine.  The issue with this hotel is the quality of the rooms.  Some have been renovated and others have not.  The price per night is much too high if you have to stay in an older room.   The first room they gave me smelled like fish and was very dark, dirty and worn carpet, and a small bed.  I was paying for a king room at $200 for the night.  I called the front desk and they moved me to a king room that had been renovated. I would book a room for more than $100 at this hotel unless they can guarantee you a renovated room.  There are so many hotels in London and you can find a better option for the price.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Definitely not staying here again.  Made my baby sick.,"1) I was given conflicting information about the mini-fridge in room.  I first checked and it seemed to be very slightly cold, so it was difficult to say it was working or not.  We kept our baby's milk in it thinking it was working.  Second day, my wife had doubts as the mini-fridge was still slighly cold and we didn't hear any noise that implied it was powered on.   I had called the hotel staff to find out, and they didn't confirm it was working or not, person I spoke to I think was Ibrahim.    We put baby's milk in it and after 3rd day, the milk went bad.  The milk may have gone bad even before we noticed it.  My baby fell sick and we had to rush to St Mary's hospital nearby, we were in London for vacation and not visiting hospitals. I spoke to hotel manager and he said none…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average.,Stay here because it was close to hyde park.  The hotel is ok.  But needs some modernization in places.  The edg bar.  The carpet is tread bare and coming apart in places .(trip hazard waiting to happen).  The sky 23. As good views of london but the drinks are really expensive.  Plus service charge.,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor room maintenance,"I've stayed here many times both on business and leisure activities and have always found it to be an OK HiIlton with efficient, friendly staff and decent rooms.  On this occasion I was allocated a room in the Tower wing - adequate enough King double although the fridge was not connected and even when plugged in didn't cool down!. On entering the bathroom, the overwhelming impression was of a run-down, seedy establishment - the bath panel was clearly old with paint  peeling from it in multiple places, I guess because guests left the bath curtain outside the bath. It really looked appalling.  How any half-efficient and professional management could leave this unattended is beyond me.  I mentioned to the desk who simply said, 'OK, we'll pass it on...' which didn't seem to me to be…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, friendly staff, comfortable rooms","Was seeing Clapton and Santana at BST in Hyde Park so perfect location as it was about 15 minute walk away, it's a huge hotel but smoothly run and the room was comfortable with a decent view (19th floor). Pubs off the Edgware Rd were closing at 10.30 on the Sunday night (???) so we resorted to the hotel bar which was a bit eye-watering price-wise but you don't really expect anything else in such a great location. Definitely stay again when coming up to London",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Concert in Hyde Park ,"I paid £169 pound for a Saturday night at the Hilton Metopole , the Hilton has a great reputation and considering I could of stayed the same location for £100 I was very disappointed with my stay. I have to say on entrance the reception and hotel bar look 4 star but the rooms are run down (curtains hanging off) plus the mattress was all but dead and in need of a change.  When I woke up I felt like I’d been sleeping on a rock floor ... such a shame as I had high hopes for the Hilton. I was booking a hotel for American next week and I can say this stay has swayed my vote.  ",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,5 stars for location,"This was perfect location for us as we were attending BST at Hyde Park. You are within walking distance of Hyde Park,Oxford St etc. It was £11 in a taxi from Euston station. We didnt pay extra for breakfast as there was loads of places nearby to eat at. The room was a decent size for the 4 of us.  We had a problem with the sink leaking on the first night but they quickly sent someone to sort it.  Visited the skybar which i didnt think was that great. The cocktail menu was poor and at nearly £50 for 4 drinks for me it wasnt worth it.  I would stay here again.  ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"I chose this hotel because of it great location. So it suited me perfectly. I've never stayed here before and had high hopes. I was upgraded to an Executive room, when I she it it was sure there must be some mistake as there was no way this was an Executive room. Yet, if was! Room wasn't that clean, 2 dirty towels, shampoo bottles were used, nuts visible under bed. However I must say the cleanliness improved on the rest of the days I was there.   Rooms are so desperately in need of refurb. Beds noisy as wooden bed frame hits off wooden headboard every time you turn round, they are comfy though.   Exec lounge was good, however the location of it could be better, it's along a corridor on 2nd floor, rather weird red walls outside. The food and drink offered was nice though. Didn't…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I was disappointed with this hotel. I had a room on the 10th floor facing into a brick wall. Service in the dining room was hit and miss. The waitress got our order wrong, brought one of the party's main course while the rest of us were having our starters and another started to clear plates while others were still eating. Very busy hotel day and night and there were long queues at reception all the time.I was charged 10% service charge when I bought a round of drinks at the bar.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not your usual Hilton,"We and paid six months before arriving . On arrival we were given as room best described as backpackers. Fridge didn't work walls dirty no damaged , never been overhauled for twenty years . We didn't unpack I went straight to reception and was told we could upgrade for 20 pounds a night we were staying 14 nights , they said 10 nights charge but the bill was for 11 nights . On gaining keys to the new room we found it ok but only just at least it was clean . The resturant on the top floor is not run by Hilton , give it as big miss . The TV in the room only has 4 channels , even though your not there to watch tv it's nice to see the news . On the good side the hotel is well positioned with transport and a few good resturants  Also being next to st Mary's hospital expect ambulance…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed - better options out there ,"I am a Hilton Diamond member and this was my first time at this property.  Traveled to london with my wife and three young children.  Last minute we decided to add a week to our stay so we stayed 7 days at the Metropole and 7 at the Crowne Plaza Kings Cross.    Pros Only room I could find that was moderately priced and could fit the five of us.  Most hotel rooms max out at 4 people.  Room was large for London Location was good for access to transport with Circle, District and Bakerloo lines right across the street.   Large breakfast bufffet When called, the staff was usually very nice.   Cons Unless you want middle eastern food there are few options in the immediate vicinity of the hotel.  Bathroom small and old. No way it could be considered a family bathroom. Water pressure is…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old interior and small bed,"We got a king standard room via Expedia but it appears it’s a “London king” bed which was the size of a double bed which was highly disappointing as it was our last night in London and we were wanting to spoil ourselves.   We were on the 13th floor of the tower building and the room was an ok size (small but expected in London) but the interior was dated including the small but functional bathroom. The kettle in our room did not work and the tv channels were limited. Bit disappointed with the price we paid and definitely not as nice as other Hilton’s I have stayed in.  The lobby and entry is very grand and really nice and the built in Starbucks, sky bar and whiskey lounge is a great touch. The staff are very friendly and helpful and gave us a later check out without any issue.…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location for Paddington,"Decent bar/drinks, OK breakfast, clean rooms and facilities OK. Couldn't work my aircon - absolutely boiling. Also, no bath and not the greatest shower. A decent modern business style hotel - ticks many boxes, but lacking in character. The bar staff were very good and friendly.",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large modern international hotel with good facilities in a great central location,"Large modern rooms with equally big closets and bathrooms and great desk space. Short walk to both Edgeware Rd tube stations and 15 mins from Paddington and Marylebone rail.  Worth paying a bit extra to get an Executive room with access to Exec Lounge - includes free breakfast buffet, all day beverages, afternoon tea, and an evening session from 5:30 to 8 pm with hot and cold hors d'oeuvres, sandwiches, cheeses etc., and a limited but open bar! ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"One night stay for business, excellent location being literally a few moments walk from Edgware station Staff extremely pleasant on check in, and moved from from a twin bedroom is inadvertently booked to a double My room was in Tower block - good size, all usual amenities you'd expect, and very comfortable bed - aircon coped admirably worth the current heatwave although I did have it on full blast all night. Although room clean and comfy it was looking a bit tired bug I notice from previous reviews that rooms are currently being upgraded - it certainly needs a bit of a refresh but that doesn't detract from it's comfort, cleanliness and location ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Trip,"Hilton Metropole, Edgware Road, 22floors, Not good Hotel room, Costly comparatively and it's busy hotel as it is in Central London, apart nothing adds advantage for vacation. Hotel offers different Wings (North, South) also some amenities but I was upset by seeing room offered for the value I paid so I didn't had curiosity to see the other provisions.  Like bathroom is not good to use, room is small with furniture provided like desk etc, Air condition is not to the Mark, TV no more channels only 5 free channels like BBC etc., Safe Locker was not working, Costly room service if required, in my 4days stay I changed twice as I explained the hotel management receptionist that the room is not to the Mark but after changing the room was same level.  I paid 200GBP for one day but still…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Top Model UK/ Worldwide 2018,Me and my beautiful partner we stayed here in April while I was finalist for Top Model UK/ Worldwide.worldwide.  Hotel amazing and very clean reception staff VERY professional and nice Room very nice indeed  I won best photogenic male category award in that might of final  I can't say anything about restaurant since I haven't eaten in was out I came for breakfast next morning  We couldn't belive how busy was and how big queue was to get for breakfast and how staff handle it very professional  Worth to stay bit expensive but worth it Right in city centre  Highly recommended ,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid if you can,"Oh dear, where do I start with this fallen gem?  The location is actually pretty good. 15 minutes walk from Paddington. Less than 5 minute walk from Edgeware Road tube station and only 15 minutes from Baker Street. You can be in the hotel 35 minutes after boarding the Heathrow express at Heathrow.   But 25 minutes to check in despite being at the front of the queue. No inclination from anybody to see there is a problem - they just don’t seem to care.   Despite booking a double room I was given a twin with singles beds. You could barely walk around the edge of the beds to the desk.   The TV works but only just. Limited channels and those that exist are weak with poor picture.   I am sure if I had arrived at a different moment the experience may have been better but based on this…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,More Business Conventiony than Family Fun,"Took my twin 10-yr olds for a London weekend, and this hotel was clean and adequate for our purposes but we didn't find it wildly exciting. Or I should say the only thing we found exciting about it was a subdued plaque outside the entrance that explained the spooky history of the surrounding area - involving beheadings!",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel on the west side of Londkn,"Traveled to London for a trip last minute and stayed at the Hilton near Paddington Station. The hotel is about a 10 minutes walk from the station, convenient for the Heathrow Express.  Decent food, clean rooms. The only down side is the air conditioner was weak and anemic. ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Distinctly average stay - the older rooms are looking pretty shabby.,"We booked a stay on Hilton Honours points, choosing to pay extra points for an Executive Double Room. As an Honours higher tier member, we should get an availability based upgrade (but rarely do at this hotel and didn't on this trip). The West Wing rooms are (if memory serves me correctly) quite nice as it is a much more modern extension to the original hotel.   The rooms in the East Wing of the hotel are old and shabby (so guess where we got put).  There is no minibar - which is honestly fine as an empty fridge is quite useful.  AC was pathetic, I don't think the room temp got below 25-26 for the two nights we were there, it was during a heatwave of course, but that is when AC should be working properly.  Oddly, there was only a bedside table on one side of the bed - there was…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible accommodation and customer service,"Absolutely awful experience. I had reserved a king bed room which was acknowledged on check-in, but there was also a recognition by the check-in staff that they had massively over-booked the hotel, meaning that they could only offer me a single bed room. Many appeasement offers were then made, bizarrely, one was an offer of Starbucks coffee in the morning ""instead of the crap that they serve in the breakfast area"". Finally, I agreed that I would take additional loyalty points in exchange for a single bed. On entering the room, I was disgusted to find huge stains all over the floor with a crumbling wall and neglected bathroom (I have pictures of all of these claims!). As expected, I am yet to see any recognition of the offered points on my account. On check-out, when asked if I…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We stayed at Hilton in March and I must say that the location is perfect. There are 2 subway stations opposite it and a bus stop nearby. We are Muslims and we found great halal eateries nearby. Money exchange could be easily done too as we had loads of options close by.  The hotel it self was very friendly. At checkout we were greeted enthusiastically by the receptionist. It was snowing outside and lots of people had come in. The check in was done smoothly and within 10 mins we were in our room.  Our room had a view of the main road and we enjoyed that. However, I felt that the room size was small. The washroom was clean and had great toiletries by Peter Thomas. Our stay was very comfortable.  Even at checkout we left our luggage in the hotel till late evening and the hotel…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton should be ashamed,I travel a lot and have brand loyalty to the Hilton as a Diamond member.  I am questioning that loyalty.  We were placed in an upgraded ‘executive’ room. If these are the executive rooms I hate to see the normal rooms.  Aging rooms with beds that are about as soft as a rock...and the most anemic air conditioning you can imagine.  Very disappointed.  Stay someplace else.  I have stayed in far less expensive places with better conditions.  I think the person in charge of handing out the ability to name a hotel a Hilton should have to stay here in the room I was in for three days in the middle of the summer..,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable but AC struggled,"Room was clean and comfortable. Close to Paddington station, short walk. Good fresh food in lounge. Unfortunately the AC never got room comfortable. It ran all the time but room was still very warm. Sat in lounge often to cool down. Had already unpacked and settled into room for the 1 night so didn't want to change rooms at late hour when we realized AC was struggling.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing - poor service,"We stayed for two nights at the start of July, and found the level of service throughout the hotel to be sadly lacking. After a 15 minute wait to check in at 6:30pm, we were told that 'your room is still dirty and hasn't been cleaned yet. We were given a voucher for an evening meal by way of an apology.   We went to the executive lounge to wait for our room to be ready, which was, quite frankly dirty. Not enough people clearing and wiping tables, and generally shabby decor that is long overdue for a refurbishment.  After 40 minutes our room was ready, and we freshened up and went to the restaurant for dinner. Whilst the food was nice, the service terribly slow, and the staff lost the voucher we had been given so the bill was wrong...   The room itself was OK, spacious but again…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Superb!,"Located in central London this is a beautiful property to stay in. Lots of attractions and restaurants nearby. The lobby is very impressive and the staff are quite helpful.  A nice place to stay in if you are visiting London. The breakfast is very good spread. Rooms are spacious and neat,",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,disappointed,"i have stayed at the hotel for the last 3 years, july 2018 being my third visit. this time however i was extremely disappointed with staff responsiveness. i took us 4 phone calls and more than one hour to get our room cleaned which was not cleaned in the morning, the room fridge was not fixed despite repeated requests and bell boy takes ages to come to the room.  the best service was from the conceiges.  this would be perhaps my last stay at this hilton property",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, super service!",We stayed here for one night after an event in Hyde Park (- which was just 30 mins walk there or £9 cab back at 2am!) Opted for a superior king room which was huge! Lovely view from floor 12. Room was clean and well maintained. The staff here are extremely attentive and despite the hotel being very busy they smile and do the very best they can. Really great stay - will come back. ,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,More than just a huge hotel,"I stayed at the Hilton London Metropole twice in the past two months, and both have been delightful.  The best thing, despite all the other positives, is the location: right by Edgware Road Underground stations (both the Bakerloo line and the Circle/Hammersmith and City Lines stations) and two minutes walk from Paddington station. There is a Marks and Spencers (with a food section) across the street in one direction and a Tesco in the other in terms of convenience and food stores, while there are plenty of local independent off licences and restaurants nearby. Also, if you're on a high floor, you will have an amazing view of London - whichever direction you're facing.  Apart from the key things you expect from every chain hotel - e.g. clean and comfortable rooms and bathrooms, a…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very busy hotel,"Our family of 4 stayed here for 4 nights. We booked 2 king bed rooms. We booked the rooms a few days jn person as my husband was staying there at that time n was told our rooms will be upgraded to a bigger king bed rooms as my husband is a gold card Hhonor member. But when we got our rooms, a room was actually an accessible one with a double bed. We didn’t request a change as my two daughters are ok with their room.    The housekeeping was not up to standard. The glasses we used in the previous day were not replaced with clean one. No small face towels were placed. Rubbish was not cleaned. Basically only the bed was made.  Amenities are minimal. No slippers (unless u ask for it). No toothpaste n brushes, no shower cap, only shampoo/conditioner n body wash.   It’s a big hotel…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst full service Hilton room I have ever stayed,"This was absolutely the most horrible full service Hilton room I have ever stayed at, the bathroom is old and worn out, has no vents and can delay everyone getting ready since it gets so hot in there. The room AC is worst. The temperature in the room is very uncomfortable. My room was at 30 degree C on big nights. Apparently housekeeping are told to turn AC off. The staff agrees they have a major issue with the AC system in the West tower. They offered to change rooms at 11 PM which is really not very convenient with 2 young kids and the worst is the technicians say the AC Is working very well. When asked for a fan, the staff on phone denied having any fans available. When escalated to the Asst. front desk manager, he found us one in 10 minutes. A very fine gentleman I must say,…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Acceptable but not great,"Hotel is older and rooms are not well maintained. Stayed due to lower price during expensive high tourist season. Location not bad but a bit far from Hyde Park. Had to change rooms due to smell, but staff was reluctant to move us and required multiple calls to convince them. Then new room had faulty bathroom faucet that sprayed water everywhere. Otherwise room quality was ok but the hotel is definitely dated. ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Here we go again.....,"With my work I travel quite a bit to London and have had the misfortune of staying at the Metropole 3 separate occasions, since the beginning of June.  The hotel itself is alright looks nice and welcoming as you book in, pleasant foyer and members of staff all look smart and polite. The rooms are okay but nothing special even the first night I was offered an upgrade to a suite which was very impressive but I would have been very unhappy had I had to pay for it out my own money.  The way our company books hotels is to pay for room only, then add an allowance separate. I make a point of highlighting this every hotel I ever go to, and the only one that ever seems to have an issue is the Hilton Metropole London, Twice now I have checked out to be told I have nothing to pay, only to…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, not a great hotel","The hotel is in a great location, but he room was old, dirty, so was the bathroom. Upon arrival the tv didn't work, however that was fixed right away. I expected better from Hilton. Very disappointing. I would not stay there again. ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended and great great hotel,"Now I have started with five stars as other chains should learn what hospitality is all about from Hilton. I was travelling with 2 kids where one was two, I had been to most parts of Europe atleast once, but whenever u request for an early Check in they will show a grumpy face and often they're rude. But this hotel was excellent ,they accommodated our each and every request with a widest of smile on their faces. Full marks to them for that and I would recommend this hotel to everyone travelling with a family. Awesome staff ,great hospitality and great location. There is one thing which I would request to make the breakfast menu slightly more elaborate,but apart from that I can't find a problem with anything.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,GREAT STAY,"My daughters treated me to a weekend in London at this hotel and it was perfect in location, staff, cleanliness etc. The pool was very welcoming after a hard day sight seeing.  They arranged for fruit and chocolates to be delivered to our room and it all looked and tasted wonderful.  Really enjoyable and would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Had been there for my anivasary, stayed for 3 nights. compared to other hotels this hotel was spacious in terms of the room size.  it is in a very good location. all the main shopping area is in and around the hotel and not that far. the area has covered good super markets, restaurants, etc.  service was good as well.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Superb,"The hotel is 2 minuets walk to Paddington Station and on Edgware road the inner-city neighbourhood of Westminster, close to the city's famous shopping strip Oxford Street along with its bars, nightlife and eateries. Ten minuets walk to Hyde Park and a short walk will get you to the nice Arabic restaurants and coffee shops. Hilton London metropole itself has nice restaurants and some gifts shops. ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My stay in Hilton london metropole,"I stayed in the above hotel for total of 11 days. I stayed for six nights before going to lake district. Upon return from lake district, I stayed again for five nights. This hotel is my favourite place to stay in london due to its location, easy access to tube station, food etc., This is my fifth stay in the hotel in as many years. nearby we have many arabic resturants plus fast food outlets. Super market Waitrose as well as Tesco are less than 500 meteres from the hotel. During my first six nights stay, I felt room to be little cramped. for my second part of stay, I got an excellent room which was quite big and spacious. People were nice. Overall it was very good stay and hope to visit again.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London vacation ,Nice and clean hotel. Convenient to underground (across the street ). It was an easy trip from Gatwick Airport with one transfer at Victoria station.  Don’t waste your money or time eating at the hotel there is food all over London that is much better and cheaper. ,Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Experience / Excellent Staff,"A week stay at the hotel while I was in London for business.   Nice room that was comfortable, clean, and roomy.   I was especially impressed with the staff.   Friendly and committed to providing excellent service. ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dirty and smelly room!,"They checked me into a room and I was surprised to smell and see what I saw. Coffee mug remains on the desk, water bottles half empty in the bathroom, towels on the bathroom floor, water all over the sink. Really shocking!  ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the Hilton experience we hoped for.,"We saved up for our four day London trip. Hilton London Metropole was going to be our splurge for a nice place to stay. The room was uncomfortably warm. I called for maintenance twice and was offered a fan. The mini fridge did not work. I had hoped to have cold water waiting for us when we got to the room. I called for maintenance.  They did not replace the fridge in the cabinet but added a second fridge to the room. It did not cool either.  I spoke with the front t desk a third time to hear there was nothing they could do. They were not willing to let me speak with management to find a resolution.  They wanted.me to come up with a solution. What do I know is available for them to help?  I expected better from a Hilton. O will say each maintenance man, runner, wait staff and bar…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Conference Venue Hotel, it’s best suited to","As only a very few of their rooms have been upgraded this large scale property has a long way to go in its refurbishment process.  The rooms yet to be renovated, although large by London standards are very dated.  Bar, Restaurant & Conference areas are ok but not top range...  Its location is this Hilton property’s strength   Very pricey though ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel. Nice staff,"As London hotels go in this price range this is a good place to stay. Larger than average rooms for the city, great breakfast and lovely cocktails. A little tired in decor and not the greatest air con but the staff are great.   Location for town and Paddington station is also perfect and all in walking distance. Just don't expect a £200 a night hotel ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Outdated rooms with broken Aircondition,"I was a guest at this hotel as a part of large conference.  I got a room with a view on the 22nd floor, but entering the room I was immediately disappointed.  The room itself was quite small but for good location in London that is not uncommon.  But I was greeted with a warm heavy air.  At first I thought the A/C was off but it was blowing.  Temperature in room showed 27 deg but A/C set to 21.  The carpets were dirty and worn, paint chipped of walls in few locations and overall outdated.  The view over the city was great but that was the only positive thing I could find.  I complaint to the lobby about the temperature in the room and they said they would have a look at it.  Nothing did happen and speaking to colleagues at the conference they all had same issue.  25-29 deg in the…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Two night stay,Second time I have stayed here and will never again. Feels like a Holiday camp not a Hilton hotel. Bathrooms desperately need upgrading. Service not to standard and feels like security guards are watching you everywhere ,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"If I find a reasonably priced offer, then I choose this hotel","I'm already a couple of times stayed in that hotel. Really nice customer service and staff. Two metro stops for max 5-10min distance. Hyde park walking distance. Last time I found that Oxford Street is also a short walk away if you walk to Hyde Park so it's easy to get there. The location is, in my opinion, very good. The room has really good a sight the city if you get the upper floors",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Uncomplicated. ,"Stayed here for three nights in May 2018. The hotel is located outside the city centre, but close to two underground stations. Bus stop outside the front door as well. Rooms are decent, nothing extra. Quiet. High with nice view. Breakfast not included, but can be bought at various locations on the hotel. Rude staff. Bar and some small shops in the lobby. ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Clean and Comfortable Hotel,"I used this hotel for an overnight stay in London. It’s located 5 mins from Edgware road tube so close to tourist spots like oxford street etc. Room was basic, clean and soundproof so I had a good nights sleep. Food and drink at bar downstairs was good and reasonably priced for a London hotel.   This is aimed at families and business stayovers- but if your in the mood for romance I think there are better. ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Property Unfortunately 'HHonorably' Fading,"As someone who has stayed here multiple times for work and pleasure, this is a hard review to write because the last couple of times has just been okay, and if I had to judge on this last experience alone, I am not sure I would return.  The Pros: we were offered an upgrade to a ""King Executive"" room and all but one of the staff were friendly.  The cons: 1) Diamond status seemed not to be recognised at check-in. Amongst other things, we didn't receive and water and when I called to ask where it was, was told I have to go to the Herb n Kitchen shop to pick some up after returning back to reception for a voucher. Decided to skip it.  2) Hotel Security. We had stepped into the Whiskey/Gin lounge, but had to go to the loo. We were simply following the signs to the loo when security…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel with huge rooms,"Used this hotel as a business hotel, I was amazed that they gave me a room as early as 11am.  It was a reputable hotel chain, and of course, there were certain standards that were expected.  Pluses: Room was large. Had more than enough space for luggage even for the Long haul travel. Bathroom was a very decent size  Beds were comfortable, though the pillows were extremely soft.  Minuses: Rooms were starting to look their age, wear and tear were starting to show Bedroom slippers had to be requested for There was no bathrobe in the room, I reckon it had to be requested for.  Overall a decently nice hotel",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dated “executive room” poor food ,"Upgraded to an executive room on check in, unfortunately this meant next to no power sockets in the room! Had to unplug the hotel facilities to charge my phone as socket next to the bed didn’t work and the other one was a European socket! Coving was stained in places, bed was rickety although very large which was nice. Bathroom extremely dated shower pressure wasn’t that good, not sure how this can be marketed as “executive”.   Had room service on the first night due to feeling unwell, big mistake, chips that came With the burger were very undercooked, soft and soggy, don’t cling film them next time! Use a cloche! Burger was mediocre at best, over cooked, lukewarm and underseasoned.  Location was ok for where I needed to be, but not a valid reason for wanting to return, maybe if…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location ,"We stayed here for one night as a family, when we went to see a gig. On arrival we were very happy with our choice. We dropped our bag off and headed straight out.   On return to the hotel later that night we decided to have a drink in the bar area. No prices on drinks and not a very good selection of drinks. No Guinness, no grey goose, no haig. C’mon Hilton, even basic bars have these available.   On returning to our room, we found the bathroom hadn’t been cleaned properly. Hair in the bath and sink and urine marks on the toilet rim under the seat. Plus there was dirty cotton buds in the bin. No shampoo available, just shower gel, body lotion and one bar of soap. Now I love my family, but do I want to share a bar of soap with them, no. Shower gel would be if better use. It…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Would rate a zero star if I could! ,"Stayed here for 4 nights and very unhappy! The room keys barely worked causing myself and my friends to waste so much time trying to enter the room at the end of each day. Receptionist didn’t seem that interested in the issue. However fixed the key but then it stopped working again. Our room was very far from the reception too so having to go back and forth just to get into our room was a disgrace. The beds were awful. Very annoyed as we thought we’d treat ourself this holiday and book the Hilton. Clearly just paying for the name! Won’t be staying again. The cleaners also threw things out which were left on the table, not in the bin. Very disappointed with the price paid for such a poor quality of hotel. ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great front of house but tired bedrooms and terrible beds","We spent 3 nights in the Hotel this weekend.  Overall the location is great and the lobby, bar, restaurant and leisure facilities are good.  It is right beside Edgware Road tube station and walkable to the West End.  The downside is the rooms which are pretty tired.  We were in an Executive King and I would have expected a lot more.  The beds are incredibly uncomfortable which really surprised me.  My experience of Hilton has always been good in terms of the beds but these were terrible.  The Executive Lounge was good and you could have a nice continental breakfast, afternoon tea or a couple of early evening drinks at no extra charge.  The pool is also a nice to have in a big city like London. I am definitely a Hilton fan but won't be staying in this particular one again due to…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor show for a Hilton ,Booked 4 nights here as a group of 4 8 months prior to staying. Arrived and stood ignored for 10 minutes while reception staff chatted amongst themselves. Was finally seen by someone who acted like it was a chore. She was rude and very unfriendly. We got to our room which was alright. There was a huge crack in the window and it just seemed a bit cheap looking for where we were. The beds were rock hard and we all had sore backs by the end. Pillows were mushy and pointless. The maid threw out one of my groups contact lenses while “cleaning” which was sitting on a table. You would think logic would tell you that if it’s not in the bin then LEAVE IT! We tried to use the swimming pool facilities on our first night and was informed by reception it was closed early for cleaning...no…,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location fantastic,"Beautiful hotel, attended TopModel UK here April. Unfortuately we didnt get the weather it was very heavy rain although that made the location all the better as we were right beside underground. Very easy to access anywhere in London from this location.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Don't use the iron, Aircon didn't work","Stayed for two nights last week, had a meeting on the last evening, travelled light and only took what I needed, ironed a white shirt and rusty water ran from the iron and destroyed it,also the Aircon didn't work.Expected better, staff were friendly, some drinks on roof top bar 40% more expensive than ground floor, I drink Jameson and considerable difference, trick to get you there is you get given a 20% off voucher entering the lift, view is great though, you may have a wonderful time, I'm just rating my stay.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location ,"Just spent three days in London with the wife, staying at the hilton metropole, edgware rd. Located across the road from the tube station, the hotel is ideally situated! It is a very good hotel, although our bathroom was a little tired and in need of a bit of Tlc. The room was a king room, massive bed, clean sheets. The TV did not have many channels. We had breakfast there one day at a charge of £17.95 per person. Bit steep but a wide variety of food to choose from. ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed ,"We stayed here for a night after booking and paying almost a year in advance.  When we arrived we were told we had been upgraded to a deluxe room on the 23rd floor; we were delighted.  We found our room and it was terrible.  It stunk of cigarette smoke and the overall state of the room was awful.  We turned back and went to reception. On the elevator down we spoke to a porter who informed us that the 23rd floor is the worst part of the hotel and that it used to be the smoking part. He encouraged us to ask for one of the refurbished rooms.  When we got to reception we spoke to one of the staff and asked to swap room. After we gave an explanation, we asked to be put in the refurbished part of the hotel. We were told the rooms were fully booked. How was this possible? I booked and…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large but very friendly hotel,"Had a large family room, views over London. Room very clean and spacious , beds very comfortable , air con worked perfectly, bathroom more than adequate. Stayed here for 1 night, great sleep , met all our needs, used pool in morning again friendly helpful staff. Will go back .",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location. Inexpensive for London,"We booked this hotel as it was reasonably centrally and not very expensive by London’s standards. The reason being that we booked a room in the tower wing which was old style (think pre 2000, but honestly don’t know when they last renovated this room). It was decent, clean and comfortable though. The location is excellent. Near a underground station and also easy access to the airport train or with one change on the underground, the Piccadilly line to Heathrow. Another bonus is that Green Motion car rental is in the same building just in case like us you want to take a day trip to Stonehenge.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Review,"It was a pleasure to stay in this hotel. The staff was really helpful and the journey was nice. I'll book again this hotel for other travels, overall the location and the place are perfect for London.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst Hilton ever!!,"Thank goodness I only had to spend one short night at this hotel. Absolutely terrible and Hilton should be embarrassed that they brand this hotel. I was put in an east wing room which I could swear the front desk person told me was an upgrade. As soon as I got off the elevator, I knew I was in trouble. Hallways were badly worn, hot, narrow and extremely outdated. Room’s lighting was hard to figure out, switches didn’t work. Molding was coming off the ceiling and there was so much water damage to the tub and tub glass it was gross. Bed was so dreadful. Hard and I could feel every spring. Window made me feel like I was in a jail basement. Small with bars. Chair had a stain on it that made it look like someone peed on it. Just gross and horrible.  Thank god I checked out early as…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too many “no go’s”,"People are engaged, but unfortunately Rooms are part of the product.  So DON’T expect simple things like - TV Channels: 8 English, no movies, sitcoms, NO Kids-channels, total 21 (of which 3 don’t work, 10 Arabic and Russian)  - toothbrush glass only in suite - minibar gone - much more...  Stayed in this hotel for sure more than 100 nights over a period of 8 years... its now enough for me!  Strongly recommend not to stay here!",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poorly maintained for a Hilton.,"The room is very poorly maintained - peeling wall paper, carpet with smudges and stains, a ceiling panel that is gapped, the fridge leaning against the wall and the sticker marks not cleaned off it, and in the shower, black edging on the lower tiles. This is not a budget hotel but it feels like it is being maintained like one.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not Bad, But..","Travelled in May for my birthday. Had a frustrating time trying to use my shower. Gave up, and opted for a bath instead. Wish there were more towels, and larger. The bed was not very comfortable, and only a bedspread for warmth. The pool was not available, much to my disappointment. The bar was just a stereotype of the area. On the upside, for my birthday they gave me a lovely bouquet of flowers & a complimentary bottle of wine. As I was suffering from food poisoning, I ended up in a nearby hospital.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, hard beds","The location of this hotel (Tube station, Paddington Station, and canal area all within 5min) is exceptional but the beds are sorely in need of an update. If this hotel had heavenly bedding and mattresses it would be unbeatable. ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Definietly better than reviews I read,"First trip to London with family.  Much better than reviews I read. Had room in West Tower which are newer, refrig didn't work but they brought another one soon as we called. Had 2 queen beds that were comfortable. 7 people total 4 adults and 3 children in 2 rooms.  We were about 4 doors down from each other and on the 11th floor. Rooms clean, staff very friendly and helpful. Executive lounge was very large and full at peak times. Some people complain that it was located in another wing. What do you expect when in a large hotel.  A large hotel means some extra walking no big deal.  Breakfast in restaurant had large selection of juices, pastries, breads, yogurt, fresh fruit. Had access to 4 different underground stations within a block!",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not recommended!! ,"I have been a Hilton Honours member for some time, always enjoyed until now. I visited Sky 23 bar with friends only to be insulted by the owner and staff who are racially motivated. Comments were made to my friends about their age. The hotel is dated and the management never bothered to follow up on my complaint. We laughed at the time but since the Hilton managers have not investigated we shall refer to the BBC because we taped it all!!! Much better value in London. Rooms smell!! ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Would not stay here again,"We did not enjoy our stay here. In our first room, there was a constant beeping noise, about 20 seconds to 5 mins. apart, and we were finally able to change rooms after some hassle with the front desk. Second room in a different tower had no noise, but the A/C did not work properly, the bathroom smelled, and there was no shampoo in the room. I had to hold the shower head in the bathroom when showering because it wouldn't stay at the right angle. Also found hair on the comforter. Rooms are dated.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent accommodation in convenient location,"We booked 2 rooms for our family of four for four nights.  We used points and the redemption level was reasonable, location was good.  The hotel itself is very large and definitely geared towards tour groups and budget family stays.  The breakfast was crowded and basic.  However, the staff was very nice and helpful, the rooms were decent  and overall we were satisfied.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bring your own air conditioning,"The carpet is dirty, the room is hot, the food is poor. Concierge lounge, first bite of fish stick had bones. Soap and shampoo is dollar store brand. I was happy they have me slippers so my feet didn't get dirty after shower walking back to bed. Every aspect of room, hall, elevator was deteriorated. Not a 4 star. Maybe a 2 star at best. ",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very pleasantly surprised!,I had read many reviews about this hotel and booked in with some trepidation. You can imagine my surprise when our 4 night stay was nothing but lovely. We were 2 adults and 2 children and put in the West Wing into a double queen bed corner room. All the room facilities were perfect. We had enough room and were even able to eat take away the the little table. e had no issues with the level of cleaning provided and found all the staff we encountered to be friendly and warm. My husband and I both signed up to be loyalty members (which is free) and thus got free internet (which was excellent). Our buffet brekky each morning was delicious and the lovely Juliet and other staff members were always warm and chatty. We all had a great stay and felt very welcomed. I would definitely stay…,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great choice is arriving to Paddington,"Nice hotel - great location, walking distance to Paddington Station.  Reception and bars very nice - lots of well dressed people and good service.  Buy breakfast with your room rate if you wish to eat here.  Small line to get into breakfast at 0730.  Room smelled a little smokey when you first walked in.  TV pretty minimal.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bank card security alert,They hold your bank or card details upon arrival. Once we checked out £2100 was withdrawn illegally without my knowledge. I was cautioned by my bank sms. Now left in limbo to emails and correspondence begging my money back. 😏,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor quality Hilton but good staff and position slightly made up for it.,"Stayed for 3 nights. There is no valet parking here which makes it awkward to go from the terrible car park into the hotel if you have luggage. It took about 15 minutes to locate a porter to take our luggage into the hotel. Reception lady was ok and acknowledged my Hilton Honours status. i had booked a twin executive room but discovered that there are no such rooms with a bath so we had to visit 3 other rooms before they located a superior room that had 2 beds and a bath. By the time they organised the bathrobes, slippers etc that you would expect with an executive room we had wasted about 2 hours. To be fair the duty manager did upgrade us to a full breakfast everyday and also free parking as compensation for the inconvenience. The room was in the West Wing which is the…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Grossly Disappointing Hilton Well Below Brand Standards,"Assertively rude staff at checkin and in the restaurant. My TV was not working and after calling downstairs and waiting an hour, had to all again to get a technician to the room. My bill was incorrect at checkout and still working to get it fixed. No plugs near the bed to charge the phone. Lax security - followed from the elevator by a prostitute. This property is so below Hilton standards across the board that they should pull their flag as it is a gross failure of brand standards. As others have written, the building itself is old and tired, badly in need of a facelift, but that is London....the rest of what Iv'e written is well within their control.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton quality in the Tower,"I booked this hotel for its convenient location near the Paddington and Edgware Road stations, as our first stop after a red-eye flight.  The first floor, and the guest services were wonderful, but our room was in the ""tower"" wing, which felt very much like a low-budget tourist hotel.  I often stay in tourist hotels in Europe -- but I've also stayed in Hiltons and even a five-star Conrad.  The two ought never be confused with one another, as they are here.  As a tourist hotel near Paddington, I would give this a very GOOD review, despite the terrible mattress. I would even consider staying here again.  But if you are specifically expecting Hilton quality...don't.  ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just plain old and tired,"Attended a conference at this hotel.  Room smelled terrible and the air conditioner did not work.  Bed was hard as a rock and carpet was filthy.  However, employees were exceptional.  Staff in the Edg lounge were excellent and the food was very good.  Hotel desperately needs a major facelift.  Love the Hilton brand but this spot needs care.  ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A tired Hilton that can't keep up with its great employees.,"I'm checked in at this property yesterday and will be here for 9 nights with my family.  My impression is that this hotel employs great workers but it desperately needs renovation to match the energy of its employees.  Check in was efficient and staff at the Executive Lounge as well as the breakfast buffet restaurant was warm, friendly, and eager to answer and satisfy your needs.  The hotel itself looks tired and in need of major renovation.  Carpeting at the hotel and its rooms need changing, the bathrooms look like they were trapped in the 80s, and the AC system needs replacement.  I initially had a room that wouldn't cool down.  So, when I asked to be moved to a different room, the staff immediately checked a nearby room to make sure its aircon was working.  Sadly, even at…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, friendly staff other than the manager","We stayed here for one night last week, and took our little dog along for the trip. Check-in was great, a friendly receptionist. We went out on Saturday evening to a play, leaving the dog at the hotel. After an hour of being out, I received a call from security, advising me the adjacent guests had complained of barking coming from our room. He had been up to the room to have a listen, and advised she had barked once when he was up there listening outside the door, for the 2-3 minute period. Having agreed that she had by now settled herself down, I advised we would be back in approximately 1-2 hours. He was happy with this - and would let me know if there were any other issues, so we were all happy and in agreement. Until.. Ten minutes later, I received a voicemail message from…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big rooms but service was lacking,"On the plus side, staff were friendly and the hotel is a very short walk to Edgware Rd underground station on the Bakerloo line. It is a very big hotel.   Check in was quick, but it went downhill from there. The first set of room keys didn’t work. The second set also didn’t work for us and we couldn’t access our room for more than 30 minutes after check in which was very frustrating.  When security did arrive, it turns out there wasn’t a problem with the card, it was the lock that was being temperamental. So if you have an issue, make sure you push the key card to the right as you swipe it down. It’s like the slot in the lock mechanism is too wide for the key to make contact if you simply swipe down as per the instructions. The hotel reception and customer service staff should…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location Terrible Rooms,"Check in was efficient, with friendly and courteous staff.  The room  I had while it had fantastic views over London with views of Post Office Tower, London Eye, Shard and Canary Wharf in the distance.   Regents Park is also just a 15 minute walk and Euston Rail Station is about 30 min walk.  The room was quite simply appalling, windows were filthy with poorly fitted secondary double glazing.  The outer windows had some form of film on the that was peeling, scratched and dirty.  The bathroom had a broken tap, and sink plug was broken.  Bathroom was dated and in bad need of renovation.  And the rest of the room was not much better.  The room carpet was torn and had exposed carpet strip and open electrical socket.  The final straw was cleaner came into my room three times, wanting…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great service,"I’ve been at the Hilton Metropole for a Conference. The location is very good, at few meters from Circle Line tube station. The rooms are aged and small. However the service is great. Staff always kind and efficient. Very good check-in service. Cleaning very discreet and good. Special thanks to Raffaele (Cogone) the chef and Mirko for service to kindly fulfil all my special dietary requirements. Great experience. Thanks",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location but ok service,Stayed 4 nights with them the rooms are nice in the east wing but the rooms are tower are quite small.The location is great as it has a good connectivity and is walking distance to oxford street .Lots of good places to eat with M & S just opposite so quite a ideal location.The breakfast spread is also just fine and room service has a 5 pound fee which is a bit too much.,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don’t come here to sleep ,"Check in was efficient; the public areas are bright and attractive; the first impression of the bedroom was positive for its size and storage space though the decor was dull ( but the lighting is bright and full praise for the number of sockets ). However... the mini bar was empty, the TV picture awful and the bathroom still has a shower curtain instead of a glass panel and the water pressure in the shower was inadequate. The worst feature however was the bed. It comprised of a sprung mattress placed on a wooden topped base that creaked at every movement. Our sleep was intermittent at best because we were relentlessly woken as we turned over. And then to add insult to injury housekeeping knocked on the door at 0815!  Why? We were only stopping overnight so surely they could have…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location. Friendly staff.,"We stayed 1 night in a superior family room. Our room was located in the West Wing. Room number 1175.  We arrived via Edgware Rd tube. It's less than a 5 minute walk from there. Perfect!  Check in was speedy. I'd arrived an hour earlier than I should but my room was ready. Receptionist was friendly and informative. The West Wing is quite a trek from reception, but that wasn't an issue. Plenty of lifts to take you up.  Our room had 2 double beds and was a great size. Views kept the boys (3 and 8) entertained. Air con worked well. Shower was brilliant. Very clean. Plenty of provisions for hot drinks. There's an ice bucket which is handy for keeping your drinks chilled...although the ice machine on floor 11 and 10 don't work. Floor 9 does though!   One of our room keys didn't work,…",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dreadful hotel,"A 2 star hotel masquerading as a 4 star. Dreadful rooms, looked like they hadn’t been updated in about 30 years. 2 single beds, not what I booked but was told there was nothing else available. Air conditioning didn’t work - I was offered a fan instead. Curtains didn’t close properly so the room was light at 5.30 am. Avoid this place at all costs",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It’s Ok,"Good location, easy access from tube and buses. Hotel is very big a lot happening,  lots of meeting and conferences. Rooms are nice, but the Televisions need to be updated bad signal and minimal channel selection. No complimentary water bottles in the room for the price one would expect this. No lock on bathroom/toilet door. Pool and gym area are good. This hotel is more for the business traveler not for families.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent for family visit,"I love this hotel as it is usually a nightmare trying to book a decent sized family room in London. We're out all day & don't want to pay an extortionate price for 2 rooms. Our family room had 2 huge double beds, a roomy bathroom and a great view. It even had a welcoming dessert tray & card for my daughter's birthday. Beds were comfy & we had a great sleep despite a raging thunder storm! The hotel is huge & has a great buzz, there are a choice of bars ^ service was great. Hotel is 2 mins from Tube. Breakfast was plentiful; hot & lots of choice. We have stayed before & will do so again ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good hotel for a quick London visit and if you dont spend a lot of time in the room,I have been staying many times at the Hilton London Metropole and it is always a good hotel if you are not spending a lot of time in the room.  Great location and friendly service. Some rooms are rather old or unrefurbished but thats okay. The value for money is great.  Breakfast gets really crowded but that's how it is a in a vibrant city.  Definitely a good hotel for 2-3 days of London and for tourists.  I will return.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible hotel,"Really terrible hotel out of Hilton name and service. Located in Arab quarter.Worn out, smoked, leaking bath and tap. Tried to charge my card for nothing twice. Strongly Don’t recommend.only breakfast is ok.Dmitry",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a top hotel.,"Rooms very small with nowhere to hang the shower towels. Breakfasts very disappointing with no bacon, pork sausages or black pudding. Generally clean and tidy but overpriced for what you get. There are cheaper better hotels more centrally places though it is convenient 1km from Paddington Station.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really nice,Stayed here many years ago and can honestly say much better with modern renovations and improved beds.  Well placed to get around to many London locations.  Breakfast good but it appears they no less beer offer an egg chef service.  Good place to stay ,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Hotel Stay at Hilton Metropole London,"Just completed a fabulous long bank holiday weekend break with our young family, at The Hilton London Metropole Hotel.   Whilst Edgware Road tube is directly opposite the hotel, it was more convenient to drive, as parking is available under the hotel.  Huge thanks to Dede and Everyita, for organising our room upgrade. It was just right, for our family, being close to the swimming pool and Executive Lounge.  All the staff were fantastic, from Tariq, the concierge who made my boys feel welcomed and settled, the resturant team in Fianna?, to the amazing Monica and Adriana in the Executive Lounge.   Both ladies were instrumental, in making our stay memorable, ensuring that everyone felt looked after and special.  The hotel is huge, with 3 towers, but despite having business seminars…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed our stay,"We found the staff to be really friendly and helpful, both check in and breakfast staff. The room was ok but a little dated. The fridge didn’t work. Aircon was great. The beds were pretty hard and creaked a lot when you turned over. Ice machine on floor didn’t work and looked very old.  Excellently places to Visit the sights of London. I was almost put off by other reviews of this hotel but we found it to be fine and would stay again.  This hotel could be much better if little things were fixed and improved but we had no real complaints.  In our opinion the staff were a credit to the hotel although other reviews would say the opposite. ",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ex Smoking Rooms still in use!!,"Sadly once again I have had a major issue with my stay at the Hilton this week - I was put in room 2323 and was told this was a delux room, when I got to the 23rd floor I noticed a very distinct old smoking smell, which was even worse in my room!  I decided to just accept it and stayed in the room, which was extremely hard as the room absolutely smelt of old stale cigarettes, when I woke this morning, I felt sick and I and my clothes and bags now smell of stale cigarette smoke.  I complained to reception, who to be honest was very apologetic, but did confirm that they try to avoid putting people in these rooms as they were smoking rooms - this made me feel extremely angry as I should of been told it was an ex smoking room, you should either not be placing people in those rooms…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Metropole- great spot!,"Two things to disclose:  we were there during the royal wedding (not on purpose!) and we have silver status with Hilton so this review may be a little abhorrent. The location is one block from the metro, and London’s metro system is incredibly efficient so getting anywhere is a breeze. Nothing is really walkable in less than 30 minutes. SoHo was about a 35 minute walk but it’s also kind of fun to do that; you just waste a little time. We got upgraded to a suite and it was awsome. It was basically two adjoining rooms and one had been converted into a living area. The view from the sky bar is fantastic! Definitely go up there for a drink. We had access to the executive lounge and the food is not too shabby (and free!). The restaurant downstairs is pretty good too (the burger was…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor Show Hilton.,I stayed at the Hilton London Metropole over the bank holiday weekend and what a let-down.   The staff are quite rude and unprofessional.  The rooms are extremely poor un-maintained and dirty.  I was shocked that the hotel staff admitted that the web pictures are not representative of a room you will be allocated and that they are there just to show the rooms - is this not miss selling?  Do not look at the web and expect any room that might slightly represent any research you may do. The bathrooms are dirty and poorly maintain they are smell and mouldy and are quite unhygienic.  I have never experienced such a poor standard.  In the rooms we were offered none had TV that worked most of them had broken toilets and the standard of decoration quite poor and unexpected.  Be aware of…,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Maybe I struck it lucky,I am not a fan of large hotels (and believe me this is a large hotel) but I had to attend a function close by so - despite the unflattering remarks by some reviewers - I made a reservation. The staff on reception were extremely friendly and efficient. I was given an upgrade to an Executive room which was well laid out with plenty of space and a pristine bathroom. The public areas appeared to be well maintained. There is a selection of bars and eating choices so this helps to ensure that the hotel guests do not tend to congregate in any particular part of the hotel. A room service breakfast and I was on my way. Still not a fan of large hotels but I would not dissuade anyone from using the Metropole.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice people but the hotel is aging,"We had a nice stay here, however, there were things that desperately need updating.  One is, the ice machine did not work on our floor.  Also, the refrigerator was not working, but we did not feel like dealing with having to report what was broken.  The beds were not soft, but I think this is a European thing. The rooms were expected size for a Hilton so we were pleased about that. The Starbucks and convenience store is nice in the lobby, but it closes way too early.  It would have been nice to go there rather than having to venture out of the hotel itself in the evening.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ugh,"Entire hotel poorly managed, decrepit infrastructure. Hard to believe it is the largest Hilton in Europe. Convention reception stuffy and miserably hot as ate our rooms. Main lobby floor bathrooms closed for cleanup during busiest 9 am time of conference. Are they trying to be mediocre or not thinking?   Tiny room, needs touch up, noise in room. Good access to Paddington and Edgwar tube stations.  ",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole,"I stays there one week and it is Good choice for the price.  Easy to get around in London not far from oxford street to shop around, if someone looking for cheap hotel they try here even though it is not very cheap but it good value for price",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dated hotel ,Should not be called a Hilton bed hard staff really nice and knowledgeable even sitting chair in room worn down bathtub has rust... very large hotel wish it was more update but great location right off main road ,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, the breakfast is not worth it","Nice Hotel, awesome as a conference location. The breakfast is not worthy and does not fit the class and price of this hotel. The gym unfortunately closes as 10pm and is only accessible from one wing of the hotel.  For Germans, paying is not possible by ""EC Karte"", you need cash or a credit card.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms need to be updated,"I choose this hotel because it was near Regents Park Open Air Theatre. (Normally I stay more central London). The room was nice a spacious but it is obviously had not been updated in a long time.  The room needs better located outlets and add ports to make phone charging easier.  Some of the wood panels had wood rot.  Another issue is the elevators.  Due to the number of tour groups and their location, it often took over 15 minutes to get onto an elevator.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Splendid hotel - right next to Edgware Road tube station - great value for money!,"Nice, clean hotel which is ideal for a weekend in London - especially if you are travelling with kids. Close to everything really. The breakfast is nice and varied and the pancake machine is a hit with the young ones.  The hotel is super well located right next to Edgware Road Underground Station as well as many buslines. The only minus during our stay was the waiting time at the Italian Style restaurant and also the pizzas for the kids had far too much cheese - but then again, why eat italian when visiting London? Much recommended!",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Appalling customer service,"Where do I start...  Air conditioning screen does not function, call the desk and they send an engineer up. 20 minutes later... he’s trying to fix it but unable to. While he is here I get a call from front desk asking if I’ve figured out how to use the air conditioning yet. I’m not an idiot, it is a problem with the display not working not my lack of ability to work the unit. Engineer cannot fix the issue other than turn the temperature to the coldest setting from central computer. Lady on phone advises that I ring up in the morning to book another engineer come and have a go at fixing the issue. I called by in the morning and explained that I will have do not disturb on the door as I don’t want my room made up by the maids, and they said that I can give my permission to…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sky 23- horrible ,"It was a terrible experience at sky 23. We ordered the rib-eye steak for 3, but they offered the pork,as below photos , for us. We complained to the waitress and she said she will asked the chef, and then chef was coming and said he was 100% sure that it was a steak!!!! Are u kidding me? The taste and flavor was a pork. It was really unbelievable they laid to the customers. I strongly do not recommend this restaurant. If sky 23 is not related to Hilton, it shouldn’t have the poster at the ground floor, it would make the customers misunderstand. ",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Gentle giant,"Given my preference for small hotels I was very pleasantly surprised to find this very big hotel decidedly enjoyable and friendly. Simple and excellent front desk service, a comfortable room and a decent executive lounge.  I have an upcoming stay at another Hilton which I am going to change to the Metropole as I think the proximity of Paddington station for outweighs its ‘slight’ out of town location.  Edgware Rd rube is virtually next door meaning west end venues are easily accessible.   This will be the final test.  I left a shirt in my room. Have contacted their lost property dept and will wait in hope it will be returned to me.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"Hilton London Metropole, we stayed here on the start of our 10 day vacation and the end of our vacation, a real modern hi rise hotel we were on the 7th and 17th floor, rooms were not overly big but had all the conveniences necessary",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dream stay,"We stayed at Hilton in Edgware Rd almost a month ago. Only women, a very classy hen's party, and our stay at Hilton Metropole was exceptional. I would like to thank all the Staff of the Hotel for extraordinary service, you made us feel like princesses!  The hotel is situated in strategic position, close to Paddington station and Edgware tube station. We got special attention from the very beginning with booking agents Francesca and Alba, they were really helpful in satisfying all our requests in organising our stay before our arrival. We made everything directly with them, and got a nice rate and amazing service. Consider that the deposit is requested on arrival: preauthorisation on your credit card or in cash, given back on departure. The Hotel is really big inside with all the…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"A bit old, but in Hilton standard","Nice location, can use Heathrow express to Paddington station and walk 5 min to hotel  Can walk to bond street in 15 min   M&S in front hotel  Nice concierge Nice breakfast  But Room to old  Hot shower can't control temperature Room no heater, we try maximum heating but wind still cool ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,K,"An absolutely beautiful hotel. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. Tariq assisted me, he was very knowledgeable and helpful. Coming from a different country it’s very nice to have someone who can understand and assist you. After being in Paris for a long rough week, London’s Hilton Property and Staff were very pleasant and refreshing. I will definitely be coming back soon !",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"I read many bad reviews. I stayed in more than 500 hotels world wide and this is my review  Hotel is opposite Edgeware Road Station. Walking distance less than 15 minutes to Oxford Street, Hyde Park and Paddington  During my previous few visits to London, when I booked Single Room for ONE person. It's with Single Bed and Tiny Room  At Hilton, I booked Deluxe Room which is huge with TWO double beds and with a view of the city. My friend is staying in standard room where there's a Double bed  Breakfast is fabulous with lots of spreads though different juices are not that good but only Orange Juice is drinkable and very good  It's a hotel with 1,089 rooms and I appreciate staff are doing their best to provide a great service  Many shops and restaurants are around, mostly Muslim…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Has to be the worst Hilton existing, never again.","Well this is the second time this has happened to me, I check in, I get a room, go to room and not what I had booked, go back down stairs (room is always the furthest away). Tell them and they say well we upgraded you (to smaller room, 2 beds and not one). You have to argue with them to get the right room. They also seem to care more about the large groups of tourists than the repeat guests. Never again as the Paddington Hilton is FAR better and the front desk people don't have attitudes. I did contact the front desk and they never got in touch with me about room issues.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good for Business Traveller,"A smart, efficient hotel with helpful staff. We upgraded to an executive double room which was spacious. Buffet in the lounge was adequate, though slow to refill. Staff was quick to respond when asked for cups & spoons, but I was surprised they allowed them to run out at all. I liked that there was both a tub & shower and a spacious vanity. The room could use a refresh (holes in the blackout curtain, peeling paint in the bathroom) but overall was adequate.  AC wasn't cooling on arrival, but maintenance arrived promptly. Across the street from Edgeware road tube station, solid 5 minute walk from Paddington station and connections to Heathrow. When oh when will Hilton replace Peter Roth with a different toiletry brand?  It makes my dry skin itch. For now, I bring my own shampoo,…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and great Location,"Good size beds and really comfy too and room size was also adequate for 4 adults.  The breakfast at this hotel is fantastic and caters for everyone and there is so much choice.  It has to be the best buffet breakfast in London!   All the staff are very pleasant and helpful.  The Sky Bar has a great view of London, especially at night time so make sure you pay a visit.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One night stay with friends,Stayed here for one night in January. The hotel is massive with lots of facilities. The rooms were well decorated and large. It was a friends birthday and the hotel put a balloon and cake in the room which was lovely. The two negatives are that when we checked out the male receptionist was extremely unhelpful when we asked for help printing something. He was quite rude and couldn’t even look up from his desk as we spoke to him. Also we had broken sleep due to some noisy teenagers staying in the room next door to ours. They were up most of the night screaming in the corridors. This is not the hotels fault but meant we did not have the best sleep. ,Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good solid business class Hotel,"Very nice rooms, mattress on the bed looked a little thin but it was comfortable. I didn't try the breakfast but did have a meal in one of the hotel bars which was tasty if a little pricey. The staff were very attentive and friendly as well. Edgeware Road tube station is only across the road so it is very easy to get around London from here as well.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large,  convenient location. ","Stayed for a couple of nights on the 21st floor of the Tower wing. Room fairly quiet,  bed comfortable,  great views over central London. Located near to two tube stations.  It's a very large,  very busy hotel however despite this the staff I encountered were friendly and had time for me.   Bearing in mind the huge catering operation required to feed so many guests,  breakfast was great.   The hotel parking was very reasonable considering the location",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very average,"Location - not great, about 30 minute walk from Oxford Street, which was the closest attraction. Hotel - very large hotel, lot of activity downstairs. Room - very small, apparently we had a deluxe room with our tour, Globus. It was very small, could barely fit suitcases in, even staff that brought suitcases up, commented on how small the room was. This definitely was not a deluxe room. Staff were going to move us into a standard room, which is apparently smaller. Rooms could not really get any smaller. Beds - were just ok. Air conditioning worked well.  Bathroom - was very average, door was rotting, bathroom needs a revamp. Breakfast was included - and was actually nice. Service - good. Wifi - good. I won't stay in this hotel again, there's plenty of other better hotels in…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well located and getting renovated!,"I stayed at the Hilton Metropole for a week.  The reception is large and there are sufficient F&B offerings available at the site, but being in such a central location, that's not really a limitation.  The best part of the hotel is its location.  Within 10 minutes by foot of Paddington, Edgware Road, and Marleybone stations, you can get anywhere across the city.  I was lucky enough to get a removed room.  These are nice though there is slightly too much sound transfer from the hallway and water pressure in the showers was a bit weak.  Overall, good functional stay.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A disgrace to the brand. Do not stay here.,"I stayed here for one night following the London Marathon hoping for some of the Hilton luxury.  I was extremely disappointed by this hotel, I even went back down to ask if a mistake had been with the room I had been given.  I was given a room in the 'Tower Wing' which they call a 'Deluxe' room. This was a complementary upgrade from the 'Standard' room being a Hilton Honors member.  This was the worst hotel room I have ever been in worldwide, I don't understand how they can continue to brand this hotel as a Hilton.  Broken and heavily worn furniture, filthy carpet, a stale pungent odor of years gone by.  The bed was the most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in.   The air conditioning in this room did not work, running at 26 degrees all night.  The 'Make it Right' promise is…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,Hotel is in a great location. Very close to tube station and only a short walk to Marble Arch and Oxford Street. Good value for money. Service from hotel staff was excellent. Special mention to Tariq who went above and beyond- a real credit to the Hilton London Metropole.,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Location is good ,but the room isnt that nice!","I didnt really like the room,it was really small,we book 4 rooms(all family)and all of us got 2 single bed,hilton should have provide us room with double bed. The lobby was good,they had lounge and good drinks. And location is good near many stores, but its more like an Arab area.Many good restaurant around and walking distance to oxford street.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel , Great location ","One of the best parts of this hotel is its location!  Located on the busy yet picturesque Edgeware road, definitely makes things easier in terms of convenience. The hotel itself is top notch as you would expect from a Hilton hotel. Check-in was smooth and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel lobby was just awesome to relax and unwind while sipping on a cold one!  In terms of the rooms, we got the deluxe rooms which were plenty spacious and comfortable, offering a great view of the city.  The breakfast however was mediocre; with the same offerings everyday during our stay, but the waitresses were very friendly and helpful.  The area itself is very central and convenient to get about, there’s plenty of eateries around, even a few middle eastern restaurants, and a…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay at Hilton,"I realized Hilton brand is very different in different countries. The same brand in many Asian countries gives you a 5 star experience, however this one didn't feel that way.   Great proximity to underground, buzzing location with food joints, service is average - at least 5 GBP if you order anything from room service even a bottle of water. And you will be still charged if you called for water and then offered to come down to collect the same!  Busy hotel with busy restaurant so attention to details by staff especially in the reception can be better.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Refurbished rooms are great, overal experience average","We were lucky enough to stay on one of the renovated floors. The room we had was really nice although small. Unfortunately there were still dirty dishes outside of our room from a previous guest and there was also a bunch of trash left by a previous guest in the closet that was missed by the cleaning staff. The food and drinks in the lobby bar were absolutely fantastic. The breakfast buffet was tasty but chaotic because of the hundreds of people having breakfast at the same time and also because the setup was pretty disorganised (empty plates in the middle of the buffet instead of at the sides, only one bread toaster that was placed at the narrowest part, ...). I felt there was a lot of improvement there, mostly if it was organised more efficiently.",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,bank holiday brake,visited  this hotel on the bank holiday weekend as i arrived to check in all the desks were busy the lobby ambassador mahmodou stepped in to help out what a great gent he is very friendly and trying his best to help to make sure my stay was brilliant he made sure i had great hospitality all through my stay this man deserves a raise for all his hard work i got upgraded to a superior suite as t air con was leaving a bad smell the room i got moved to was super clean and service was wicked  will defo come stay here a 5* rating for sure  3 visit within the last 18months keep up the good work 👍🏽,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic!,"Here at present and it’s been amazing. Check in was smooth, friendly and hassle free. Room is clean and airy. Bed is comfortable. In general it’s immaculate. The sky bar has the most amazing views over London especially at night.  Would highly recommend this to couples or families.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rather too large and impersonal,"My room on the 17 floor was clean, spacious and very comfortable. The bathroom was also very clean with nice fluffy towels and complimentary toiletries. The restaurant is near to the sports bar which tends to be very noisy when football is on the TV therefore a quiet dinner if off the menu! The staff appear to be very rushed in the dining room during both breakfast and dinner.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Reserve a refurbished room or don't stay here,"We stayed here due to a conference location. Initially we were in the Tower in a non refurbished room. Not only was the bathroom paint peeling, but the bath/shower itself was dirty. Workable until we lay on the bed and could feel the board underneath. Very uncomfortable first night until we were upgraded to a refurbished room after complaining. Bed in this room was fine. Bathroom newer, although shower handle kept falling off.... Our colleagues who were unable to change rooms changed hotels. Despite appreciating the upgrade to a room with a comfortable bed, we won't be staying here for the next conference as a Google search shows close options with comparable or better pricing for newer rooms with significantly more positive reviews.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very poor,"I just stayed in the Hilton London Metropole for two nights over the weekend. When we arrived we were given an upgrade to a “more spacious” room, which we were grateful for. However, upon getting to our room, we were met by a very basic room with not much space around the two single beds. The room had very few plug sockets, no bedside lamp, cracked paintwork in the bathroom and very little privacy. Right outside our room window was the lifts - at least one of which has glass sides. We had thought to start with that the outside of the windows are probably tinted or mirrored for privacy, but after riding in the lift and seeing other rooms lying tucked up in bed - we realised this wasn’t the case. It would have been nice to open the curtains when we were in the room but as we…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location but awful rooms ,Fantastic location but awful room. The decor was dull and the furniture very scruffy. The bedsheets were stained as well as the carpets. On a more positive note the bathroom was sparkly clean.  The food was good but served in quite small portions considering the high price charged.  Not a great experience overall. Would not recommend. ,Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and hotel but do not stay in the rooms,"Stayed at this hotel for one night only. Reception busy but good check out on line. Staff a plus. Good location and this is a large hotel with a lovely reception area and it has a really good atmosphere and perfect decor downstairs. You can drink/eat at the Edg bar, Fiamma, The Rackhouse and Herb n’ kitchen, so loads of choice. Very impressed downstairs, then we went upstairs to our Tower room. This room is in serious need of TLC. The door looked like someone had broken into it and no one had bothered to fix it, the bathroom had a shower curtain rather than a shower screen and mould was present, the carpet was so dated but the bed was ok. On the subject of the bed, this was twin beds but the two beds were stuck together and no way of moving them apart. Shower warm and powerful.…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Perfect accomodation, we felt like princesses (or queens). Hightly recommended. Surely I'm looking forward to come back in August. Thumbs up for everyone I met during my stay or I talked to. Francesca from reservation was very kind and helpful. Same for Alfredo from reception who followed us during the check-in. See you soon. Such a great hotel, such a great staff.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A weekend in London.,"Adequate accommodation with no frills, overall the hotel although busy is in dire need of refurbishment. Breakfast facilities acceptable due to the access to the executive facilities. All in all I would not recommend this hotel given the choices available in London.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful,"I stayed in room 605 for two nights on business and it was arguably the worst hotel experience of my life. The room was dirty (nuts on the floor, SIM card in the window, very filthy carpet). The faucet in the bathroom was falling apart and the shower was leaking at the fixing. The room is so tiny it’s almost no space even for a carry on. More importantly though, there was a small amount of water left in one of the glasses EVEN THOUGH the maid had put a paper cap over it as if it was cleaned and unused. All this in a Hilton? Seriously? I am a Hilton Honors member and this experience has left me lost for words. I am never staying in this hotel again.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Honeymoon nightmare,We were offered a upgrade it was more a downgrade.. broken items in our room and also not refunded to my debit card when they offered to pay.. spoilt my honeymoon my wife was so distraught.. we left early,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Stay,"Having just returned from the a stay at the Hilton Metropole I feel compelled to write a review.  From check in through to check out I couldn't fault this hotel and it's staff.  We stayed in a superior queen room and it was my sister and mum's birthday so we had a lovely surprise of cake when we got to our room.  The room itself was large and had fab views ideal for my mum who is in a wheelchair.  The staff were so helpful and when we rang for assistance they were so efficient.  On the whole this was a fantastic stay made even more so by staff, right from the reception, the concierge, the restaurant staff to the housekeeping.  We will definitely be returning.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Very good service. We arrived 5 hours before check in, but the Nice young æady at the counter made sure that we could get our room immediately. A nice room with a King size bed. The room is nice but a bit old and used but then again you only have to sleep here. The cleaning staff is very Nice and they do their work well. There are Many different bars, dining areas and shopping possibilities in the area. We lived on the 5th floor and the view could be better, but it was okay.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,First time and mast time in a Hilton,Horrible...Never again. The ground floor is fine the rest is kind of falling apart...   - Weird stains on the carpet - Half destroyed lamps - Expired milk that got me sick - 26 degrees in the room (AC not working at all) - Outdated and Rusty gym - Insane cleaning service (left our grocery shopping bag in the bed under the covers)  Hilton solution? Pay for an upgrade ...,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hilton, is it","Well they dont provide water in rooms now and i was amazed.  Still i asked for slippers and water and they provided slippers in room but water at counter, what type of hospitality is this, putting coffee, milk but no water. when you are giving a two small bottles of water and i have to carry it to my rooms.  The rooms need renovation the seats fabric were not in good condition, washrooms were old style.  This is a Arabic version of london as its on edgeware road so ready to find and meet Arab people around you.  Mostly business personnel seen here this hotel has a huge capacity with different eating options and bars.  Well for me its a bit rushy hotel, breakfast was good but staff was so busy that they even forget to ask you about coffee/tea, coffee was not good though Fresh…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Okay for a night,This was a 1 night stay on business and its a very large hotel - so I was put in the west wing 1 of 3 towers which was a fair walk and very empty - when i got to the room carrying my cases the card wouldnt work so I went back to the front desk who then informed my I should have picked up the tephone in the hallway by the lifts - then gave me a new card!  The room was dated and the batroom sink was cracked. the room was clean and the view uninspiring  Staff at desk are OK and helpful   Next to Padddington tube so easy to get to places   The area around the hotel shuts down early so not many places outside for eats / drinks,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK for a night,"This seems to be more of a businessman's hotel and not so great for tourists,  Our first stay was in a spacious room with mediocre amenities, not including a clock.  It had the tiny European style bathroom, but was otherwise quite comfortable.  Our second, a few days later, was in a much smaller room with a bathroom that must have been designed for pygmies and an uncontrollable thermostat. The reception area is nice and staff were extremely helpful except that requested wakeup calls never materialized.  The bar is OK but somewhat noisy but they won my heart by having wings on the menu that resembled Buffalo wings, a welcome break from 10 days of   fish and British overdone beef.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice but only after a wee moan...,"Great location only ten mins walk from Paddington station. Reception gives a great first impression and staff were friendly and polite.  Given 2 rooms both in east wing on 4th floor, both very disappointing. Exceptionally hot and a/c not making any difference. Also room was very tired and scruffy looking.  As honours diamond members we didn’t expect to be given older rooms when there were newly refurbished rooms available.  After asking at the desk about moving they kindly reallocated us to 7th floor in the west wing which had been refurbished and was much more like we had expected.  It’s a shame that the exec lounge is back in the east wing, this lounge is also far too small for the number of guests in the evening. Proven in that a lot of guests came in and left due to not…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what one expects at Hilton,"We stayed here on the last night of an 8 day Globus tour, had it been the first night of tour we would have been back on plane! Staff was not prepared to deal with out bus of 30, we all took our own bags up to rooms-note tour cost includes porters handling bags. Our room was in a a very modern tower, clean. Sunday morning we had no hot water, no hairdryer. Breakfast was crowded and tasteless. Staff while all pleasant and polite could not answer questions. We asked staff, concierge, two doormen and Globus rep for local pub to walk to for dinner they had nothing to offer, didn’t know of one. We walked two blocks to pub which was nice. However, neighborhood is dicey, homeless sleeping on sidewalk. Arabic first language of area-all shop signs were in Arabic. Location is not near an…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tower Wing - Very meh.,"The location of this hotel is pretty good and the staff were very helpful - Mike on reception was very helpful. I stayed in the Tower Wing and the corridors look very tired and room decor is tired. Which is a shame as the reception and bar area looked decent.   The bed is very hard and not particularly comfortable. Wi-Fi in the room was pretty good though. I've seen some reviews say this is one of the best hiltons in London - I highly disagree. If location isn't important to you - I highly recommend a room in London Hilton Park Lane instead. It will be fine for one night, if only it had a decent bed - I can deal with the old decor and fittings but the bad quality bed is pretty bad.",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay for the London Marathon,Absolutely fantastic hotel with extremely helpful staff. I stopped here as the location is ideal from Euston and has both Edgware Rd and Paddington stations nearby. Comfortable sleep and room quality was superb.,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor beds..,"Stayed here for a weekend in April, good location with Edgeware Rd tube station within a few hundred metres. Didn't make the most of all the facilities so can't fully comment on them.  We did visit Bar 23, which had amazing views over London. Good sized room but the down points were;  1- We had no view other than the room windows across a gap between the buildings. 2- The sink plug was broken by the housekeeping but they did nothing about it. 3- The bed was quite possibly the worst I've slept in, EVER.  Extremely worn mattress which was hard in some parts, springs could be felt through the fabic in others and a large dip in the centre of one side.  It was obvious that 2 single matresses had been pushed together to form a double and both were worn to different levels.  Honestly,…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stayed two nights for business event,"Attended the IT Nation Europe event last week and stayed at this hotel.  First impression is the hotel is good, it is huge however I wasn’t impressed with the rooms.  The hotel looks tired in places and needs maintenance, the main public areas are nice and well kept.  The event was great and the hotel was setup well for this due to the size of the place.  The gym isn’t the best, quite basic for a living well advertised gym.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average hotel but expensive,"My wife and I and son stayed at this hotel this past weekend to run the London Marathon. We paid £264 for one night including breakfast. We had quite a long wait at check in but the hotel was busy. Our room was in the west wing and was a decent size with two double beds. We did not have enough towels or toiletries. We telephoned three times and each time we were brought some of the items. Initially towels,then some soap and bafflingly a razor,finally some shampoo and gel. I think the message was not correct,y relayed to housekeeping. Anyway we finally received out stuff. The room and public spaces in the hotel was very clean. The west wing is in need of some refurbishment in the corridors and carpets. The shower was so so. Bed was comfortable. WiFi was good. We ate Italian in…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced, tired and shabby","It’s not often I leave negative reviews but given the cost of this place I felt I had to. Having spent the better part of the last 2 months at Hilton Hotels around the UK and US, this was by far the worst one I’ve stayed at so far.  I’ll start with the positives though, it’s close to the subway and to Hyde park and oxford street. The staff were reasonably friendly and room service was very quick and efficient.  There were dents on the walls, which to be honest isn’t all that important in the grand scheme of things, but it showed lack of attention by the hotel ownership. The bath panel was worn and warped and hanging off from water damage. The bathroom smelled vaguely of drains.   There were very few plug sockets, and those there were were in the most awkward of places.   The bed…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay in the Hilton Metropole!,"Family stay for one night. All staff made us feel very welcome from arrival until we left. Door staff made a great effort to be friendly and welcoming. All breakfast / Restaurant Staff made my children feel at home and made a great fuss of them. Great nights sleep. Easy parking. Well done Hilton, you did it again. Thank you.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay,"We stayed here this past April for one week. We are a family of five and we booked a family room. The room was a good size with 2 queen beds and one sofa bed. The beds were comfortable and the room was clean. The hotel staff were very nice and the concierge team were all so helpful. Especially Byram. He was so nice and went out of his way to find information for me. The location was great with the Edgeware station right across the street. There are cafe's and a Marks and Spencer across the road. My only complaint would be that the hotel kept their shop with snacks, drinks etc...  open to at least until 10:00 pm. I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially for families.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well above average for central London,I stayed here for two nights on business and would recommend.  Comfortable rooms and good location. Less than a 5 minute walk to the Tube.  Unfortunately I didn't get to use the swimming pool. Staff were helpful and friendly.,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lovely room, great staff","Went for a large awards dinner, the hotel was really busy but didn’t feel hectic. The staff are great and they went out of their way to get the experience right. I was in the tower wing (19th floor) great new rooms, fabulous bed and immaculately clean! ",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,House Keeping Seriously Lacking,"This hotel is a mixed bag and while there are good parts I would certainly not stay here again.  Breaking it down:  *Check in- I'd requested the early check-in that costs around 50 pounds. Upon arrival it wasn't available but they got us a room by 11am with no charge which was nice  *Room - Good size for London and firm but comfortable bed.  In need of serious refreshing, stains on carpet and peeling paint in bathroom. My co-worker had an in room phone that didn't work and instead of fixing it they removed it.  *Breakfast buffet - This is the worst buffet I've ever had, watery fake eggs, unappetizing meats and standard continental fare. It was packed and almost impossible to get coffee or request an omlet.  Apparently free breakfast is included in many rates luckily not for us…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid,"While the team will try to do its best this is an avoid at all costs if you are on business traveling. West wing: bigger old rooms, with weird vibration and humming sound, and a lame shower. East wing: no AC and they may send you a fan or two. Again, the team would you do their best but look for somewhere else - maybe another Hilton if you are HH as me - if you come tired and ready to sleep and recover fresh. Sorry. It’s 1am and that’s the room temperature in Celsius after engineer came and fix. Let’s say is a warm stay indeed. ",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Be careful thieves are there!!,The housekeeper stole my 3 jackets that were in the closet!! I called back the hotel after my check out and they told me that they didn’t find anything. Someone from the administration called me back to tell me that I was lying and their housekeeper is telling the truth! They don’t even asked for the value of those jackets and they don’t even offer me anything to cover this.  The manager told me that Hilton is not responsible if our staff is stolen from the room !  It is hallucinating that this kind of thing actually takes place in a Hilton. Calls and mails were really disrespectful!,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Still one of the better London hotels!,"I have stayed numerous times at this hotel and have never been disappointed. First a caveat. This is one of if not the largest hotel in London. If you want service that you may receive at a smaller boutique hotel don’t stay here. This hotel is primarily a business hotel and is run like one. If you are like me and looking for a quality hotel with an unbeatable price this just may be the hotel for you. First it’s within walking distance of Paddington station and this is very convenient when getting into the city on the Heathrow express. Second,it’s across the street from the Bakerloo and the District and Circle underground stations which will take you just about anywhere in central London. I emailed ahead because I needed an early check in. They very kindly filled that request.…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid Sky 23!!!,"Avoid this place as much as you can!The manager is very rude and rassist,the food its not fresh,the desserts are at least 3 weeks old,they serve in the bar frozen pizza from Tesco!!!The tables and chaires give you the feeling you are in a cheap restaurant!!!",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,25-3 to 29-3," We booked the family Queen room. It comes with two Queens size bed .  Perfect for a family of four . We arrived at the hotel at about 12 noon. And check in was very too easy and smooth . Attended by Mr.Wolf from NETHERLANDS. Room was already ready for us .  Which was great after our train trip from Manchester. We choose Hilton London Metropole because of the location and it’s just opposite two train station . Easy to move around everywhere . Shops , supermarket and restaurants just very very near .  Room was superb and very clean . Everyone will friendly and helpful. We were definitely stayed here again if we come to London . 👍👍👍👍👍",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not welcoming, overcharged, checkout fee, ignoring my messages","We recently stayed here for 2 night and booked 2 rooms through booking.com.  We had a couple of questions before the stay so contacted them by email and phone a couple of times.  Right from the outset we just felt like the staff were going through the motions - we didn't feel like a valued customer, just another booking number with 'annoying' questions they had to deal with.  There was nothing genuine about how the staff treated us.  Basically there was an issue with the booking in that booking.com had allowed us to book 1 room with 1 adult and the other room with 2 adults and a 3 year old child.  They told us that their health and safety policy did not allow for 3 in the room we had booked even though we correctly specified who would be in which room.  So we asked if we could…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Yet another visit here,"I think this is my 5th or 6th visit to this hotel (thanks to the conference that is held here every year). However I have no complaints. The rooms are on the smaller side (in the east wing), but this is to be expected in London. Check in and check out were smooth as always.  I used the living well fitness room which is small but has all the usual machines that you need. I went early in the morning when it was not that crowded. I can imagine it being a bit cramped at busy times.  Look forward to coming again sometime!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel and great location,"Stayed 7 nights for IETF.  Great location, walking distance to Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace and other locations. Lots of restaurants and pubs around. Tube station very close and Paddington is 5 mins away. Hotel room is very comfortable, nice restaurants and bars. Gym is small but usable.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible ,"This review is for the Sky 23 roof top restaurant. There’s only one word to it, that’s “ horrible “. First you get a menu with only handful of options in it, then the service deliver you wrong items out of that handful of menu and you figure out that you fork out your money on horrible food which is barely edible. And the cherry on top of the cake is that you been asked why are you leaving your dishes barely touched!!! Touché  You should definitely send your chefs home for sending you out of business! Never going there!",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,one night stay,"have stayed at this hotel before nice hotel, with some recent upgrading to ground floor main area. Very clean, good customer service,the room i stayed in this time had a view of a wall ........ask for room with a view. room lighting was very poor and up lighter lamp didn't work making it quite dark and oppressive. very large king size bed bedding very clean and bed comfortable. last time I stayed the bathroom decor worn and paint on bath panel chipped off ....still the same on this trip.fridge in room not switched on so unable to use. The only information in the room was a menu,no information about hotel facilities e.t.c which is a shame as no info on pool opening times etc. breakfast was very good buffet with lots of choice. overall very good and would definitely stay again…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"This is my least favourite of the Hilton group Hotels in London and I would not choose to stay here again. This was based on the poor nights sleep I got due to noise outside  the window (I think,  although having got up several times in the early hours to try and identify the source I couldn't), plus traffic noise despite being on the 10th floor and doors slamming in the corridor. Also I had to ask for a kettle and hairdryer to be brought to the room when I would expect them to be there already (they were brought promptly that said).  On the positive side the check in was good with a very friendly and helpful member of staff, room clean and bed very comfortable.Quite well placed too. I think the lobby area near the lifts  in the East wing needs to be updated as it is a vast area…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,one-night stopover,"One night stopover between rail and Heathrow. Best part was being able to check in early in the morning--amazing that the rooms were ready. Efficient staffing. Elevators very slow, and two out of commission meant that extra time had to be added to schedule if you were on top floors. Rooms recently rehabbed. Small, but this is London. Great views of the city",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Highly Recommended ,"Myself, husband and 3 children stopped here at the weekend for 2 nights and can highly recommend it , from the moment we checked in to when we left the service was very professional, the staff were all very friendly and all served us with a smile. We had the superior family room which was lovely and very clean. There is a tram station right outside the Hotel ( Edgware Road) and is only a few of stops to centre. Breakfast was all you can eat buffet which was superb and had everything you would want. I would definitely come back again with my family. ",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,"Stayed here for a small trip for a friends birthday, check in was confusing and     woman didn’t understand what I was asking, then when I seen I had been charged a hold on my room I asked about it and No one understood what I was asking so I ended up just leaving it. The tray charge on unnecessary things is terrible, I myself work in a 4 star hotel in Scotland and do Room Service and I’m shocked at when I only asked for tap water or even cutlery I was to get a tray charge, within my work it’s no bother and would never think about charging a tray charge for something that doesn’t require a tray! In fact we only put tray charges on things past a certain price! It’s not like I work for a small company either I work for a huge company and it’s just made me think how good of a place…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Miss nadine ,Here is my feedback at the Hilton metropole.   As a very regular guest. Every time I enter the hotel lobby I feel always happy and welcome  and well greeting from Tariq    He’s a very helpful young man. Always at your service  and very friendly  And also madjit.    They are so helpful. You always feel welcome when you see them.   Tarik well done for your good help and great service.    ,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Really nice hotel and the staff are so helpful. I spoke with two in particular before me stay Laura and Francesco and they could not have been more helpful and made our stay even better with what they achieved for us. The rooms were great, exactly what we needed, breakfast was great, lots of choice and tasted really nice. All the staff were helpful during our stay, nothing was too much. I would stay here again and hope to in the future. Really good location too, we were close to all our activities and taxis were never a problem. Thank you Hilton! ;-0",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great staff ","I have stayed at this hotel for 6 nights over a 3 week period for work purposes and have been really happy with it.  The staff have all been excellent and gone out of their way to be helpful. Especially Mohammed on reception who was polite, cheerful and extremely helpful.  Some of the rooms are a bit dark and I have ended up in smoking rooms twice which means everything smells when you leave. But I have also been lucky enough to get high floor rooms (23rd and 21st) which give a fantastic view of the city.   Location is handy for pretty much everything with the tube station just over the road, but walking distance for some stuff as well.   Overall, good value for money and would recommend.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,'Great Expectations',"Very nice hotel. Our room on 15th floor was clean but quite basic. Not enough wardrobe space though. The en suite was basic but I was impressed with the mirror that didn't steam up. Customer service ranged from good to extremely poor and unfortunately it was the exceptionally poor customer service that is my overall memory of this trip. Check in was good, concierge desk was helpful, room service was a complete disaster, bar staff ranged from friendly to downright rude, as did the breakfast staff. Breakfast was good though. I have always favoured Hilton hotels across the world but I doubt I will be back here. I had great expectations about staying at a Hilton hotel - I was sadly disappointed.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Upgrade tower room really worth it!,"We stayed at the Met in June 2017. The room was spotless and the service immaculate. we were on a mid-level room (which we paid extra for) and had wonderful views over the London skyline! Not a bad area as a base, within walking distance of Hyde Park and Oxford Street, the nearest tube station is just a block away and it is right in the middle of the hustle and bustle of the West End",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best of both worlds,"Located in the midst of a lovely Arab neighborhood, visitors from the Middle East are at ease due to the numerous supermarkets and restaurants offering halal meats and traditional Arabic food downstairs. In the hotel, rooms are clean and the receptionists are very helpful. Also, London landmarks including the London eye, Oxford Street, Harrod’s, and the Marble Arch are extremely close by.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location for Arabic Food,"If you need a Hotel with great experience for Arabic food and Sheesha ( pipe smoking), then you have to stay in this hotel. It is also not far from the famous Oxford street and Hyde park. You can walk in all Edgware street to find many choices of good restaurants.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay Away,"Their are only two reasons that you might select this hotel.  The first: Mohamed at the Concierge Desk - very helpful, knowledgeable and courteous.  The only thing that kept my service rating from being a 1.  The second: very close (60 yds) to the Edgware Road Subway Station which is on the circle line and makes access to most areas very convenient. The only reason I rated location as a 2.  There are many more reasons to stay away.  The hotel is nowhere near Hilton standards.  It is old and in need of a  total rehab in every area.  With the exception noted above, the service is horrendous.  This hotel is located in the middle of middle eastern immigration central.  Don't look for the neighborhood pubs, there aren't any.  There is plenty of middle eastern cuisine if that's your…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good to stay in London,Huge hotel well located close to Hyde Park. Rooms are very big. I got an upgrade to two queen bed room.  Breakfast is ok. Nothing special but you can find everything.   Gym and pool are also up to Hilton standards. ,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,Very busy but this didn't effect the high standard of service. Check in was quick and I was given a free upgrade without requesting. Rooms immaculate.  Drinks pricey (expected as in London) Breakfast - good variety but not very hot and sausages were anaemic looking Sports bar was so cold that we had to leave to watch the rugby in a local pub.  Great location as 5 mins from Paddington.  ,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel,"This hotel is very central. Close to Edgware underground. A very large hotel, so not a particularly personal service, but very professional all the same. We had a problem at check in with regards to payment which took a long time to sort, but once sorted things were fantastic. Rooms were very generic hilton, nothing special, but clean and modern. Breakfast was fantastic, a buffet and huge amounts to choose from. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Fair Hotel With Potential for Great, but Needs Attention to Detail","All in all not a bad stay.  But quite a few minor things that need attention.   Hilton Gold status was recognized and a nice perk at this hotel: I think I got an upgraded room and had access to the Executive Lounge, both appreciated  I don't love this hotel, but keep coming back.  Location is perfect, close to Paddington Station if you're arriving by train (see my review of the Heathrow Express) or by tube.  Edgware station is a 2 minute walk (if you've got the green light to cross) which is the perfect gateway to get anywhere in London.  This is a busy convention, tourist and airline crew hotel.  So it's busy all the time.  It also has a pool, making it a rarity in London and fantastic if you're traveling with kids.  No complaints about the quality of the room.  Everything…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Top Model International Worldwide,We visited here for the Top Model Worldwide International 2018. Can't really comment on the rooms. Staff were helpful and friendly. The air conditioning was on very high and it got chilly as we sat waiting for the results. Toilets were clean and tidy. We had bar food that was nice and fresh. ,Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Memorable stay,"We had a very memorable stay.  We stayed in the tower wing of course the rooms are small.  One should take care in selecting the rooms as they have different wings suiting families, groups and individuals. Staff are friendly.  Very good breakfast.  Good restaurants including health bites.  They have a sky bar but not to the Hilton standards.  They have excellent meeting rooms and very good for Conferences with all facilities.  The location is good.  There are many restaurants and specially catering to the Arabs.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dated and old room,"The common area of  Hilton London Metropole looks great but the condition of the room is a big disappointment- super tired and dated room, the mattress is bad in quality, the windows is dirty and cannot be locked properly. The worst part is the bathroom which looks like a budget hotel to me- some Ibis has way better condition bathroom. The only good part is location of the property.",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Hotel of Horrors,I am a Hilton Honors Diamond member and stayed at the Hilton London Metropole for one night on 18 February 2018. This property is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I am attaching photos of my room so that potential guests can see the standards for themselves. I booked a king room and got two twin beds pushed together; there were so many stains on the carpet that I started to wonder if somebody was killed in there; the handle had been broken and poorly patched back on to the door; the light switches were recessed way back into the wall; the view from the window can only be described as industrial; and I didn't realize how filthy the shower head was until I was standing underneath it. You really just need to look at the photos; there are probably years' worth of water…,Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, 3 day trip to London.","We had 2 nights at the Hilton London Metropole for a family visit to London. (2 adults and one child). We had a Superior Queen room, with two queen sized beds and breakfast.    The location is excellent; walking distance from Paddington station and just across the road from Edgware Road tube station.  There are plenty of shops and restaurants around the hotel, including Tesco, M&S, Pizza Express, KFC and McDonald's.   We had a walk down the Edgware Road into London. (Hotel to Marble Arch to Oxford Street to Regent Street to Leicester Square to Trafalgar Square to Buckingham Palace).  Easy access to London, and lots to do around.  The hotel is big, busy, very clean and extremely friendly.  The staff can't do enough to help, and always smiling.  If you fancy an Indian meal, I'd…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I stayed in a King room on the 7th floor of this hotel for one night,Great location as it's close to Oxford Street and to good transport links. But the hotel itself is unkempt and unimpressive.  The carpert in my room was dirty and the first thing that created me was a strong stench that smelled like rotton food.  I had the most uncomfortable night ever.  I will rate this as poor or below average,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great short break,"Stayed here three nights. First of all the customer service is faultless, so if you run into problems, you can depend on the staff to put it right. This hotel is big, but where my room was situated, there wasn't much walking. Rooms are small (it's London) however decorated to a good standard.   Bathroom was great, looked new. Breakfast was a self service buffet, great choice of everything, my only criticism is it gets very busy and the aisle is quite narrow, but if you get there extra early you should be ok.  ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely reception - old dated rooms,Booked my room through last minute .com. Reception and public areas of the hotel were very nice. Our room was dated and desperately in need or renovation. Bath room full of flaky paint and a bit of mouldy wood. The mattresses had seen better days and definately needed replacing. We had a room in the tower wing - floor 7. I believe the west wing has been renovated. I'd be interested to know whether we paid the same rate for the same type of room as people staying in there.,Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, if unremarkable, stay close to Paddington","Chose the Hilton London Metropole solely for its proximity to Paddington and both Edgware Road tube stations (oh, and it was cheaper than the Hilton Paddington!).  Even Hampton Court Palace was reached fairly easily by tube and then train from Waterloo (HCP in zone 6 so you can use Oyster Cards).  Be sure to purchase Heathrow Express tickets online well in advance for the lowest fares.  Within walking distance of Paddington railway station, however, back was a bit sore after pulling large rollercase down Praed Street for 10-15 minutes! (alternative, more scenic, route via the canal at Paddington Basin/Merchant Square involves more cobblestones, but there's a nice fountain and ultra-modern architecture).  Check-in/out was efficient but not overly friendly; lobby large, bustling…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in London,"Very good location. Train station right across the hotel. Staff was very helpful with check-in and check-out, and allowed me to check out an extra hour. Delicious breakfast selections. Concierge very accommodating too",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Security on the top level,"I forgot (not small) amount of money in the safe box and remembered of it a week later. They were very professional and come back to me immediately after my inquiry. My money was returned! I know that was their obligation, but still very professional from all people involved. Thanks!",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pretty poor for a Hilton,"Staff is very polite and helpful, breakfast is tasty and delicious. But I had to change my room because it smelled like cigarette and wasn't clean. The rooms are not renovated. Not like as expected for a Hilton Hotel.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Everything about it is NOT Hilton quality,"From check in, to Sky bar to Room Service you are being scammed!  From no water in the room, to a franchised bar on the 23rd floor (can't charge to your room) to a £5 charge for room service delivery.   I am a Gold Hilton member and never have I witnessed a Hilton branded hotel be so so low on quality, service and reputation. I will never stay here again and I am (was) loyal to the Hilton brand.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,You can do better.,"I got an unrenovated room. It's basically a 1960's motel room, with a corresponding wear and tear. It's disgusting. It certainly isn't worth the rates they charge; I've had better rooms in London for a third of Hilton's rate.  The area isn't great; while it's close to Paddington and Edgware Road, there isn't much to do nearby, and not a great selection of restaurants. The Chapel down the road is a decent pub.  The service isn't anything to write home about. I took my laundry to the front desk and actually gave it to them at 9:01 exactly; they called housekeeping and were told that they laundry after 9:00 comes back the next day -- which was galling, considering that I was delayed by their broken lift and the long queue at the desk. Only when I insisted did he try to get it…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Mixed experience, friendly staff. Your milage may vary.","I stayed at the Hilton Metropole March 2018 as part of a week-long conference.  I applied originally for the £45 early checkin, knowing that our flight would be getting in very early and I wouldn't have slept on the trans-Atlantic flight.  Upon arriving, the room wasn't ready (this was an understood possibility).  After taking a walk to grab lunch and eventually falling asleep in the hotel bar, we finally got into the room by about 2pm.  Sadly, this was apparently enough to trigger the hotel to say we got in early and make the charge.  Also, the bill had this as a recurring daily charge.  After calling the hotel (e-mail didn't work to the receipt address), the recurring charge was addressed.  Their records claimed we checked in at noon (this was our arrival time), but sadly my…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor service and dodgy 'upgrades',"I have stayed here a couple of times and have been 'upgraded' from a King room to a room with two queen beds. I've had to remind them that this isn't an upgrade as I normally travel alone for business.  My room key didn't work on the second stay and I felt like I was the one at fault. I understand that security is required, but a bit of customer service and pleasant manners would go a long way.   As a Diamond member, I stay in Hilton hotels regularly and would recommend that people stay in Hilton Bankside - far superior customer service, rooms, food, etc, etc.   I don't plan to stay in the Metropole again.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton Experience Ever,"This hotel was beyond terrible. The room looked like it hadn’t been renovated in 20 years. Peeling paint, dirty carpets, stains on the walls, and I can go on. The bathroom looked incredibly ridiculous. The lobby area looks nice, so don’t be fooled. Such a shame that a Hilton hotel is in this quality! Stay elsewhere. ",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old Rooms vs. Renovated Rooms & Clueless Concierge,"We were booked here in early March as part of a tour package. Since we had requested a Twin room we got stuck in one of the old, smelly, dingy rooms. Well, this just would NOT do! So, we and our tour guide talked to one of the receptionists. Turns out, the have nice King-sized beds in their renovated rooms (not listed as an option when we originally booked)! We were able to switch, so that made us happy.  Now, as to the Concierge staff: We were asking about a play we were interested in, but they knew nothing!!! Seems only the Head Concierge knows anything, but he is too busy putting out fires to talk to anyone. NOT what I would have expected. This needs fixing, badly!!!",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Good for Families,"My wife and two young children stayed in a Queen Superior room in the West Wing. We arrived early on Saturday morning and managed to get a room by 12pm. Every member of the front desk we spoke to was helpful and courteous. The room was spacious and modern.   The kids loved the pool and breakfast; my wife and I had good food and drinks in the sports bar (soon to be renamed, I hear).   The hotel is on Edgware Road and within 5 minutes walk of two small supermarkets (Tesco and Sainsbury) and a range of cafes and take-out restaurants. The Chapel pub is 400 yards away and serves high quality English food.   Overall, we really enjoyed our time here and would recommend it to families looking for a fairly central hotel, just half a mile from the Heathrow Express to Paddington.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton Hotel I ever experienced,"Last week I stayed at the Hilton London Metropole for a conference. The rate was over $200 for a standard room, and so I reasonably expected a high quality hotel - instead, I received a the experience of a youth hostel in a third world country.  First, the “cold” water in the room was boiling hot (indistinguishable from the hot water), so for two days there was no possibility of showering. Instead I had to fill the sink with boiling water, wait for it to cool down, and washed using a hand towel. Twice maintenance personnel were sent to “fix the water problem”, but explained that this problem could not be fixed. The only solution offered was to open the tap full and wait for some cold water and then quickly try to shower before it goes away.  The positive side of this is that the…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton Hotel,"Old rooms, elevators broken and too busy, not respect Hhonors status and not informed about lounge, staff confused about if we can or can't have breakfast. Poor breakfast choices. Not possible to control heating system.",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice experience.,"Very nice hotel, staff was great.  Loved the location and access to the underground stations with 2 Edgeware road stations nearby and Paddington Station less than a 10 min walk away. Made access to and from the airport very convenient. We would stay here again on our next visit",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great breakfast,"Enjoyed a two night stay for a mini break in London. Very close to Paddington so able to walk from train station. Room was clean and comfortable. Concierge helpful and friendly. Great breakfast, plenty available, served hot and well cooked. ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sky23 Terrible,"Booked 2 executive rooms in the hotel for a special occasion. Went up to look at the bar and restaurant on the 23rd floor to see if it was going to be suitable for a family meal the following night. The ladies serving at the bar 'end' were fine - friendly, smiling, welcoming etc. However, the lady in the restaurant did NOT want us there. She ordered us out, showed no interest whatsoever and generally made us feel unwelcome and in the way. We had no intention of disturbing the very few diners already eating. She said her manager said she mustn't let anyone in. Needless to say we have decided to hold our celebration away from the hotel. Shame as it would have been a lovely location to ensure a memorable evening. Now we remember Sky23 with a shudder.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It’s a Hilton it’s ok not great. ,"This was my 1st visit to this hotel the receptionist was vary nice on check in. The room I had was on the west wing, I was upgraded as there was no none smoking rooms so the room I had was bigger than expected, a colleague advised me they had stayed here before and they had a really poor room and I have to say there were other guests complaining when I checked out. The hotel is very big and some areas are looking dated . The ice machine on the floor did not work , a dirty sheet on the second bed in the room had obviously not been changed and returning from work for my second nights stay the she had not been changed but just turned over. The bed was ok (premier inn beds are better) and the noise from the guests in the room above me kept me awake until around 1.30am. I may have to…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel for business traveller,"I have read mixed reviews about this hotel, however I liked it. Rooms are a decent size, good facilities available and good executive room. Rooms a little bit tired, but as I stay a lot in London that is nothing unusual. I particularly liked my choice on this occasion as weather was freezing and there was plenty to do in the hotel.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just a mess,"This hotel is a mess from check-in to check-out.  Service was terrible, room had a distinct smell, bugs in my bed, room service put my tooth brush in the corner of the bathroom, and their front desk service staff act more like car salesmen than hotel employees. ",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great service and location ,"Fantastic service from every member of staff!   Hotel is beautiful, we stayed in a refurbed room which was spacious and modern (the other floors which are yet to be renovated did look a bit tatty!)   Swimming pool great although not overly luxurious!   Great location for exploring London as tube station is just across the road ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Renovated rooms are wonderful. Tower rooms not so much,"I've stayed here several times over the last few months. Service is solid and the location is good for the region of London where my office is located. The hotel has been undergoing renovations for roughly the last year; the west wing is the place to be, as the rooms there (certainly the ones I've stayed in) are top notch. The rooms in the ""Tower"" (where the Sky Bar is located) are not so good; they're dated and badly in need of updating.  Prices are generally good (for London) although this is a popular conference venue and when there's a conference on the hotel gets very crowded and noisy.  There are some good restaurants nearby, mostly Middle-Eastern (Lebanese, Persian etc) on Edgware Road.  Hotel will rate a solid four stars when the renovations are complete.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great value!","Despite this being one of the largest hotels in Europe, the service is excellent and still feels very personal.  Like most European hotels, the rooms are very small, but the rooms at the Hilton London Metropole are cosy and comfortable. Closet space is decent, with good quality toiletries in the bathroom. I loved the little window seat, but it's position next to the luggage rack made it awkward to sit down.  Entertainment channels are very limited with just BBC 1 and 2, ITV and Channel 4 for English general entertainment, the rest being sport and foreign language. There are also a good selection of recent general and adult movies at a price.  The tea station is stocked with a good choice of hot beverages and the very British choice of Walkers shortbread, a great way to end off…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Quirky...,"The hotel consists of three buildings, so it’s a bit of a maze to navigate. I was in a refurbished room, but that’s only the innermost layer. Lots of mold on window frames.   Don’t know how they clean their towels, but mine consistently smelt of burnt plastic.   Then there was the incident of refusing two of us into the restaurant for breakfast...  Some staff very good, some not so much. ",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A lot of promise with a lack of delivery. ,"A very disappointing first stay, issues with the integrity of marketing received, the quality of service and room standards. The first non-smoking room I was given stank of smoke and the second room had issues with some of the fixtures - bedside lights not working, holes in the bathroom wall, filthy air vents in the bathroom. The rooms generally are tired and in desperate need of a refurbishment. I shared my feedback with the reception manger the next day and was asked to contact them directly if I needed accomodation in London later in my trip so that they might make things right. When I did contact them I was offered a room at a price higher than I could book directly.   That really sums up the experience ... a lot of promise with a lack of delivery.   Seriously disappointed…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hooooorrible Experience ,"Usually I am happy to stay at Hilton and Hilton associated hotels but Metropole in London is terrible. The service in the reception is rude, unprofessional, totally lack of respect for me as a Gold frequent guest almost at Diamond level. I booked the room as I do every time I travel via my travel agency. And when I stayed in this hotel the first thing this person managed to tell me before welcome and I appreciate your business was “you don’t get any points for this stay.” I asked why and this totally unfriendly person said since you used one of this cheap hotel booking software sites we don’t give you points. I checked my booking and for a crappy uncosy, dirty room I paid 240 pound and this was according to this person so low that I didn’t deserve any points. I hope this is not…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Romantic Break away,I took my partner away for a weekend here and the hotel is lovely. Bed is comfy and fresh. Breakfast in the morning is Ok as well. It's also quite quiet here being away from the main attractions but not too far away. Quick tube or walk and your in the centre of everything,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,How and why can this be,"Went to meet someone at this hotel, used the toilet and what a disgusting disgrace. The condition of the toilet was a sham. A major London hotel making money and they allow this to happen. It makes me wonder if the front of house is like this what is going on back of house. I always look at the toilets, if they are clean then everything should be clean but not at the Hilton, I didn’t stay, changed my meeting to the Marriott",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"So, so",The check in took ages. I’ve never had such a long wait in line and during the check in process as well. The staff was friendly but very tired. The room I booked was not available so they gave me a different one. The shower head was old and looked dirty. The shampoo got replaced by conditioner. The internet was slow. Last but not least the AC stopped working the second and third night. Not worthy of the Hilton brand. ,Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very very average ,Stayed 13/14 March. As normal for london payed massively over the odds for very very average. Such a shame that a chain like the hilton settle for this standard but then again it’s what we have to pay for the privilege of frequenting the capital.   Checkin painfully slow.. and I mean PAINFULLY SLOW!! Room was old and tired. TV channels worse than free view. Tbh like going back in time that the bad 90’s.   My recommendation best avoided.  Paul   ,Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London,This is by far the best Hilton in London.   I've stayed at various properties in London from the Waldorf to The Trafalgar but I always seems to book back here.   Check in is smooth and I'm always upgraded as a Hilton Honors Gold Member bar one visit.   But you can't be upgraded if there's no rooms to be upgraded to.  The executive lounge is very generous and I appreciate the fact I can grab a drink (or several if I'm feeling greedy) after a long day.  The bar staff make the best whisky sours and Old Fashioned in London.   I'll be back within the month. ,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beware of Moths in the room!!,"I was here on business and picked this hotel for the location and value.  However, I would suggest that for just 20 - 30 more Pounds you can afford something much better.  My room had moths - it was absolutely disgusting.  I asked housekeeping about it and they did nothing.  I asked the front desk and they said something like oh so sorry and we'll look into it.  The moths was absolutely horrible- they were hidden inside each large towel- which shows the room was stale or not clean - either way very poor service.  The location is also not ideal as the neighborhood isn't very good.  The food nearby is very ethnic and not the best for London.  I was here on business so I spent most of my time at meetings and had dinners outside the hotel.  But for any families looking for value-…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Earl Grey Martini ,"This cocktail is a must to try.. Served as tea, but with alcohol of course.. very nice to have the Mediterranean platter with it.. if you like sports.. they have a good sportsbar as well with multiple tv's and a big screen",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average..really,"My bed creaked, the mattress was uncomfortable. Had a stain on the carpet, the windows did seem open, so I could hear the traffic and the cold coming in.. I guess I had a room not-refurbished The gym is bad, really small, you feel oppressed (in a hotel with 1,000 rooms) you expect more than 6 cardio machines and some weights.  We had dinner at the sports bar (will be rack bar after renovations) food was okay.  I would not go back",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"I don't think this hotel is on the same level with other Hiltons property wise, looks a bit tired at some places and rooms aren't as good as I'd expect. However the room was spotlessly clean and service was absolutely amazing throughout and that makes up for everything the property lacks. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sky 23 rooftop bar & restaurant,"This is the former “Minako at the Met” Good things first.....the view is still GREAT......but thats about it....  Food was average at best and pricey. Interior is cheap tat and the service patchy. Had liver parfait for staters, which was 3 heavy slices of pate, served  unceremoniously without bread or cracker. Asked fir bread and had to wait 10 minutes for luke warm pita bread that had been seemingly hastily cut into  what could be described as mostly triangles. Main course of a assimilated chicken satay was over cooked and dry without much flavour.  Headed to the bar on the same floor afterwards for a nightcap. One g&t and one bourbon and coke = £34  Again, decor is cheap and a congregation of 3/4 staff members had congregated behind the bar, busy chatting and showed only…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A wonderful 2 night stay.,"I actually cancelled this hotel after reading some of the negative comments on trip advisor. Then after reconsidering thought we would risk it, mainly due to location, We are so glad we did!  Tube station straight across from the hotel with access all over London. Bakerloo line took us to the west end to shows on both the nights we stayed. Also went to Portobello road Market and knightsbridge all via the tube. There is also tfl bicycle hire stands right next to the Hotel. On check-in the really welcoming front of house upgraded our room to deluxe king room on the 15th floor with views over edgeware road we could see the London eye from our room, The room looked recently renovated, plenty of space, we have stayed in hotels in London and other cities which were much smaller. The…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent with a couple of issues,Stayed there early March 18. Got excellent rate (for London) though HHonours. Hotel was clean etc accessible by tube and everything you would expect from a 4 star hotel. Thus the excellent rating. However I was upgraded to an Executive room BUT it was really small. I am a bit worried about what size a normal room would be. The 2nd thing was we had no Iron in the room (presumably nicked by the previous occupants! But it took 2 hours and 5 phone calls and a visit to reception to finally get it to the room. Apparently it was sent to the wrong room but that should have been figured out after the 2nd call. So give yourself plenty of time to order an iron!,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Christmas 2017 stay,"We have stayed at this hotel for several years for the Christmas period. Always family friendly with our two girls. A big thank you to Lavinia, Francesca and Antonella in Fiamma breakfast, evening and EDG bar for looking after us and always having a great welcome and smile dispite the stresses of working over the busy/Christmas period. Also to Joshua and Mohammed in the executive lounge who again were so helpful and welcoming.  Again the executive lounge always immaculate and our rooms always lovely and clean, a credit to the housekeeping.  Previously in the past we have had issues with checking out where errors or duplicated payments were taken, but this was sorted in advance by Matthew Gilbert, who we are extremely grateful for and he also made sure we had connecting rooms…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location- close to everything,"It's a Hilton.. what else do you need? Feels like a shopping mall, than a Hotel.   What I liked: Check-in was super fast, free Wi-Fi if you're a member.  What I didn't: No comment. Nothing springs to mind.. everything was in working order.  Food.. Didn't eat at the Hotel, there are lots of places close by (arguably cheaper).  WI-FI was super fast too  Location: EXCELLENT location, 10 minutes walk from Paddington, where one can take the Heathrow Ex. Opposite Edgware Road Tube station (less than 1 min). I walked from Bond Street in less than 25 minutes.   Would stay again as super central.  ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My $1100 was stolen while staying at Hilton London Metropole.,"I checked into Hilton London Metropole on March 4th. My mom brought $4,600 and my aunt gave $500 to my mom. So I had two separate envelopes at first.  However, since one of the envelopes got wet, I put the money together in one envelope which I received from hotel’s concierge. In total, I put $5,100 in the safe.  We put the money in the safe on March 8th. Before putting the money away, we counted the money twice and made sure the amount was $5,100.  However, at 1am on March 10th, as soon as I took out the envelope from the safe and counted the money again to pack my back, we noticed $1,100 was stolen from the envelope and only $4,000 was in the envelope.  We reported the incident to the hotel on the morning of March 10th.  When we reported it to the hotel's security, the leader…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Central Location, Comfortable & Clean","This hotel I visit quite frequently I must say the staff are polite and attentive when checking in. The rooms are comfortable, clean lots of space and well appointed. I must say the TV channels are a total let down and this was to be an upgrade however with not even free view channels it was very disappointing with only a few uk channels to choose from. When this hotel had such an upgrade this lets the room down. The staff are attentive just get your TV channels sorted out please. The hotel is central and you can access the centre of London.  ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don’t judge a building by its cover!,"This is a very large hotel and reception,Bar, lounge is very spacious . The location of the hotel is perfect for central London with the Edgeware tube station opposite. We stayed in the west wing part of the hotel with modern bedroom facilities.Comfortable beds and large shower. Breakfast was the usual buffet.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,poor service and shappy bedroom,"very disappointing with poor service, some rude staff,long waits for food,no glasses or side plates at breakfast,poor bedroom,shabby bathroom,knocked up at 840am asking was we in,checkout time 12pm,disable toilet messy at 11am.",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired,"Tired rooms, terrible gym that smells bad and with no aircon that works and really, really old kit much worse than you find in budget gyms, average service, expensive.  I just don't know what this hotel is trying to be.  Basics need sorting.  You have to leave a deposit of £30 even if its a prepaid room, which is unusual for Hilton even if you are an Honors member?",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Investment in heating and elevator is required ,"I spent a business week in this Hotel and if everything is clean and the food ok. However, the temperature had more to do with Scandinavia than with a Hilton hotel in London. If I can understand that the cold wave was difficult to anticipate, I cannot understand how such an hotel cannot have a heating system that works properly and this during a full week. it was freezing in the restaurant and in the conference rooms as well...  Last point, it may be time to invest in new elevators, because it is difficult to accept that it takes 15 Minutes to go down to the ground floor in the morning.",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fab hotel,"We stayed here for a long weekend .From check in to checkout  everything was superb. We had a lovely clean,modern room with great views over the city. The location is perfect .Edgware Rd tube station is 1 minute away with direct links to most of the tourist  attractions. The breakfast buffet was great and dinner was also good and reasonably priced. Most of all though, the staff. They were all lovely, polite and friendly.  We can't  praise them enough.We had occasion to speak to Kris, one of the management  team who was superb.   We will return",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Unpleasant smell and poor check in experience ,"Stayed for one night on business trip. First impressions weren't great as the check in experience seemed to be a shambles with not enough people on the desks - I stay in hotels all the time with work and this was the slowest I have been checked in anywhere. When I eventually got to my room on the 21st floor I couldn't help but notice a fishy smell- not pleasant at all, the bathroom was also very dated for a Hilton. Don't like to leave bad reviews but for the price there are far better hotel choices.",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice,"We stayed there last month. The rooms size was perfect, we were 4, and all comfortable. We had queen beds and the girls had a double sofa bed which was perfect for them. Bathroom was a little tight, but we didn't spend much time at the hotel so worked smoothly anyway.  We absolutely loved the breakfast, super complete, we never had issues on getting a table, and the hotel seem to be full. We enjoyed our stay a lot, only thing is that's not centrical, though is just 10 minutes by bus or subway (and the station Edgware road is only one block away). Getting back at night, feeling tired cause we walked the entire day was the part we didn't like about the area. The rest, very good. The guys at the concierge were very helpful.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best location,"Stayed in this hotel every time I visit London and my last stay was January 2018. Has the best location and the staff are extremely friendly and helpful. Two tube stations are very close, Edgware Road and Paddington. You get to Oxford in 15 minutes by walking",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London trip,Stayed in this hotel many times. Good location. Lots of restaurants nearby and about a 15 minute walk to Marble Arch and Oxford Street. Plenty of buses and taxes if you don’t want to walk. Paddington is a lively area and a close walk to Paddington station. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,"Stayed 1 night here - great location for the tube station and restaurants on Edgware Road. Spacious room, comfortable beds and clean bathroom. Only problem was the heater/AC unit - it was extremely loud and was slightly annoying overnight. Overall a great stay here. Reception staff were also very friendly and accommodating. Would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don’t let the swanky lobby fool you!,"I stayed in this hotel at the end of February, thinking its a Hilton in London must be good, right? Oh maybe not... the lobby and reception area is beautifully updated and looks very opulent. Food and in house coffee shop were really good. Now for the bad part. The rooms in the tower. They haven’t been updated since the late 90’s (except for the television which at least was a flat screen)... bathroom was a horror story, leaking shower, extractor fan that was so dirty you couldn’t see any condensation leaving the room. Mould on the ceiling, wall and floor. Three times I had the back of house /maintenance team out, in two days.   When I was assured that the management would address the issues in check out (a little too late I might add) lol and behold, no management to be seen…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor value for money,"I wanted a view of the city from a height - the only reason  I ended up staying here after trawling websites looking for the best deal - I don't think I got it.  The lobby and bars were undeniably impressive if that's your bag but the Deluxe King double on the 22nd floor was a disappointment and most definitely not value for money.  Any questions I had before checking in took me through an annoying overseas call centre that kept me on hold for ages, then knew nothing about the actual hotel branch I was staying at.  The bed was huge and comfy and linen was clean, aircon was noisy and there was an overall tired feel to the room and entire building outside public areas.  I realise this is a chain hotel but the brand needs to stop with the delusions of grandeur and get with reality…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Service was good, room was good, central location but the tv didn't work but i didn't ring down to sort it because it wasn't that important to me. The executive lounge was great . Pricey stay but what do you expect with central london and its a hilton ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,College trip,"Hotel it’s self was lovely, breakfast was fabulous but unfortunately the room was s massive let down compared to last year when I stayed here. We were given a tiny box room right at the end of the corridor when we went in it did not smell fresh, we looked outside on to a big grey wall not far from our window and it was freezing. Myself and my colleague where fully dressed and under the quilt at 5pm to keep warm I called reception they sent an engineer who reset the air con we put it in hot and left the room thinking it would be toasty on our return. When we returned at 11.30pm it was not warm but freezing again  I called reception again and asked for a plug in heater they said they didn’t have one and sent one extra duvet up bearing in mind there was two of us in single beds.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Crappy service,"Currently my wife ,our daughter and i are staying for a week ..it is our anniversary so i bought my wife to uk but to utger disappointment, the service is very slow .. i has asked for the dental kit since a while but uptil now i havent received even though i have called twice.. more over heating is pathetic. Have asked to correct it as well but offcourse nothing has been doon ..overall bad decision to stay here and sad part is roday is my first day and i have to tolerate for a week!",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Only let down was the battering of the door in the morning ,"Great location, good size family rooms, nice breakfast but why does the cleaner find it acceptable to bang on the door repeatedly in the morning to wake us up? It is infuriating being treated like we are on a holiday camp - not a Hilton. We went as a family with kids to the theatre on Saturday night and everyone needed a lay in on Sunday morning to be ready for a day of sightseeing. When breakfast is open until a very reasonable time of 11.30am, a good sleep was exactly what was needed by all after a busy day. The cleaner however had different ideas, banging repeatedly on the door about 10 times as hard as possible. When she had woken everyone up I went to the door and asked why she is banging on my door before 9am when breakfast is served till 11.30am. She just walked away from…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic Breakfast, reasonable base rate for London, rooms OK, but read","I like staying on the upper floors, on the side facing the river (albeit some distance away), great view in that direction of Edgware Rd. and surroundings. I have always found staff here to be very good. Tony the concierge is near legendary. They have an enormous breakfast buffet with anything you could ever want. Based on the location, the rate is reasonable (not cheap), but a couple of warnings on that- there is an extra charge for just about anything and everything you ask for or use. Be sure to check what it may be for internet usage, having a copy made, bucket of ice, having anything brought to your room, etc. Also they secure 50 GBP per night on your card for misc., just in case you do use anything. This is done for your whole stay, in advance. So if you are staying 10…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not As Expected,"When you hear the name Hilton you expect something pretty plush. The rooms are nice enough, but I was here for a conference and facilities are in serious need for an upgrade. Most of the toilets were broken and very dated. The pool area similar. Food was very nice though.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing as always! ,I’ve stayed here a few times and returned last weekend after a decade. I don’t think I could stay at another London hotel again. The location is abso perfect for everything. From eating on Edgware rd to shopping on oxford street. U feel the amazing Arab atmosphere vibe as soon as u enter the door! The two tube stops are 1 min walk across the street and give u access to 3 tubes lines. However the best thing is the service. We got a 90 min early check in. At 11pm we went to bother Amir at the front desk for a hypoallergenic sheet and pillow and for a 30 min late check out the following day so we can pray. The guy couldn’t have made us feel more at home. He sorted the duvet out in 10 mins and gave us a 90min late check out just by becoming Hilton Members and all with a constant…,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"'Executive' Hard to please, Not Disability Focused","1.	On arrival to carpark on Sunday @15:00, we parked the car and proceeded to the lift area to enter the hotel, only to find the lift 'Out Of Order' again, this was in the same position, when I was here in October 2017. Due to my breathing disability, I cannot climb loads of stairs and sometimes triggers off attacks which I  have Oxygen for. We tried to use the phone, but was out of order as well, in the end we had to climb the stairs and was worn out by the time I got to the foyer. Why is it every time we come to this hotel there is an issue with the lift?? Once in foyer my partner had to go to reception to request a Bel Hop for our luggage and a wheelchair as I was totally breathless. 2.       Checked in at reception and voiced my concerns, but do not think my complaint was…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nothing special ,"Great location after that I struggle for anything positive to write, booked an executive room with 2 single beds was persuaded at check in to take a room in the west wing which had 2 double beds.... well both of them creaked and groaned all night when moving. Room was tired and a fair walk back to reception, exec lounge was ok however tables in the evening were at a premium . All in all distinctly average.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Update required family superior rooms,"Stayed 3 nights w 11& 13 yrs kids at 1092 west wing family superior room.  Second visit to this hotel. Location excellent for Heathrow travellers w Heathrow express leaves from Paddington, 5 mins away. Check-in smooth ,express check out. HHonors online check-in possible. Family superior room's beds are terribly hard. Requires desperate update. My & spouse's back were in bad shape after second night. I wish management team would sleep themselves in such beds. WORST Hilton bed ever.  1-2 star hotel level. Bed linens had stains. Asked cleaners to change 2x  but nothing happened. Also in toilet advertised to put a card if one wants sheets to be cahnged but no such cards were available.Second TV didnot work but kids had their own iPads so it did not matter. WIFI speed ok.  BUT had…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Looking for reasonably priced, centrally located hotel for overnight","Fit the bill in most respects, room was perfectly adequate (if nothing special) and it’s only a short walk from Paddington with easy access to Edward Road tube.   Although the room was fine, the corridor from the lift smelt strongly of smoke despite being a non smoking floor.   Breakfast was a huge disappointment for £12. We did go at about 9:30 on Sunday so appreciate his will be a busy time but had to queue to get in, queue again for food (most of which was empty meaning pushing back into the queue to get extras). Overall poor experience. ",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The Great Hotel,"In my last outing in London, I stayed in Hilton London Metropole. I should say it is one of the best hotels in London with a great staff. Everything from room service to breakfast to house keeping is meticulously executed and immaculate. I would like to give a shout out to one staff member in the front desk. His name is Mohammadou. His service at the front desk was really good, he always smiles whenever you see him. He looks like the person who abides by the motto ""that customer comes first"". When we first arrived in the hotel, our room wasnt prepared yet. I have a brother who was very cranky so we needed a hotel room quick. Mohammadou in the other hand took everything under a consideration and helped us out. He is the epitome of what a employee needs to do. Because of his…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Happy Return Visit,"I have recently returned from the Hilton London Metropole following a very pleasant stay. I have used the hotel several times previously, and with the exception of one occasion, which following feedback the hotel addressed my issues, found it to be ideal for my requirements. I arrived earlier than the advertised check in time but had emailed in advance to check if my room would be ready and I would be able to check in early. The reception staff were expecting me, and welcomed me back as a returning guest. check in was pleasant, efficient and professional, and after being offered 2 complimentary bottles of water I was in my room in the West Wing in a matter of minutes. My room was excellent - more than adequate for my needs. Spacious, clean and comfortable, with everything I…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business Trip,"Just on average, which for a main Hilton charging the ridiculous prices I think actually equates to being very poor... The check-in staff were amazing professional and present an amzing front of house ethos, and considering how often I'm away I did get a little excited at thought of staying in a hotel... However after that experience it all went pretty average - Rooms were ""ok"" - Nice view as up high, over London but average decor & fixings.  Staff in exhibition hall were good in getting what we needed to set up an exhibition booth, but were just surly in their attitude... The bar staff were the most impersonal bunch you could wish to meet, and fact that they shut main bar at midnight for residents telling them they could go upstairs to the top floor bar, and then getting there…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Less than average welcome, poor rooms, terrible after service","You have to pay a deposit up front at the reception. They didn's say this to the agent booking for me. So if you are on for a business travel they simply take a portion of your cash there. Then they made a mistake and charged my card for a breakfast with another person, even though the breakfast was included in my package. And for that they disabled my key and i had to go to the reception to pay, after which they realized they made a mistake it took 10 working days to give me back the money. On top of everything, they keep sending me EVERY day spam mails about their offers promotions etc",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Place!!,"Stayed here in December of 2017 with our kids and loved it.This hotel is huge!!!The rooms are updated the bathrooms are very nice and clean,one of the best brand of toiletries I’ve seen.Location was great..Close to Buckingham palace,London Eye,Piccadilly circus,Oxford street,Madam Tussaud’s and much more.Room service was great.Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another great stay at Metropole with first class service,"We recently stayed at the Hilton Metropole (my third visit) and from start to finish we were so impressed with the customer service.  Have never come across a hotel with so many happy and helpful staff.  Those in the main breakfast room should be highly commended for being so hands on, helpful and friendly even when it's at its busiest.  Special mention to Tariq in the restaurant for taking such good care of us and recommending lovely omelettes each morning.  He even went out of his way to come to our table and offer us drinks etc.  Such a lovely touch, having such helpful staff. Another mention goes to the Operations Manager Kris!! What a guy!! Every hotel needs a Kris.  He was so attentive, so patient and so kind to answer all our queries. He had a smile on his face at all…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worn down,"Stayed here on a few occasions on business trips. This was the last time. Very varying rooms from visit to visit with the same type of room booking.   Their standard rooms is no where near a 4 Star room, seen way better 3 Star rooms. The standard rooms are really really worn down. However, if you are lucky and get one of the nicer rooms (maybe it depends on how busy they are that weekend) then it’s a good place. Not worth the gamble however.   The beds feels like the beds when out traveling on a budget with a backpack.  Nice location, good staff and the chance of sometimes getting a nice room is what saves it from a 1 rating. ",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A repeat visit but the last time,"Check In This is busy hotel but check in was easy.   Room We were upgraded to a renovated room in the Tower. Nothing more to say except the pillows are paper thin. We kept requesting additional pillows and were up to 4 each that equaled 1 normal pillow each.   Service Well...the 'Make it Right' promise failed us. This sounds a bit petty but we had a problem with the soap dish in the shower. The shelf had broken and the soap kept falling down. As there's no other place to put the shelf, it ended up on the floor. We called the first day and maintenance came and removed it. Saturday came and the room was serviced - no soap dish. 2nd call was made and nothing. Sunday came we called again. We were told that it couldn't be fixed but was promised additional Hilton points as…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old hotel in a good location,"Probably this is one of Old Style Hilton Collection. The lobby was huge, has 2 sides access to enter. This hotel has many rooms but unfortunately the room that I got is an old style room Beside that, this room is still comfortable for me  Not too big, the bed, TV and some equipment are refurbished, but still need more refurbishment specially for the bathroom.  Once again, I still enjoy my stay here.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,4 stars?,Very friendly early checkin and a decent view out the window.... BUT bed creaks and there is an overall feeling of dirty. And I thought rooms in NY were small. Will try to spend the least time possible here.,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It is ok,"The Hotel is very close to Edgeware Road Tube Station, which is very convenient.  The lobby is huge and the gym facilities are ok.  The breakfast buffet is great   I stayed at west wing. Room was ok. Quite dated but ok.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok,"The Hotel has nice facilities downstairs, rooms are old not modern. Didn't like the room we had. Woke up at 3am freezing cold with the heating on all night. Average hotel. Wouldn't stay again or recommend.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,"I had a room on the 16th floor and I think it would have been a great view to the southeast (London Eye).  However, the condensation between the windows was horrible.  Room is small for my liking.  Housekeeping was good and kept toiletry items flowing.  Breakfast was great and the bar near the desks can make some expensive drinks.  I really liked the Whiskey lounge.  The hotel is a a short walking distance to Paddington Edgware station.  Making tube rides very convenient.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay,Close to shops not far to walk to Oxford St to some really awesome shops! Especially at Christmas when they are all decorated! Food was ok beds comfy nice views only happy to help if there is an issue ...some parts are still old but new part is nice,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms are not clean. The location is great though.,"The location of the hotel close to Paddington and the tube is absolutely great. Unfortunately, the rooms are terrible. The beds are creaky and the sheets were not clean during my stay there. The service was good though.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,Stayed for one night. The entrance and lobby is amazing. Seems to have great facilities for for eating and drinking with several restaurants and bars. Service was excellent. I ordered room service and they came within 20 minutes.   The only thing to let it down was the room. I was upgraded to executive and the room seemed to have uptodate wall paper and paint but the carpet was well worn and looked dirty with markes on it. The bathroom was outdated and dirty looking. When I entered the room it was absolutely freezing. It took a couple of hours of aircon to heat it up.,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location ,Just great for access to tube. Lots of options for eating and the pool and spa was lovely.. we were in the Tower block and the lifts were quite noisy. My daughter thought it was the wind so not a problem really.,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor service,"Having stayed at this hotel a couple of times in the past with my family, I stayed recently on business and I'm afraid this time I was quite disappointed with the room generally and the service in the hotel. I was in an executive room in the east wing which really had seen better days. The room itself was okay, but the bathroom was in desperate need of refurbishment with peeling paint,  a stained and dirty bathtub and stains on the floor. This is just not what is expected of the Hilton chain, particularly when staying in an executive room. Access to the executive lounge was good and there was a decent range of snacks available with drinks in the early evening. Breakfast in the executive lounge was also a relaxed affair.  However breakfast in the main restaurant was a complete…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Well Located, fantastic and professional staff","I spend three days at this hotel. Fiamma Restaurant breakfast staff was amazing. I was approached in very good manners by friendly and smilling staff. The food was also lovely, and well presented.  Special thanks to Maria Teresa Rodado, Lavinia Joldes and Maria Nunes, and those I might forget. They all made the most of my staying.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expected so much more from the Hilton,"Pretty crappy stay at the Hilton Metropole on Edgware Road. Customer service is crappy - we called up 24 hours in advance to see if we could add another person onto our room (my sister had realised she was free to visit London alongside my mother and I). We had thought it was unlikely to be able to upgrade the room at such late notice, but we did not even get an answer out of the receptionist as the customer enquiry line was not open until the next morning (by which time we would already be in london). At a glance, the room looked average. We had got a discounted deal from booking.com, but still expected our room to be nicer than any average London hotel, as we had still paid more than we would generally. However, as we looked more carefully, things looked worse. The Television…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, dreadful room","The location of this hotel is great. Near to Paddington and Oxford Street. There are very polite staff and it has a great pool. However the rooms are shocking. When I arrived the door to my room looked like it had been broken into. The outside was all broken. Inside the room the TV did not work, there were stains on the wallpaper and curtains and the bath surrounding was cracked and broken. The view was a tower block, which blocked my phone and 3G signal and WiFi was an extra charge so I felt very insecure. This room was NOT worth the money and in hindsight I should have asked for a refund or a new room. Would I recommend this hotel. Sadly probably not. Which is a shame as the staff were very polite, but the room was not fit for letting.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great to find a hotel that works!,"I needed to stay overnight in London and wanted a good night's sleep, some food and no fuss.  The check-in staff were excellent and got me a newly renovated room on the 19th floor with good views.  The room was in good order with everything working perfectly including the temperature controls.  The bed was first class and very comfortable.  As always with Hilton a superb breakfast with everything available for all tastes and needs.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent location,"A very good location with friendly staff. A very large hotel with many rooms. We arrived at around 9am from a long flight from Melbourne and were able to check in straight away which was greatly appreciated.The rooms were a little dated but they were still quite comfortable. The buffet breakfast was very busy but the selection of dishes were great. Overall it was a pleasant 3 night stay, the service rooms and locations were all very good.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Well located, good rooms and good service","A good option to spend three days in London, the rooms are spacious, well soundproofed and the views from the 11th floor are magnificent.Breakfast is good. It is advisable to have a meal or go to the bar on the top floor of the hotel as the views are magnificent.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don’t go to SkyBar23 & ask for an updated room,"The hotel is in a good location, very central. The staff are welcoming and the lobby area is beautiful. I was looking forward to seeing what kind of room awaited me. I took the tower elevators to the 21st floor and the corridor was like the place that time forgot. Very dated, at least 90’s maybe even earlier with wall lamps flickering and half hanging of the walls. My room was just like the corridor, the leather chair was almost thread bare, the grout in the shower tiles was a strange sort of luminescent yellow colour and the whole place was in dire need of a lick of paint and some new furniture. I also had a flickering TV and condensation inside the make shift double glazed windows. If I had spent my own money on this hotel room I would have been asking for it back. The…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,GREAT HOTEL,"Stayed for a week during December, situated centrally was convenient to move around the city with ease. Well appointed and cosy rooms. Breakfast had a very good variety, staff very courteous and helpful",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointed,"I have stayed at a number of Hilton's over the last 10 years and this one was rubbish. I booked a king executive room and the room quality is poor. Heating does not work, furniture damaged, shower head just hanging on, damaged sink and bath panels, just very poorly maintained. I ended being moved from the 26th floor in the gold tower to the 4th floor in the silver tower when I checked in, due to having 2 separate reservations. I have to be honest the Hilton at Paddington station is far better and wished I had booked there instead.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
1373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable and quiet,This is an extremely large hotel with good room prices for a London hotel. I found it to be very quiet with large comfortable beds and hot showers.  Perfect for an overnight business trip if you need to be in that part of town.  ,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,excellent location and very goof breakfast,"staff are very friendly and helpful, location is close to paddington and oxford street. standard room is convenient and bathrooms are  spacious internet speed is very good and there is mobile coverage almost across all hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what you expect of a Hilton hotel,"We recently stayed here as a family but were very disappointed. I'm used to staying in 4* and 5* hotels in London so I know the sort of standards expected. When checking in, a long queue with not enough staff behind the counters, was not a great start. The queueing system was not clear and some guests were jumping in front. Our room was an executive room we booked but upon arriving in the room, it was ok but the view was terrible. Overlooking a shoddy office block opposite. So much for asking for a room on the highest floor possible for the views. On visiting the pool, the spa area was dirty and smelt of damp so didn't spend too much time here. At breakfast, they decided to have in a different room but the directions were not very clear. As usual the queue for the lifts was far…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible!!!!,"This is the number 1 worst hotel i have stayed at in my life. The amount of things that went wrong for our stay.  Where do i start! Dirtys shabby rooms we even had a bloody stain under the doona cover. We changed rooms, then the heater broke had to change rooms again. Then they wanted to charge us 35 for an extra bed since they had to move us into a smaller room with 1 queen and a roll in bed when we orinally had 2 queens.  Never again the restaurant was terrible everybody was sending food back the emarissed waitress said it happends all the time im sorry.   The pool is old and not maintained the water bubbler in the gym doesnt work. Been like that for 2 years the pool man said. This place is so overpriced its a 2 star resturant!!!!",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
1377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,Stàyed here on Saturday evening as stop over before going to Warner Bros studio for Harry Potter tour Room we had was in the tower on 6th floor clean and comfortable .Food in hotel in Fiammia restaurant was good we ordered from the main menu  but found out later that there was a special set menu which had not been offered to us  Breakfast very good selection something fof everyone,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Shocking service, wrong signs for two years and given the run around on my birthday",I have been to a lot of Hilton’s and visited this one for my birthday ... I have been here 4 hours and am very disappointed already. Our room lacked the basic book which tells you were everything is ... we had to go to reception again to ask for it on which we were given a non up to date version ... this along with the signs in the lift are out of date stating there is a restaurant on the 23rd floor kojawan ... we phoned reception to book this for my birthday dinner and were told no need to book we could just go... we go there and sit down only to realise this is a different restaurant. We returned all the way back to ground floor to reception asking where kojawan is after we scoured the 23rd floor and all staff there said they weren’t sure only to be told it closed down two…,Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I like this hotel,"This is a BIG hotel with several buildings or towers. The location is perfect, you can walk from Paddington stadion (heathrow Express), you can choose between Circle, District or Bakerloo lines to access London’s attractions and actually you can walk to Oxford St.  The hotel it self is a mix of  - new and shiny lobby, whiskey bar - more like a little shopping center (the common areas) - a bit tired corridors and room carpets etc - painted closet doors (used to be brown wood, now white). The bad is good and showers typical English style... some water, more like a mist or cloud of water. - the front desk Extremeä pleasant and helpful - did not use the bell services. - breakfast was good, but used to be better with a chef making omelets in front of your eyes, juice served onto the…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great job,"An excellent stay again well done Shadie and the Exec Lounge team, welcoming, helpful and curtious. Great new Nespresso machine. The room was clean, great leisure facilities with pool and gym not to mention the sauna and steam room and the bed so comfortable",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel with friendly service,Really big and vast hotel on the Edgware Road so a short walk/cab for the attractions of London. Not the most glamorous of locations but then again not the crazy room prices of more central hotels. Worth a stay if your looking for a London base. Expect lots of people!! ,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
1382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best hotel to stay in Paddington,Whenever we visit London.we deginately choose hilton metropole.they hv bunch of friendly and efficient staff..bravo to them. From bell boy.reception n house keeper they are really good.its advisable to stay in the new wing since they have bigger rooms n bed. Make sure u come down early for breakfast or else u have to join the long queue.plenty of choice for breakfast..beauty is they even catered for Halal options fot the muslims. Hotel is about 15min walk to oxgird street.3 min walk to the ttain station and buses is just opposite the street. 3 min behind the hotel is tesco and superdrug stores. 7 minutes to melur restaurant and 10 minutes to warisan restaurant..malaysian local food.,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average,"Stayed here two nights for business and it was ok but I wouldn't want to stay here for pleasure there are many nicer hotels and locations.   Negatives:  The room had a strange fishy and damp smell. My colleague actually moved room because of the smell.   No double glazing either so very noisy and in need of an up date in the rooms  The furniture in the room was boxy and large taking up far too much of the small floor space- I wouldn't want to share the space!  Location, when away for business I don't want to travel far for dinner but there really weren't any places on the road to eat   Positives:  Great meal in the Italian restaurant in the hotel  Lovely staff and great breakfast choices plus lovely cocktails   ",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
1384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent ,"It was my first time staying here, We just had a one night stay.  Checking  in early Saturday and flying home late Sunday This hotel is in a great location, very close to paddington station just one stop and 15 mins Heathrow express to Heathrow We were very happy to be able to check in early.  Check in was efficient and Elena was very friendly The hotel itself is massive and has a good choice of bars and restaurants  The room was very nice, spotlessly clean and the beds were very comfortable. The only fault would be the not great television picture/reception We had breakfast in the hotel and there is something for everybody with a vast choice of options to suit everybody The hotel is just across the road from Edgware road tube station so it is very easy to get places by both…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
1385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shabby and dirty. ,"Room in Tower Wing was small, very dark, dingy and shabby; chipped paintwork, mouldy grouting and damaged bath panel. To make matters worse, the bathroom floor was covered in pubic hair, a clear sign that there is a severe lack of attention to detail when cleaning the rooms. Overall a horrible experience at this enormous Hilton. Food more akin to hospital food. Would never want a repeat visit. ",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
1386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton Hotel,Your staff at reception needs to learn customer service. Not all your clients are rich tourists from abroad who your staff seemed to grovel to while being snotty to others. The rooms you allocate probably also speak of how you differentiate your clientele. I wouldn’t believe this was a room from a Hilton in London if I weren’t there myself. Please look at the pictures.,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel but personal service,"Have stayed at the Hilton on and off for the last 10 years. Had a recent stay this week and had really excellent service at reception. Hotel is excellent, good bars and restaurants and excellent room as you would expect but personal Service always makes the difference. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Small rooms, smokey, damp","We stayed here (two twin beds, tower section, 6th floor) in January 2018.  The staff and lobby is really nice, but BEWARE there seemed to have been mixed floors with smoking rooms.  I am a non-smoker and all I could smell was cigarette smoke and that, combined with the damp room (the windows do not open), made it not so enjoyable.  You can do better somewhere else, or ask for a renovated room when you check in.",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs definitely refurbishment,Hotel rooms are really shabby and need refurbishment. Furthermore bathroom was not clean at all. Life cooking in the breakfast room was missing (e.g. fresh omelette) and front desk staff did not differentiate between loyalty programms.,Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large hotel, great location, a bit dated ","We stayed in one of the suites which was very spacious but dated. It was a good price though so you make allowances. Rooms were very clean, beds were comfy.  The website stated we should have had robes included in the room yet there were none but this was recognised when we mentioned at checkout.  If you get a good price, stay here for the location. ",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Its getting Better but still need to keep an eye on the staff,"Still my most popular hotel in London but sometimes there is just not enough staff for the hotel, you ahve to wait a long time for stuff to happen  That said its a good location, great executive lounge one of the better ones in london  still needs money spending on some of the rooms - but investmnet is ongoing.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A comfortable stay,The room I booked was big enough to accommodate a single traveller. The ambiance was good and the WiFi network was strong across the hotel. The hotel is close to some restaurants that offer Halal food. ,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Do you know they only have 20 channels?,"I was appalled on my recent stay to realise that there are only 20 TV channels and half of them are international, and many of them do not work. For a 4 star hotel like this, I was extremely disappointed.  I was also irritated when I realised that the shower head faced in the direction of the floor outside the bath, and not into the bath, and almost FLOODED my bathroom! Aside from this, it was decent. 5/10 recommend",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, great location","Very nice executive room (545). Clean and in good order. Slightly dated bathroom and climate control. No mould or discoloured silicone anywhere. Minor limescale on shower temperature control. Exterior windows didn't seal properly so let in the outside noise. Executive lounge had a good selection of food and drink. Lovely service from front desk and lounge team. Lounge furnishings slightly dated. Leisure centre is good - gym, swimming pool, steam room, sauna.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Some tired rooms,"Stayed here during a conference.   Some very nice public areas and some excellent conference facilities.  Very large hotel so leans towards being a bit impersonal however found all of the staff excellent particularly the concierges who couldn't do enough to help. Had lunch in the coffee area was excellent and the service again was first class. I was in the tower block on the fifth floor - the rooms were comfortable but very tired. Paintwork in bathroom in need of a coat of paint. Toilet flushing extremely inefficient, a solid brick wall facing you out of the window.  I understand there are renovations going on but at the moment I would try and avoid the tower block.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, helpful staff","We stayed at the Hilton for six nights, breakfast included, and found our room clean, well serviced daily, and with a good view from the thirteenth floor.  Breakfast was good with a wide variety of choices available.  Wifi was free and reliable.  Recommended.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Friendly,The studio suites and Family Superior Rooms are just perfect for a long-term family vacation. It is hoghly recommended for other hotels in its category especially in Europe. The Hotel management however needs to do more in enhancing the communications skills of a few of its employees. Overall it was a great family Holliday at the London Hilton Metropole Hotel. Thumbs up.  E. Mac J,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staff at Hotel,"I would like to thank the Staff at Hotel a I feel they are the best group of any Hotel I have stayed and after using the Hotel for 26 Years I am still very happy with the service as it is Excellent The Exec Lounge Staff are excellent at all times Shadi Atalla Exec Lounge Manager is the best in the Hotel Business with 16 years service he is well worth looking after His Team all Re perfect  Adrian Chaimaa Monica. Joshua. Djaloul  They look after the Guests very well seeing too all of there needs Anyone who doesn't give them 110 per cent should email me paulbccdm@aol.com As I have no problems ever after 26 Years With the new Management Team GM DOP should get involved with the Staff more as there is afeeling of not happy I have never been introduced to both of them,Avner the last GM…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tiny tiny room,"Our room was so tiny that two of us tripped over each other just to get around.  We were told that all the rooms for our tour group were this tiny; however, talking to other people on our tour, our room was definitely the tiniest.  The hotel is located far from the tourist area, and there weren't many non-Arab restaurants around to eat.  The room was extremely noisy all night long.  On the bright side, the breakfast was incredibly good with many choices and also the towels in the room were quite luxurious.  This is a business hotel not really a tourist hotel.  Also, after we checked in, the hotel gave our room to other guests, and to correct the situation, it cancelled our keys so we couldn't get back in without a hassle to get new keys made",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,6th and Last Visit,"This is the 6th and final year at this hotel. Mostly its an ok hotel, rooms are dated but for London ok. Pay the extra and get into the Executive Lounge where you get peace and quiet. Very pricey drinks and they also add on a service charge without asking. On one of our evenings we dined in the restaurant which pretends to be Italian which is obviously is not! My wife had a pasta and on first taste she spat it out as the centre was like biting into a biscuit. We called over the delightful and charming waitress, explained the problem and asked her to take it back to the kitchen. In full view of us, as its an open kitchen, the chef argued with her, called over his other chefs who prodded and poked the food proclaiming it was ok! The embarrassed waitress returned to our table,…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect Family Room,"We stayed in the family room with twin queen beds the week before Xmas for 3 nights with our two daughters. We couldn't fault the place, clean tidy, quiet and helpful staff willing to go the extra mile. The breakfast was superb and the staff always keen to offer any help. Centrally located for all transport so easy to get around :)",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and cosy room,"We stay there for 4 nights and the room was big and cosy. The staff was super friendly. Also it was wery clean room. The breakfast was great, the real english one.I will  recomended this hotel beacouse of the location and a comfortable room.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business stay,"Hotel is very well positioned, connected and has good view to West London. Rooms are rather old fashion, no so big, but with all elements needed. Staff is kind, silent, very supportive and ready to meet all guest's requirements, in order to improve customer experience. There are huge conference rooms, but with bottlenecks on stairs.  Lobby bars are well organized, with experienced and proactive staff (especially one guy named Matteo), ready to provide service in short notice. There are so many different drinks, and a wide coffee portfolio. There is a space for improvement in restaurant deliverables.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Do not go there!,"The hotel was old and run down. There were three of us and we stayed in the Triple room. The room was dark, small and cold. Television didn't worked properly, the air-conditioner didn't work properly.  The hotel has this moto "" make it right"" which I think a a way for management to not take responsibility to make it right before the guests arrived but rather wait for Guest to tell them what is ""NOT"" right. This is a big disappointment for a chain like Hilton. I am a Hilton honors member had stayed at many Hilton properties before. Needless to say. I will never choose the London Hilton Metropole again.",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dated hotel with some light updates here and there,"Basically a hotel showing its aged. It has been spiffed up here and there, but is is a quick make-over. I was here for a conference of 1400 people, and that is way over capacity for this hotel. Moving around at other than ground floor at the hotel presents a maze of hallways that takes a while to navigate. Fitness area is dated. The requested extra pillow ordered on hhonors app were not delivered. Food at the event was no more than acceptable and plain boring. This is a fine place for a three star hotel, but the fourth is not deserved.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Going Downhill. Fast.,"Cleanliness of the hotel is degrading faster than I can type. I've been staying at the hotel for business for over a decade now, and the cleanliness and customer service levels have gone down considerably each year. Rooms are ALWAYS dirty, unfinished, shabby and the customer service is non existent. No loyalty or recognition of long term loyal customers - the 'make it right' slogan is purely lip service. The latest 'development' is that even if breakfast is included in your rate, if you now choose to have it in your bedroom - you pay an additional full charge for it. It's only free if taken in the restaurant! What a joke - isn't the point of a 4* hotel that you can choose to have room service without an additional charge???! Business customers don't have time to always go down…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
1407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,When location becomes the only thing,"I have stayd at this hotel several times over the past 7 years, however not in the past 2 years. The lobby area has been refreshed, but the rooms we got is in great demand of a refurbishment. The room on the top floor, but smelly and the bathrooms was barely functional. From the reception we learned that no other options where available to us, first time I hear that in a 15 year history of being a loyal Hilton guest. The breakfast area was not to busy but quite small compared to the size of the hotel. The quality of the breakfast was poor and they struggled to fill up missing features like egg and bacon. We chose the hotel based no location next to Paddington station and Edgware road tube stations. Will look for another hotel for my next trip to London.",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good but no cigar,"The location of this hotel is very good and handy for shopping in Marylebone High Street and onwards to Oxford Street. The quality of some of the room is to be desired, but the hotel is apparently slowly going through a refit. The executive lounge is good and the staff excellent and very helpful, but the standard of food isn't up to the normal standards of other Hiltons.  ",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Would NEVER stay again,"I went up to London with a few friends for New Years Eve celebrations and for a friends 24th birthday on the 31st December 2017. As we arrived back after our night out (none of us were rowdy or had any need to be treated the way we did) the staff on duty that evening did not believe we were staying at the hotel. Whether or not this was due to our ages or appearances I have no idea but it was disrespectful either way. We showed our room key cards yet that supposedly wasn't enough to prove we were staying there so they sent a male member of security to follow us up to our room. As four young girls in a city, which we aren't overly familiar with, I cannot even begin to explain to you how intimidating and unsafe this made us feel. Not only did your staff treat us with absolutely no…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stunning views... Even better in the cool bar at the top of the tower.,"I stayed only for one night, the room was a little compact but to be honest the view even from the thirteenth floor was excellent.  The lobby staff were the usual Hilton, polite and helpful.  The room to be fair isn't all that much to comment on - However, the sky bar is definitely worth a visit... The staff in the bar are very friendly and the panoramic views are not to be missed.  I went up there really late in the evening so it was very chilled and relaxing sipping on a well made drink looking out across London.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay!,"Attended the Societies Convention 2018 as a sports photography speaker. As always amazingly friendly staff, excellent rooms and in all a really pleasant enjoyable experience overall. The Hilton Metropole in Edgware Road is in an excellent location and just 10 minutes walk from Marble Arch. Thank You!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Turaround experience after the last stay,"Stay only if you must was what I had said last time, and exactly the same was the reason that I came back here :-). The experience however was a good turnaround... for starters it was acknowledged at the reception that I was here before.... how can I forget!! and I was given an upgrade with access to the Executive Lounge. I was put up in the Tower Wing on the 21 floor in a room that had a great view and most important we nice and comfy toilets and bath cubicles. A Big improvement over what I had endured the last time I was here, when I was in one of the Wings. I cannot comment if there has been any improvement of the size of bathroom in the East / West Wing but I can definitely say that the Tower Wing is great. The rest of the amenities are excellent and the staff very helpful…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,24 hour stay on business,"i would describe my stay at this hotel as most definitely underwhelming. This hotel is very convenient for paddington but it is a very big hotel so do not expect the intimate service you get in some hotels this is definitely about scale. i was very disappointed with the meal i had at the hotel to the extent that i left most of it. The bar prices at the main bar are the usual high prices you expect in a london hotel, but the bar prices in the sky bar are quite literally skyward. The room was a bit dated but fine. overall i would not rush back to stayt here",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel - Guests rooms are tired!,"Stay at the London Hilton Metropole nearly every week. It has a lot going for it. Nice location, nice communal areas, nice gym and nice pool. The service of the staff is variable. In some cases excellent in others aloof and snotty. Some rooms are lovely however many of the rooms are tired and need to be updated. ",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Too noisy, very crouded, rooms not modern, you could hear everything from the room next door","Too noisy, even at midnight the lobby was full of people making noise and no one stopping them. Lobby very crouded, rooms not modern, you could hear everything from the room next door. Room view was the other side of the hotel. Staff were very very helpful at the reception. The porter even called a taxi for us. Lobby staff were very helpful",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Central Location ......Excellent Service in Club Lounge....,"We had a Great Stay at The Hilton Metropole, over the Christmas and New Year Period.  Being a “Diamond” , member gives you the added bonus to have access to there Club Lounge..., which includes Free Breakfast and in the evening, they provide snacks and Wine and Beer and Spirits..  I cannot emphasise the Service I always recieve from “Adrianna”, and the Team in the Club Lounge, nothing is a problem..., here is a few examples of Our recent Visit..  It was so so cold in London , I got a bad bout of the Flu, , “Monica” in the Club Lounge, preparerd Hot Lemon and Ginger  Tea with Honey, and each morning as soon as I walked in for Breakfast, my special tea was prepared...  I could go on and on, but The Hilton Metropole Club Lounge, Staff go that extra Mile, to make your stay is…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst hotel stay,"First of all, I would like to say I am not a demanding customer, I usually give 4 or 5 stars in all my past reviews.  But this time, I even want to give zero star if the system is allowed.  I booked this hotel months ago.  I am aware that the comments towards this hotel are not good, but I also book this because it is near to my friend's home. And I selected the ""Queen Superior Room"" which is in the West Wing and has been commented as the best part of the hotel.    As I am a HHonors member, I received an online check-in request 1 day prior to my arrival.  So I did the online check-in which included choosing my room number and providing my credit card for payment guarantee.  It seemed everything was smooth.  But the bad dream started upon my arrival at around 10pm on the check-in…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing customer service by LUCA,"The last Friday the 5th of January I spent the night with a group of friends at the Hilton London Metropole. I just wanted to thank Luca (EDG bar I think... the one by the entrance) for being so friendly and going for the extra mile with us. We felt so welcome at the hotel thanks to him and he was extremely patient with us (specially with the bills, as we were seven and he divided them all for us. Brilliant!!). He is definitely an asset in your company. We will definitely be back and hope to enjoy more of your cocktails served by Luca!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Stay,"Stayed here with my family of 2 adults + 3 kids as we were visiting the Winter Wonderland In Hyde Park. Brilliant hotel, very clean spacious & tidy rooms. Very professional staff. The hotel is in a very good location on the Edgware Road close to all amnesties. The swimming pool was also a bonus and good. The only thing that upset us was not all the lifts were working and the hotel was very very busy as we stayed on x-mass eve. Unfortunately we had to squeeze in & out of the lifts every time we wanted to go up or down and it seem to be always very busy and also had to queue up to get in the lifts several times & there was a lot of pushing not ideal specially when you have kids. The breakfast was brilliant and again staff were very professional at all times but maintenance was…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable!,"We stayed at the Hilton London Metropole over the New Year. The hotel was therefore very busy and there were problems with the rooms. We were not given what we had booked for - the rooms were not the type booked, the price was different, and breakfast was not included as per the original arrangement. The manager on duty was very courteous and assisted as much as possible, but as the hotel was so full we had to sacrifice on the rooms for the first night and relocated the next day. The hotel has many wings and staff say that bookings made on the Hilton International Reservations telephone line (as was ours) experience problems (with rooms especially) because the call Centre members do not understand the hotel set up. It is therefore best advisable to phone reception directly to…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Great location with family accommodation option!  The Breakfast option was very good, though we would have like to have a server come as we were seated to bring coffee or tea (it took a while to have someone bring the drinks). We love the fact that we can cross the street to the underground and have ample of restaurants close by.  ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great London Hotel,"We stopped here recently for a weekend break in London. We have stayed here before and we love this hotel, and this visit did not disappoint. It is very handy for Edgeware Road tube station and hence convenient for a whole range of trips. The hotel is beautiful, with friendly and helpful staff. Great room and excellent food, we will be back!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Steamy Windows,"I like this hotel.  It's very big - over 1000 rooms and has a lovely swimming pool and gym, a 23rd floor Sky Bar and a great location in London for the West End, Hyde Park, Oxford Street and good connections on Bakerloo and Circle tube lines.  I've stayed here about 10 times and will happily stay again. I'm only writing this review because Hilton sent me an email asking me to rate the hotel. Because of it's size and ongoing renovations the rooms can vary in size and décor and I'm never really sure what I'm going to get.  We stayed for New Year and deliberately requested a room on the south side on an upper floor to have a view of the city. Unfortunately the windows consist of the original steel single glazed external window and an internal window to give a form of double…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"This hotel couldn’t have been more perfect for our family visit. We had a superior room which was very reasonable & extremely spacious (2 x double beds, an additional sofa bed 2 x tv’s (1 with kids shows on, 1 for us!) plenty of room for cases & a tandem buggy with no squeezing around the place. Also had a great view. We have 2 small children (2&4) and this hotel was in a perfect location. Despite having an underground station opposite, we didn’t want to manoeuvre 2 little ones on & off the underground, so We were able to walk to all the museums through Hyde park in around 25 mins, walk to oxford st in 10 mins & Hamley’s toy store in 20 mins. Harrod’s was also reachable in around 25/30 mins through Hyde park too, so a double buggy was all that was needed. Perfect for brisk walk…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect for a short visit,"We are just back from our visit and have to say the hotel was perfect for us. We had a family room in the west wing, two queen sized beds with plenty of room for us (two adults, two children). The staff were friendly and efficient. Room was clean but there was no view from the window which frankly we didn't care about! The breakfast buffet was brilliant, plenty of choice and everything fresh, the wait staff were very quick to sort tea's and coffee's etc. The hotel is right beside Edgware road tube station so excellent location. All in all a great choice and we would use it again.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Definitely room for improvement ,"I booked 2 rooms for six of us 3 adults and 3 children and was told 1 standard room and and 1 family room would suffice , little did I know that both rooms were in separate wings one was the tower wing and the family rooms in another now my children are just about adults and it seemed they were so far away I wasn’t happy as if made the booking over the phone and wasn’t advised as such ! Luckily it was for one night the standard room was exactly that standard the door in the bathroom was rotting and the ceiling has mould on it I paid for breakfast and it actually made up for the room situation there was a lot of variety and the waiting staff were very helpful and food was plentiful all in all was alright not brilliant and I don’t think I’ll be staying here again although the…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel needs some work,My friends and I had booked a total of 6 rooms and most of us where dimond members. The rooms in the east wing where not nice they where just dated  and small however I understand they undergoing a renovation. I had the double queen rooms  on the west wing which were spacious and had all the basic amenities. I would advise to book the queen rooms as the normal standard rooms which one of my friends had are really tiny and the bathroom was basicly a block. The queen rooms are much better and offer a bigger normal sized bath room  Service I would like to start of by saying most of the staff in the hotel are dedicated and always smiling and willing to help from the front desk to the exc lounge and they make the hotel that much better. The breakfast staff where friendly and helpful…,Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Location good but be aware, this is a very busy hotel and obviously popular. Bearing that in mind, do expect breakfast to resemble a cattal market with some items disappearing within minutes. Having said that, staff can not do enough.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,excellent lounge ,"comfortable  and big rooms , very good business lounge. location near paddington station. and nearby tube. very good service for the business clients. reasonable prices. walking dis ancestor from marble arch and hide park ",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Superb stay,Superb refurbished rooms. Perfect location close to many restaurants. Top reception service.Conciege service excellent especially Mohamed.Close to underground station making it very accesible to other parts of London.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
1431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money,"We were given a family room. Very old and dingy. Paint on furniture and bathroom door chipping off. Bathroom celing paint stained. Holes in walls. Black grime in bathroom. Very uncomfortable bed, and makes noise every time you move. Tv only has a few channels. All are news or foreign language. Internet is horrible!! Keeps logging off.  Loud plumming noise every time you turn on bath or sink faucet. They dont privide water bottles. If you are. Family do not believe the pictures thatcare provided on their website. None of the family rooms are renovated. Only the 2 person occupancy rooms are renovated. Swimming pool is very small and very very cold!! Apart from location, this hotel is not worth it at all!! Will not stay there again. Beware!! Do not be fooled by the pictures and the…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
1432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,amazing Vacation,"we overall spend 10 days stay at the Hotel. located close to  City Center, only 15 min ride by oine of the plenty of busses going on Edgware road, or 5 min by one of the underground lines (cicrle, district, bakerloo or hammersmith & city). The hotel did everything he could to ensure my stay to be remarkable, as I got engaged on the way to the hotel; my fiance ordered wine, roses and cakes, that were delivered to our room less than 2 min after we checked in to ensure freshness. the room we reserved was a deluxe room on the 19th floor, but unfortunatly felt to small to a couple who should stay for 10 days, so we asked to move, hoever the hugh hotel was fully booked, but the HILTON slogan ""Make it right"" proved itself -as the moved us for the next day to an upgraded superior room.…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Enjoyed our stay at hilton london metropole, as the location was perfect for seeing sights of london.  A short walk to paddington station (5-10 mins) where heathrow express takes you straight to heathrow.  Edgeware tube is straight across the road so super easy to get to anywhere by tube.  Also convenient to take buses to oxford street.  Would say this hotel is not as nice in terms of luxury compared to other hiltons we have stayed at but it was a good location and a reasonable price for london, so would stay again.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,Great location within walking distance of paddington train station. Clean and spacious family rooms. Friendly staff. Food was average in both the sports bar and restaurant. Quite expensive and not that great standard.,Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
1435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Stars for location and price, not quality","Good location for exploring London for sure. We are a family of 5 and got two linked rooms as there was something wrong with the family room we had initially booked.  The shower is ok not great, shower curtains need an upgrade for sure. Beds were kind of comfortable but not great. Breakfast was disappointing. Juice (?) was not fresh, the eggs were scrambled but hiding green bits, no pancakes or extras. Overall, disappointing and not worth the money. Basically the hotel gets a 3 for location and the price was ok (~400€ for two nights in a big family room). But overall quality is below Hilton standard for sure.",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
1436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Good hotel for business,I stayed here one night on business. Rooms are modern in style with decent beds and bathrooms. It is a very large hotel and has plenty of facilities including a good coffee bar. It is within a few yards of Edgeware Road Underground Station,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible service for Hilton,"Decided on this hotel based on previous stays at Hiltons worldwide. Location is excellent. However, during telephone calls to request reservations for 2 rooms, I requested to be placed in the newer recently renovated rooms (to avoid being in rooms such as those posted in reviews on TripAdvisor, which were old, tired, and stained - some of the TripAdvisor pics looked horrid. I was told by 3 different people at reservations that no guarantees can be made on what type of room I would get. So, even though I was booking in advance, with a specific request for rooms in the newer wing, they would not guarantee anything. Upon my voicing my disappointment at their lack of assistance (even though we are Hilton Honour members), I was blatantly told there was nothing they could do. I asked…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
1438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Nice location I choose the refurbished room which was fine , hotel was busy but service was more than ok . Heater in room sometimes doesn't work during day but fine during night since it was cold December.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel in my life,"I was with the group of 15 people with 7 rooms.. There were 2 triple rooms for us.. We actually arrived in the hotel at 7.30 pm.. One of triple rooms had to change the room 2 times (first very bad smell of cigerates, 2nd the hotel had not cleaned up the room so we had to bring all the luggage moved to another building). Another triple room we got our room at 11 pm.. And there was no extra bed and the extra bed was delivered to the room on 12.30 am. And the other rooms are dusty.   27 December i ordered morning call for the next day morning at 7.30.. I was a group leader so i woke up before the morning call.. I waited until 7.40 and there was no morning call so called to the reception to give one by one morning call.. And what they did?? They sent staff to each room then knocking…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Many positives to this location,"We stayed in a family room with 5 of us and size was excellent given it is London.  Breakfast was excellent and was included in our price, including espresso coffees. Staff were good and given outside congestion zone, hotel is excellent value.   Located near edgware subway which circle line takes you outside London tower, otherwise it is a looong walk.   Food in area is very middle eastern so options outside that limited, although a good pizza pub across the road.   Main negative is room can overheat and air con to cool it down was marginal, best we could do was 22.5 degree temp. No open windows, made it harder to sleep.   We had the xmas dinner there which was excellent, costly and only disappointment was no tap water provided. Some families were going without water which was…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Huge hotel, looks tired now","Whilst I don't really have any grumbles about this hotel, it was very comfortable and convenient. I do think it is starting to look a little dated. I'd be surprised if it wasn't refurbished some time soon. But if you are in the area and need a place to stay, this is fine at the right price.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,new years eve,I stayed in this hotel for three nights and the rooms were clean and staff were very helpful and couldn't do enough for you. The food was lovely and worth the money. The hotel is only a short walk to oxford street and a tube station is directly opposite hotel.,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average stay,"First Impression of the hotel was not good.  We arrived in a taxi with two friends.  We had quite a bit of luggage some in the back and some in the front.  As we arrived and were unloading our bags a concierge turned up with some ladies waiting for a taxi.  He pushed past us to get them into the taxi even though we were still unloading our bags.   He then totally ignored us - collected his tip from the ladies and walked in front of us into the hotel.  At check-in I complained to the girl, but she did nothing.  I then saw the man at the concierge desk and went over to tell him I thought he was rude.  He said it wasn't him!!! I couldn't believe it.  The other concierge witnessed this altercation and said nothing.  Not what you expect from a Hilton hotel and we are also Hilton…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible standards for the price you pay,"When searching for a hotel for New years eve we decided to go with the Hilton as they had the room size we wanted. When we arrived they told me my room I booked wasn't available because ""they thought we were a couple"" which we were very much offended by. we booked two queen size beds and got given one double bed. (luckily I wasn't with my parents or grandparents or even a friend I didn't no as well as we had to share a bed) what annoyed me the most is I lost out on other great hotels which were a lot cheaper because we thought the Hilton would never let us down. disgusting that all we got was a little discount even after standing there for half an hour saying its not acceptable. Room was average and in the draws were packets of old cigs and a pill !!! and rubbish, luckily no…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst experience hotel not hilton standards. Don't book this hotel,Stayed here from the 26th December till the 5th January 2017 Being a hilton honours gold member I was disgusted at this hotel. This hotel is no way hilton standards. Rooms were old and dirty. Toilets don't flush properly. Half the room ammentities are either damaged or don't work at all. The hotel doesn't keep basics things like blankets. Bedding was old and worn down. I had to get my room changed 3 times in 1 day due to the poor condition. Pictures attached below.  What makes it worst the staff were the most incompetent and rude bunch of people I have ever come across . The attitude the staff displayed is ridiculous they have a don't care attitude for any complaint. The managers on duty are extremely rude and not willing to help. This hotel is no way near 4 star rather a 1…,Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
1446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Grade A+,"Excellent services! Clean and beautiful rooms. Helpful and professional staff. Perfect location, 10 minutes walk from oxford street. Metro station 2 minutes walk. Definitely recommended!! Grade A+ hotel! ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed by rooms but food and beverage first class,"We checked in on 27th Dec 2017 , the rooms were really bad , being honest I don’t complain but it was tacky. I wanted to put the pictures but thought leavening it as the food and beverage supervisor STEFANOS was outstanding , excellent , first class. I had my baby with me what a hospitality he gave to me my wife and my little baby.  You are asset to this company mate. Given 4 star just because of Stefanos other wise would have given 1 or 2 star. Front of house staff were helpful as well.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location terrible beds,Location of hotel is good Very welcoming staff Size of room is good But the house keeping is very dirty i kept finding hairs everyday on the bed The pillow is horrible the bed is uncomfortable at all . ,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old but gold....,"Old hotel with adequate facilities but great services and good location, very near to shops, cafes and restaurants with Tesco express a 5mins walk only. Also near tubes and train station so it is a good value for money hotel. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Service terrible, staff unwilling to help, and refusing to refund!","Went to Hilton Metropole for New Years 2017 booked an executive room (£500 for two nights). Got to the room and we were given a standard double room with a kingsize bed and a very small bathroom, wasnt worth £200 for two nights, never mind £500. Went to reception who were really unhelpful and offered to change the room to a better one; we were put two flights up from the previous one, and this ""better room"" was the exact same as the first room.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"My family and I stayed here right before Christmas, we are a group of 5, 3 kids and 2 adults and we stayed in the west wing.   We had a family room.   Pros -  Close to undergrounds and a short walk to marble arch/oxford street if you're happy to walk like we were. Great value for families with a good sized room and plenty of choice for fussy kiddies at breakfast. Really quiet given its location on Edgware road (must be soundproofed) Great views from our room on the 12 floor, we could see the London Eye. Staff were polite and really helpful.  Cons -  The room was hotter than the sun, however, when we mentioned this at reception the room temp was reduced (although we still thought it was too hot)  I cant leave a review without mentioning Albert in security. Unfortunately, we left…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful stay,"No customer service here, I hurt my leg the moment I walked into my room from the corner of the bed to be told it’s not my problem. Pillows gave me neck pain, was double charged. A week later I’m still waiting to hear back from Hilton as they were meant to be calling me back!! Would not recommend this place, looks nice on the outside but that’s it.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,shocking ,very poor conditions room was not clean. Booked a deluxe king suit the room was small and the 'king size bed was to singles pushed together. Was a very dangerous socket coming out of the wall to the lamp. 'Elegant bathroom with exclusive products' was not a sold felt like we stayed at a 2 star hotel not a Hilton. Waiters and staff also un helpfull. Me and partner only stayed a night and are overall very disappointed with our stay.,Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
1454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Trip with friends,A mediocre hotel with a horrible old wing!  If you decide to stay at this property stay in the new wing only!  Rooms are of decent size when compared to other equivalent hotels.  Location is good.  Close to shopping area.,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,THIEVING HOUSEKEEPING STAFF,DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL. Two of my very valuable bracelets were stolen by housekeeping staff within an hour of me leaving my hotel room. Security made little effort to investigate. Never booking again!,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,Good place to stay. Rooms clean and tidy. We are on 11th floor with good views to north of London and Paddington Green Police Station in particular.   All public areas are of a very high standard and worth a visit. ,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst trip ever,The rooms at the Hilton are old and dreary. The beds are abseloutely terrible and old and creeky and need to be replaced urgently. The biggest problem however is the theft of valuables from locked suitcases. I had my money stolen from my locked bags. After reporting to the police and hotel security nothing was done about it. And I was not the only one complaining. Apparently theft from suitcases is an ongoing thing at this hotel and management knows about it but just don’t care. My advise is to avoid this hotel at all cost.,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Short family break,"A wonderful hotel, the hotel was clean and spacious with very comfortable beds. The staff were amazing and took care of me and my family, if you do decide to book then definitely book the breakfast as it is superb ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Paying the extra for a better room is worth it ! ,"We had the executive suite and for the extra bit of money it was stunning! Lovely spacious room with an amazing view of London, perfect location for winter wonderland and oxford street not far from local facilities. Very busy checking in so was a slow process BUT the room made up for it and also the service we had a lovely gentleman escort us to our room and re assured a nervous lift user! Will use again if we come back to London. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent stay,"Room was fine, modern and well-furnished.Hotel is located in city centre, very near attractions.And the underground station in a 2 minutes walk.There is also mark and spencers food just outside the hotel. Do not attempt to opt for breakfast in the hotel if you are staying more than 2 nights. They serve the EXACT SAME DISHES EVERYDAY and the guy who makes the egg in the breakfast hall is super rude. I paid about 230 GBP per night and that's what I get. The hotel also do not provide water bottles during the stay. Which is unsual, anywhere i go around in Europe or UK they provide bottles.Otherwise everything is pleasant.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Executive lounge ,"We enjoyed the hotel but the only bad experience was when we went to the executive lounge , the staff member was not really nice and not very welcoming , very poor customer services . The person if I am not mistaken was Chamma , we asked her to show us how to use the coffee machine , she was rude and not helpful at all . We did not feel welcomed at all . ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing and be prepared to queue!,"Have stayed in this hotel on many occasions for business but this was the first time for a family trip. We are a family of four, so booked a family room with two double beds. At check in I had to queue for twenty minutes at the reception desk. On entering the room, there was an extremely strong smell of cigarette smoke. A housekeeping supervisor happened to be walking along the corridor at the time and he confirmed that the previous occupant must have been smoking in the room. He radioed reception and they told him to ask me to return to reception so that we could change rooms. Waited in the queue for fifteen and was seen by Gina, who told me that she would send housekeeping to refresh the room. I asked what the timescale was for that and she was unable to give me a time as they…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Absolutely horrendous,I have never in my life been treated by any member of staff in such a disgraceful way than I did on my recent trip to London. Please train your staff up to match the usually high standards of the Hilton brand.,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent property with excellent condition,Will Always stay in this property and suggest to everyone if u want to enjoy the london . Room size is good and property is big enough to spend time with family . U get everything inside the building.,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Regarding deposit fee cancellation,"I noticed that the deposit fee included the bill at check-in was still approved by credit card company even after three days of check-out. I called 3 times at +44207 4024141, which was indicated on the receipt, but it was difficult to connect the department or difficult to make a call due to a bad connection. I need to consider the time difference, so I wonder how to handle it.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Metropole,"Hotel was ok not as expected for paying a premium. We selected the king executive room, which was not to our expectations. Paid the premium to access the executive lounge, however the selection of products were very limited.  Location is very good, easy access to tube stations.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very very poor service,"Travelled from Manchester to metropolitan Hilton london. With 4 children and 2 adults for 1 night stay, confirmed everything the night before on arrival completely different price for rooms. Overcharging me £200 more. Even though I had reserved the room beforehand also had a print out of the price for the booking. After 45 min of adjusting with the price was given the room turned out to be 2 wrong rooms. Ended up waiting for a further 3 hours. Complete nightmare.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Little niggles can all add up...,"We stayed for 2 nights in a superior queen room. There were 2 adults and 2 children and the room didn’t feel too small and was clean and ready to check into early which was much needed! Check-in was swift was the receptionist was very friendly.  However, things went a little downhill from there... We put fruit and other things in the fridge on the Friday and when taking it out on Sunday morning realised that although the light was on it was not up to temperature and things had gone mouldy! The lights are just a faff and the switch arrangement makes no sense at all.  The plug sockets aren’t by the bed which is irritating when you want to charge your phone while perusing your pictures from your busy day.  The lock on the door took around 10 swipes to unlock every single time. TV…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Amazing view, very chuffed with stay","We stayed as a family of 4 and thought we would just habe one big room. Turns out we had 2 rooms with an interconnecting door. This was a pleasant surprise and my choldren thought it was amazing to have their own room. View from the rooms were amazing and so christmassy to see the london skyline lit up. Amazing location, short walk to hyde park and oxford street. Would def book again as a great base to explore london. Rooms v clean, staff helpful, excellent value stay, would def recommend. ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family visit ,Visit the hotel in order to do a shopping at City center of London. Hotel location is perfect only 15min walk to Oxford Street and close to the heart of shopping. Also close to Hyde Park about 10 minutes walk. Facilities of hotel are good with swimming pool. Also dog friendly rooms with additional charge. The only Downhand of the hotel is that some times in the bathroom like towel rails were loose. Staff was very friendly and happy to help when needed. Peak hours find it difficult to find a space in the elevators and it took us about 20min to go down by lift. Nice sky bar with a view of the city to enjoy your drink among the other bars that the hotel had.   Recommended for a decent price hotel close to city center. ,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Definitely Not 5 Star, probably will struggle to get 3"," Stayed here on a 3-night stopover to catch our breath after an amazing adventure. Should have known something was amiss when we spotted what we thought to be a good price at a “Hilton” so close to Christmas. The location was decent enough, a few stops to Marble Arch/Hyde Park by bus. And the tube station also nearby.   Let’s just say if you have expectation of a Hilton having certain standards, then this property will severely test that if assigned the “wrong” room. Unless your expectation was low to begin with.   We were given a high floor “family” room in the Tower Wing. The bathroom was in a rundown stage, albeit still usable. The wooden panel on the side of the bathtub seems ready to fall off each time we enter. The shower head holder appears to be superglued back together…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"no comment,it was my mistake to book at the  Hilton London Metropole.",it was the first time i booked at the  Hilton London Metropole because the location of the hotel near to the hospital of my daughter which she is disabled using a wheel chair and needed the toillet and the very poor attitude Sanai kept us waiting  for long time at the reception and it was 10:30 Pm.. and not to mention that i arrive earlier at  2:10 pm  and the staff said ( your room not ready but if you pay extra i can find you a room now) i left my luggage with the concierge because i had to go the the hospital,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel.,"Great hotel with super friendly staff and the service was great. The rooms were very big, nice and clean. The hotel had an super cool bar on the top floor with a really nice view of London.  Easy walk to Hide park, where we visited the Christmas festival, it was super! We also used the hotels pool, the kids had a blast.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Decent, not amazing ","So myself and 3 friends stayed for a night, the rooms were ok nothing special, and definitely a bit tired and worn out.  The pool, sauna and steam are nice although when we used them it was full of kids running around and screaming. The gym looks good but we didn't use it.  We did have an issue with room service where we called them 3-4 times at 2am (meant to be 24hr) but no one answered so I went downstairs to reception and they said they would get room service to call me but 20 min later nothing so I went back downstairs put my order in with reception and they finally brought it 20 min later, and the wrong order (4 beers not 2).  What made this stay great were the staff in the EDG who were nothing short of SPECTACULAR! Especially Luca and Mateo.  The food in the restaurant,…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,An Oasis in shopping capital of world -London,The whole experience from check-in to check out was streamlined and without hassle. Hotel room itself was beautiful and had superb view over the city. Food was amazing both dinner and breakfast at restaurant Fiamma's. Located 15 minute taxi drive from St. Pancras makes it perfect launch pad for European Holiday.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Run down,"Staying here regularly during last 15 years. Have noticed Constant decrease in service level. Basic room amenities Are not replenished ,rooms and floors in urgent need of renovations.alternative dining hall for breakfast during Weekends totally unprofessional,no salt&peper on tables No fresh juice,no coffee service to table. Generally speaking,3 stars at the best case,and definitely not a Hilton standard.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great property,"I had a very pleasant stay. The staff are helpful and friendly but I must single out Martina as simply awesome. I was checked into a smoking room even though I´m a none smoker and my room preference is clearly indicted in my Hhonors profile. It was hard to find another suitable room as the hotel was fully booked, but somehow Martina pulled it off after several phone calls and deliberations with her colleagues. I needed to stay a night more than I had originally booked for and was having troubles with the front desk staff late one night after I had discovered that my meeting was extended, only for the friendly face of Martina to emerge. And even though she looked tired, she wore a smile the entire time and again, found a way to book me for another night. I was also superbly…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London tour,Very ideal location to big in with. Loads of Arabic style food available within few minutes walk. Oxford street is few minutes walk too. Good shopping and good food. Awesome location.  Hotel was good too. Staffs are awesome and I liked the breakfast. Typical breakfast with lots of variety to choose from. Overall it was a great stay for me.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel is too big,"I stayed at this hotel on December 20/21. I called and requested a mini bar/ refrigerator for some medication and food that needed to be chilled. I called a total of 4times over 7 hours and was told that they had one and would bring it to my room, but it never arrived. After calling a number of times and getting different responses, I finally gave up and had to throw my food away because it was perishable. I observed a customer trying to pay cash for his room on checkout, and it took three different people to try to figure out how to get cash approved for payment. Ridiculous. This hotel is huge, and I sometimes feel that they cant handle the number of guests needs because of it. I have stayed there many times on business.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Reluctantly booked at the last minute - and was pleasantly surprised.,"I would never normally stay here, but I had a last minute business trip to the UK & Europe and the prices of all the other hotels that I would normally consider (Hilton, IHG & Hyatt) were crazy expensive - and this hotel was also relatively convenient for the Heathrow Express and Eurostar (important considerations for my trip). I stayed here three nights in the same week - Mon. Thurs. & Fri. and I have to say that I wasn't expecting much, but I was pleasantly surprised. Arrived at Paddington on HE at close to midnight and didn't feel unsafe walking to the hotel at night - 10 minute walk and no hills, or major obstacles so it was fine with my suitcase. Check in - on both occasions - was pretty quick and the staff pleasant, professional and attentive... This place is essentially a…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,We recently visited London to go to the Winter Wonderland in Hyde Park. The hotel is situated in a great location. We had booked through booking.com but it was unusual that I couldn’t use my hilton members to get the loyalty stay. In fact it was cheaper to book with booking.com so not sure why hilton would charge more on their own website but less with a provider where they would have to pay them some commission. The hotel is situated very close to paddington and edgerware road tube station. The hotel is very clean but the room was very small. We had booked a king room but the only room they had left was a smoking king room. The hotel offered us a refurbished room but it was a queen bed and the room was very cramped. Given that we paid for a king room we at least should have…,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,"Good location for access to Hyde Park, Mayfair and Oxford Street lights and shopping. Lovely hotel, one of the better Hilton group. Didn't have enjoy time to use the fitness area and pool but it looked great.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Team away day ,"I did not have a very good experience at the park lane Hilton over the weekend, so was not expecting much.   I was running late and needed guidance as to where my team was. The staff that I approached was brilliant and he could not do enough. Excellent customer service. Couldn’t find him on my way out, wanted to personally thank him. Didn’t manage to get his name as I was in such a rush.   The room we were in was not very modern, table cloths torn and damaged, room could have done with a hoover. The general decor could do with a make over.   For a Hilton hotel it seemed quite poor.   Customer service from staff was brilliant though. ",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One night London stopover ,"We stayed for one night for a quick city night out with a group of friends, and what a great stay! From the lovely welcome at check in to middle of the night room service, and everything in between - staff service was fantastic. Special mention to Ewa/Eva Lippich the Groups Manager I believe who checked us out in the morning, super helpful and immediately resolved a query for us so thanks for the great customer service! Will be back (again) for sure :) ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hotel I ever stayed in. Photos attached,"Do not stay here people.  Read this and look at the photos.  We booked a superior King room. On arrival we were told we were being upgraded to the Executive king room. We thought great. A free upgrade. The original booking was a room of  30-34 sq.m but the room they gave us was a room of  22-28 sq. M.  How is this an upgrade?  We went with it at the time as we did not know it was smaller than what we booked until we got up to it.   We were also told we would be given access to the executive lounge with the room upgrade for breakfast, evening relaxing etc.  Breakfast was terrible. Hash browns, vegetarian sausages and boiled eggs... that's it! Who the hell eats that combination of breakfast? Not only was it terrible but it ran out every single morning and we ended up waiting 35…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing End to 160+ nights in 2017,"After having stayed here for over 160 nights in 2017, I decided to use the points to bring the family over for a weekend of shopping and theatre, putting them up in what had become my second home.  Despite arranging weeks in advance, the promised inter connecting room with disabled facilities wasn’t available on the first night, so things got off to a bad start.  Next there was the extremely grumpy waiter who complained when we got dinner from the sports bar brought into the the Edg bar, because the former was closed for a private function.   He grumbled and cursed all the way through the meal, making my wife extremely uncomfortable.  Lots of other stuff that happened over the weekend and on the following week, just convinced me that my loyalty and custom to this hotel was not…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Girls weekend away,"We stayed over a weekend and had a really nice experience. The check in was quick and efficient. I had asked for a room with a nice view as a surprise for a friend , we didn't get the city view but a nice view overlooking Kilburn high road and Wembley. The room was clean and tidy , all the usual stuff and good towels. We did not do breakfast and I have to say, all we saw was people queuing to get in no matter what time it was. It has a great location , near Edgware tube station and good parking facilities, £35 per 24 hrs. We also managed to use taxi's and buses to get back. There is a sky bar situated in the tower and you can sit back and watch the city whilst drinking very pricey drinks. But it is a lovely view. The bar downstairs is also pricey, £10 per cocktail....we only had…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok but not usual Hilton standard ,"Good points * excellent location literally 5 minutes from Paddington.  2 minutes to Edgeware road tube station.   * executive lounge had a great afternoon tea and evening nibbles / drinks selection. Staff in executive lounge were pleasant.  * stayed in an executive room with double king bed in west wing block. Room was modern clean and well presented. All the usual good Hilton in room facilities.   Bad points:   * terribly terribly busy , overcrowded hotel. Probably the busiest Hilton I have ever stayed in and I have stayed in a few. This resulted in a less personable service upon check in that I am accustomed  to from Hilton. E.g. lack of smiles, asking how our stay was. Not good.   * breakfast was utterly chaotic.  Simply too many people in the main breakfast area. I should…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Convenient location, overpriced IMO","Booked a room here for a short Business/Leisure trip due to it's (relatively) lower redemption of Hilton Honors points and proximity to Paddington Station. Because of my Gold level status I did receive some perks, but overall less than average for Hilton properties. While the room was updated, the bathroom not so much! Room located in the main Tower section of the  hotel which seems to be older than east and west towers. For spending 66K points per night, it was worth maybe 40-45K. Bathtub in bathroom was very steep and for someone who often experiences back issues, climbing over the edge to stand in the shower could present  a problem for someone with mobility issues, not to mention the unsightly appearance of the wooden paneling on the exterior of the tube with it's cracks and…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,50/50,"I’d stay again but equally would look for other places depending on price. We were in the tower on the 11th floor. I believe various rooms/floors have been refurbished, however this isn’t one of them, so it was a little tired. At least we could see out our window. There must be many rooms on that side of the tower that just looks at a wall. The room we had was ok. A little tired. The bed could do with being replaced as it was quite hard and springs could be felt. We did however sleep ok. Could be the miles of walking and the amount of wine consumed! The bathroom could also do with an overhaul. Cleaning was good, but the general upkeep of furniture & decor probably lets the housekeeping team down as i’d imagine they suffer the brunt of the blame for the room’s tiredness through…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awesome in every aspect ,"I booked the hotel for Work in London and my family too was coming along. The rate was pretty good during the Hilton winter sale.  As we arrived to the hotel , we found everything ready and pretty awesome. Martina from guest relations had prepared everything. They had a small welcome amenity for my mother’s birthday (as I told them in advance). All the staff were pretty helpful and nice throughout the stay.  The room was spacious with a city view. The breakfast was pretty nice and diverse with many Halal options stated. The lounge was a great advantage too with drinks and snacks all day.  I wished I stayed longer to try the pool and gym.   The hotel is very centrally located with Edgware road station just across the street and a walking distance to Marble Arch and Paddington…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Just a number ... very busy, no smiles, no personality","We are just back from a 3 night trip to London for work and fun.  We chose to stay in the Metropole for the first time in about 6 years.  We won't. bother again, it is a giant chain with only one smile from reception as we arrived.  We should have savoured the smile we did get because we didn't get any more!  Staff are clearly not terribly happy and judging by the state of this run down hotel I am not terribly surprised. We are Hilton Honours members which usually allows us an upgrade, we should have had one but I really hope we didn't as the room was very dated and the bathroom far from clean.  Our TV didn't work properly though we did report it.  Also on the only morning one of us didn't have to get up for work ... the housekeeping chapped on our door before 9am, thank you! …",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London lights ,Stayed here before and enjoyed it the second time around. Check-in was quick and easy. Room was very big with 2 double beds and a sofa bed. Service in all departments was first class with nothing being too much trouble. Drinks and snacks in the bar area were good as was the breakfast in the morning. Some of the reviews stated good location however it took a 10 min taxi ride to get into the centre ie regent st/ Leicster sq.All in all another good stay in London would stay again and would recommend 👍🏽,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,2 busy days and nights in London,"Our first time to London and we decided to stay at this hotel.  Our room was in a renovated tower and though the room was small, it was comfortable with a view of some of the buildings on the Thames River.  It is walking distance to a number of attractions and close to a tube station.  We found our room very quiet as we were a number of floors above the street.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Do not stay in winter,I arrived at the Hilton Metropole in the coldest night of the year. Both my room and my colleague's room were bitterly cold with an inadequate heating system. I called immediately for a heater but was told they had none. An engineer was sent to my room and in total he visited my room 3 times trying to increase the heat but with no success. I was then tired from 7 hours travel and a bad cough and decided to ask for an extra blanquet. The following morning i realized there was even cold air coming out of the air con in the bathroom so i complained at breakfast. We stayed in the hotel one hour after breakfast and we were told we could change room just before leaving for a business meeting so we postponed changing the room to the evening. After a very long day we go to reception to…,Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok stay. Good location,"A good location for everything you need in London. If it wasn't for the location, we would have picked a different hotel.  Room was ok, however stayed in same room a few years back and had a bigger room with a bed settee.  Breakfast was a nitemare1 due to size of hotel, seemed much busier than last time we stayed. ",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Very poor Hilton,"I have stayed hear several times but this last time will be my last. Paid extra for a ""king Deluxe room"" The room we were given was the smallest hotel room I have very stayed in. Bathroom was beyond a joke, You could barely turn around in it. Worse Still our key cards did not work each time we returned to the room...meaning an extra 5 trips back to reception to resolve..each time being told it was sorted.  If you do stay hear I wouldn't bother paying for breakfast either. 20 Minute wait to be seated, service and food was very poor also.When I raised the issues at checkout staff were dismissive with no apology . I stay in many Hiltons every year but this one rely has set a new low for them . My advise would be avoid , there are better hotels in London for less money",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,excellent location,"We booked a suite, the Johnson suite. The suite was more than big enough and very clean. We did have a couple of issues caused by other guests , but Martina sorted these very promptly. The restaurant on the 23rd floor was excellent for food. Staff not very attentive but this is a seperate business from the Hilton. All staff at the Hilton were fantastic, nothing was too much trouble. As I mentioned earlier, Martina went above and beyond to make sure all was sorted for us, Thanks Martina!",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the usual Hilton welcome. ,"A group of 5 ladies on a weekend break. We usually stay in a Hilton because we know we will get a comfortable bed, good service and a cracking breakfast. Unfortunately, the London Met didn’t live up to usual standards.   The hotel was jam packed, and we weren’t surprised that we couldn’t check-in early. My friend had flown in, so we were happy to do paperwork and store our luggage. We were told that they would put our room on priority cleaning and text when it was ready after we requested an early arrival. We had dinner and theatre reservations and wanted to change etc.   At 2pm we returned to the hotel; and our room was not ready. The rude reply from the front desk clerk was “well we have had 100 rooms check in early”, to which we replied that we had checked in and PAID £400 at…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What a let down.,"Not sure where to start because our stay was a real let down. Unfortunately we did not look at the reveiws before booking otherwise wouldn't have stayed there. Thought because it is part of the Hilton group it would be good.Won't do it again or certainly stay again. Room very drab, couldn't see out of window because of condensation inbetween glass,invoiced for room twice and host of other things which I haven't got the time to mention. Glad we stayed one night because I would have raised the roof for a longer stay. In my opinion this place should be avoided. Surely with all the bad feed back for this hotel the management of the group should take this hotel in hand and sort it out from top to bottom.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location. Will return.","Overnight stop for my husband and I, booked as a Secret Hotel through lastminute.com so got a very good rate. Really easy to get to from Richmond Station and the hotel is literally a one minute walk away from Edgware Road station.  Check-in was easy, lovely receptionist who also offered us a room upgrade for a small fee. Hotel is really uptogether, whiskey lounge, bar, restaurant, snack kitchen etc. The room had recently been refurbished and was on the 19th floor.  Lovely big bed, good views and all nice and clean.  We pretty much walked everywhere.  Lots of restaurants along Edgware Road.  Hyde Park really close by. Good breakfast served til 11:30am with late check-out at 12noon which was perfect after a busy Saturday. TV could only get limited stations as the aerial wasn't…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,decent size room,"The hotel reception itself look great, good location and quick check in.  The room size is much more bigger even with had 2 queen bed as we booked to compare with few other hotels around in London.  Nice comfy and cozy room. Big hotel, big crowd.  Nearest to public transportations, restaurants and 24 hours supermarket. ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"We stayed here for one night,but as we had a lot to do,didn't spend much time there. The room was clean, the bed was comfy and there was a very good choice of breakfast. It's very close to Edgware Road Station.  However, on the minus side, after being served at the bar we noticed that we'd paid an ""optional"" service charge of £1. I queried this when I went up next time, and was told that I wouldn't be charged this time.I asked for the £1 from the last order to be refunded,which was done with a hint of irritation.  Yes it's only £1 per round, but they must make hundreds of pounds a day by charging for customers for queuing up at the bar for 20 minutes like we did!",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,As bad as Hilton can be,"As all us who has accommodated himself in London several times knows, most London hotels are really poor. This is one of them. Location is rather good, in walking distance of Paddington station and Hyde Park but that’s it. Room looks awful, shower is poor (in bath tub and old), tv signal is bad, everything has worn out, and room temperature is low even if set to maximum. Bed and service as always in Hilton. I really cannot recommend this one.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor Christmas party,"This is the second time we have had our works do here.  It was one of those big 'book a table' events.  The place was too crowded and with buffet style food, however with only two food stations for several hundred people you had to queue for half an hour to get old food which had little taste.  Card machine not working at bar.  Had to go up two flights of stairs to toilets.  Staff did not clear plates in a timely manner and some staff were. Ring openly disciplined in front of us being told 'if you don't want to do it I will send you home.  Staff then started to come out with bin bags to clear the tables while we were sitting there.  Music good but dance floor too small.  If it was not for the company of friends it would have been a terrible evening. ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perhaps worst Hilton on theplanet,I totally understand that money talks. I get that. At this property you have 2 choices Jeckel or Hyde .... twice the amount and you are paying for a slightly refreshed room with daylight. A standard rate?? A room that gives no daylight that smells of moist mold. I have to confess I booked here 2 times as the hotel for me to stay in in London. . The first room I had to beg for a blanket. One of the two beds were unmade upon entry and no blanket . The window points to a shaft that resembles a prison walk . You look directly into other peoples rooms . Wall art was removed leaving hooks and the obvious wear marks on the wall. I gritted my teeth and stayed . Hoping for my return back a week later to go better . It was worse. After being told I was being “ upgraded “ I got the mold…,Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really Good,"Really Good service, very attentive staff, really impressed with the facilities executive lounge, swimming pool, gym, and the restaurants apart from being in central London very good communicated with buses and underground.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Didn't get what I had booked and paid for.  Very disappointed.,"I booked this hotel through LastMinute.com as a secret hotel and stayed last Tuesday (5th) December.  I've had mixed experiences with ""secret hotels"" but I had feeling based on the description it would be the Hilton (who I have always thought to have a good reputation), it was 4 star, and was quite a saving.  Perhaps it was that saving that meant I got less preferential treatment than other guests, and my stay was far from 4 Star.  When I arrived at the hotel I had quite a while to check in.  There seemed to be a queue for Hilton Honours, and a queue for everyone else, but there was no one at reception at the ""everyone else"" part of the desk, so everyone seemed to be just joining the Honours queue.  Once I eventually checked in I headed to my room in the Tower Block (which I had…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What you expect from a Hilton,Nice over night stay for an award ceremony. Room was clean and tidy but not much of a view. Food was good and breakfast was normal fare. It's a good base and near the tube so ticks all the boxes. Worth a stay.,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"I recently stayed at the Hilton Metropole for 3 nights on business and found it to be a fabulous hotel. It's enormous! The nearest tube is Edgware road which is on the Bakerloo line which takes you down to all key sights in London for shopping too. Staff are very friendly and helpful, Wi-Fi in the hotel is perfect and breakfast was included in the price I paid - only flaw would be limited breakfast choice if you're vegetarian. Overall I'd definitely stay there again as it's very well positioned for where I was commuting to and also of an evening to explore the city.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Friendly staff and not bad,"Stayed here a few times as convenient to get most places and decent price.  Hotel large and always busy but the staff are so friendly, which makes a huge difference.  Sky bar/restaurant has great view but food nothing special.  Had a 1 bedroom suite upgrade which had fabulous views with Sofa and bed very comfortable. Door been bedroom and lounge just got in way as wallrobe behind it!!! My big disappoint was lack of vacuuming of lounge carpet as horrible when someone else’s cut toe nails stick to your feet........",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Practial location, quality so-so","Hotel was at max. capacity during our stay, staff tried their best - room in the West Wing was in need of refurbishing, price/performance not OK because of that. Breakfast was improvised in the basement due to capacity. Not too nice. Hotel is OK to stay at, but don't expect wonders...",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed - Nothing like the pictures,We stayed at this hotel for one night in a 'Deluxe Queen Room'. The first room we were given looked nothing like the pictures as it had been recently refurbished. The room was very cold and very uncomfortable bed - not like the luxury room we had been sold on. When I asked to change rooms to one that looked like the pictures they said it was available but was old and not in great condition (this came from the staff themselves). Wouldn't stay at this hotel again as it seemed the guests comfort wasn't their highest priority and being sold a room that wasn't up to standard made it very disappointing.,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a leisure hotel,"If you are in London for leisure, you can skip this hotel. It is full of corporate and group guest, the hotel condition is old and employees are too busy to help, I did not feel welcome when I stay here. I checked in with HHonors app and able to secure one of the bigger room, at 1212, I do recommend this room and the location of the hotel. The cons, the fridge doesn't work, wall is too thin and not able sleep at night because there were many groups in house and they are loud in the hallway and of course we are assign to a party room next door. If I will be in London again, I won't choose this hotel unless it's for convention or group, it's not as valuable. I'll check out today.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Do not stay in original tower,"If staying here, only newer ""deluxe"" wing has standard size Hilton rooms.  Original tower rooms are cramped and poorly suited for more than one person.  The location is convenient to Tube stations/Paddington Station.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Big, clean, friendly staff, convenient ","Stayed here for the first time this week. It was ‘OK’ - very convenient for Paddington, easy access to Edgware Road area etc. Staff were professional and friendly. I had an issue on arrival - my first 4 room keys did not work and I was on the 13th floor - so having been on my feet for 13 hours I was not impressed. The duty manager got the 5th key and sorted it! One of the 4 lifts kept jamming on the floor and as my room was opposite that was also not ideal. The room itself had a great view, was functional enough, had a bath and shower, and decent wifi. There is a nice coffee shop/cafe in reception and lots of restaurants within walking distance. I did not get the chance to explore other hotel facilities. I would return and recommend. It is a big busy hotel, and I sense it needs…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,So So Experience,"Overall, it was an average experience. This wasn't the nicest Hilton I have stayed at. It definitely caters more to the business and conference crowd. I'm a diamond member and I ended up getting a room that faced another building, with no view. The executive lounge is nice, and you're within walking distance of Paddington Station, but I wouldn't recommend this hotel if you're on vacation or traveling with family - especially if you're staying for more than one night.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok,It’s modern decorated inside (although the rooms are a little cheap looking) and has everything you’d expect.  There was a front desk mix up on check in which was a bit inconvenient but we got there in the end.  Right next to Edgware Road turn so convenient for the underground and a ten minute walk to Paddington.  Breakfast is also ok. ,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
1519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Froze to death,"Nice hotel great location but aircondiioning stuck on 16 degrees and zero pressure in shower. Had two rooms both the same , also had friends and they had the same issue, froze to death we would have complained to sort it but arrived at 23h and to tired but 3 rooms with the same issue. Terrible night sleep ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole terrible,Strongly advise against staying at the Hilton Metropole in London. Bad service and the rooms were overdue for a makeover 20 years ago. The room we booked was not available and we were kept waiting whilst they made up a Lowe value room. The bathrooms suck and need to be re-done.,Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
1521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel and improving..,"I stayed here with a couple of friends during a weekend visit to London.  We have stayed at this hotel sevaral times mostly due to its location which is convenient for Paddington and for throughout London due to its proximity to the close by tube stations.  The hotel is large and modern and it feels like it has improved over the last couple of years.  In the past the hotel has felt a little tired and there have been several instances where service levels were lower than expected.  On this visit we were placed in an upgraded room which was definitely better and newer than previous rooms we have had.  The room was clean, had everything we needed and was a good size.  The communal areas of the hotel are excellent, all look very new, are well maintained and there are a couple of…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing!!,"We stayed here on the 2nd of December for one night as it is only a short 15 minute walk to Winter Wonderland at Hyde Park which makes it the perfect location. When we got there we were upgraded to an executive room on floor 4 which was lush! It had everything you should need e.g - Kettle, Coffee, Tea, Hairdryer, Toiletries, Iron, Ironing board, Slippers etc. The bed was big and so comfy, best nights sleep I've had in ages! The hotel was immaculate and honestly huge, the main bar by the reception does the nicest cocktails ever. It has a swimming pool, sports bar, food, room service, a rooftop bar called sky 23! I couldn't give this hotel enough justice in words, I loved it and we will definitely back.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful experience ,"After arriving at the hotel in the evening after going being out we decided to eat in the Sports Bar all I can say is awful... they had one waitress on who in fairness was run ragged she was trying her best but had to deal with a party on one table and also every other person in their.   The food when it arrived was to be honest terrible one meal was inedible , mine was probably a child's meal as the chicken burger that I ordered came with less than the child's burger meal and it was cold .. the quiche was small with a little bit of salad , the only thing that was superb was the ploughmans .  Then the table clearing began before we were even finished with a different staff member who arrived from nowhere leaning over people while they were eating to take empty plates off the…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
1524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Definitely consider this Hilton,"Wow! It is not old world London (as are some of the other Hiltons and many London hotels) but it is a beautiful hotel. Very large, several towers, lots of restaurants, great fitness centre, lovely staff. A very complete breakfast with many choices and lots of staff eager to help. We are just so pleased. The room was extremely comfortable and very clean. The location of the hotel is excellent. Easy access to several tube lines, lots of buses, and a pleasant walk to Marble Arch and Hyde Park. The choice of restaurants nearby is only so-so but there are a few good ones, the hotel has several, and you can always eat in the other parts of this city as you explore or work.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good central hotel ,"A huge hotel with over 2000 rooms and spread over two wings. It takes a while to work your way around and a guide / directory in the rooms would be helpful.  The room was spacious with two double beds, and I had a very good nights sleep.  The executive lounge had a good drinks selection but a poor food offering. Also during breakfast there was music with offensive lyrics playing from the kitchen area. I informed staff member who found it funny and shut door. It was wedged open by another staff member two minutes later and you could hear the music with inappropriate words. The music should have been switched off; not appropriate for younger guests and nor what you’d expect of a Hilton. Receptionist was not bothered either when I mentioned at checkout.   Overall a good stay. ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
1526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice and convenient,"Stayed for four nights. We arrived early in the morning from LHR with Heathrow express. Hotel is 5 mins walk from Paddington station which is quite convenient. It is next to the Edgware road tube station as well.  Got an early checkin to our room. Complimentary breakfast with Hilton HH Gold status. Breakfast table was huge with good variety of items to choose from.  Room was clean, although decor was a bit dated.   Pool and sauna was very basic, there is a small gym as well.  Concierge staffs were very helpful and friendly to give nice suggestions.  This is a very nice and convenient hotel with a reasonable pricetag in London.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
1527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"This is a very large & modern hotel with a beautiful lobby, lobby bar, & friendly/courteous staff.  A comfortable alcove near the elevators includes a shop with prepared sandwiches, salads, wine, & soft drinks during the day when the dining room is closed.  We would not hesitate to stay there again but only if a short stay.  We were there 5 nights & felt a bit more space would have been helpful.  The rooms' modern design looks sleek but there is an abysmal amount of storage.  The bathroom, also very modern, had no place to hang wet stockings or anything else.  The location is perfect for getting around -- the District & Circle lines are just behind the Marks & Spencers store directly across the street.  The Bakerloo line is less than a block away in the other direction. …",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family!,"I work for a major airline, and we layover at this trendy, modern hotel that has all the conveniences and is in a good location. What makes it exceptional is the staff that works there, taking such good care of their guests. One who towers over them all is the reason I felt compelled to write this. Brais is the gentleman's name, and if you've made his acquaintance once, you have a friend indeed. I hadn't been on a London trip in far too many months, but as soon as he saw me, big smile, warmest of greetings, hand extended - two old friends reunited.  I had some errands to run, and asked the best way to get there & he suggested the bus - easy peasy, & most economical...and fun! But I remembered there was a card that you needed to board, they don't take cash. And that's the moment…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel for best location inLondon,I prefer staying in this hotel to others. They maybe better but this is perfect for location. It is at the edge of Edgware road so close to all the eats and shish coffees. It is on Zone one so you can get to the main sites.  First few times I arrived by car I used their parking but there is parking nearby which cost £28 for 24 hours with multiple entry. I always use this one now. It is only a short walk.  It is also convenient for nights out.,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor service,"The room was okay, clean but basic woodwork was scratched and overall tired looking.  I was attending a function and was told to call customer assistance to find out where it was but they did not know and said queue at concierge which seemed crazy!! How can they not have a list of events, a schedule and when in evening wear not ideal queuing at a busy desk. I had to call again once checked out having realised I had lost an earring and called the same non helpful number. They were very unhelpful and as I was trying to explain they were saying to a colleague 'I am on the phone love' obviously speaking to someone in the room. That said no offer of sorry to hear that madam nothing down right rude and unhelpful. Call number three was when I discovered two pre authorisation amounts of…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Absolute disappointment,"It was a farce from the very beginning, as I was downgraded because of my disability. I booked for an executive room and was down graded to superior room because of being in a wheelchair, however I was still charged for the room at executive price. then after my stay you decided to charge me incorrectly leading to you charging more then double for my actual stay. After speaking to less than component staff, I had to call overseas to the US from the UK to try and resolve this matter only for the case to be closed by your complaints team before the issue was fully resolved (as the case is still outstanding and I still don't have all of my over charge back). I find it abysmal that a company of this stature treats a ""New"" guest like this. I was hoping to make Hilton My regular…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here...much better hotels in London!,"Positives Located next to Edgware Road underground station so easy to get around London.  Check in and out was efficient...it's a big busy hotel. Room was clean.   Negatives  Our assigned room very dated and in need of refurb, same with bathroom. They've refreshed the lobby area so first impressions are good but then you see your room and it fades... Bed was terrible, awful mattress and uncomfortable 3 nights.  People sitting around in guest corridors charging phones - no idea if staff or guests but rather off putting to exit your room and people sitting on floor outside your room charging phones!  In addition we had the misfortune to leave a pair of Marshall headphones in our room. Upon realising this 3 hours after checkout we went back to hotel and no trace of them. I can't…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy London business hotel,"The hotel is huge with two towers, and it gets really busy from time to time. The days we stayed it got so busy at breakfast that there was a special area for Hilton gold/diamond member. It was still busy there. The executive lounge and the swimming pool were all busy, but just about good to enjoy. It could also be crazy at nights, but fortunately once you checked in after a queue of people, you can just go straight back to your room and enjoy the tranquility at your own pace. We have got a suite at the main building (the west wing), which was spacious and clean. The hotel is close to Edgeware station, and 10 minutes' walk to Paddington where heathrow express is going to (of course there is another hilton paddington but always more expensive than this one and not really close to…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great room, comfy bed, superb food but shower could be better","I stayed for one night. King size room was excellent. Room was clean, with a sofa, good wet room and tea/coffee facilities.  Breakfast room service was superb - got exactly what I ordered at the time requested.  One quibble - the shower is really weak. I love a nice hot and powerful shower - however this was more of a dribble. The head was too big for the pressure, meaning the water trickled out. Also the ‘change setting’ button didn’t work.  Otherwise a superb stay. ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge family room,"Stayed overnight with two teenage boys after rugby match. We dropped out bags at the hotel straight after arriving in London and we given a ticket receipt. Arrived for check in about 21.30. Got our room key (1363) and passed the luggage ticket to the concierge for delivery of our bag to our room. Pleasantly surprised at the size of the room for a family of four, two queen size beds and a sofa bed with its own TV. Great bathroom for our needs. Had a late breakfast at 09.30 and were seated within 5 mins, not bad for such a large hotel. Breakfast selection was good.  All in all highly recommend for a family of our size",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Do not stay here,"After staying here for the night I would advise others to look elsewhere. The rooms are not cleaned, bins left full, other guests food in the fridges etc... WiFi did not work, no drink facility in room, hard uncomfortable bed. Charged for items we did not have and then lied to about them being removed from the bill. Claims that someone gave my room number to order breakfast and they had removed this from my bill, later that day I received an email with a breakdown of the bill and breakfast remained on there. Lying, robbing cheats!! ",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge room,"This was the second time I have stayed at this hotel, but we were given such a nice room this time that I felt compelled to write a review.  We arrived just after 2PM and was checked in promptly and given room 209, our first thought was it would be noisy. It was based at the end of the corridor next to a cleaning cupboard.  The room was huge and had 3 sofas and a massive king sized bed.  The only downside was the shower that didn’t have much water pressure and the pillows didn’t offer much support.  The fan is also quite noisy when the fan is at a high level but we quite like that as it reduces any noise outside the room.  Well located hotel, it takes 20 mins to walk to Selfridges and right next to the tube station if you need it.  We had breakfast in bed in the morning, which…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Trip to London to visit Son (Regents) AND SIGHTSEE,"Visted Londa to see my son who was studing abraod for one semester at Regents.  The Hilton was within 1 mile of school.  Near tube station...convenient to touring locations.  Hotel very clean, staff extremely helpful.   COncierge was great to us  in dining reccommendations.  23rd floor bar/restaurant gave great views of city...my son said no need for spending $ on the ""Eye"".   Everyone was very nice o us and helpful.  Good fitness center...a little crowded but plenty of machines/dumbells to work out.  I would go back to this location for sure.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pros and Cons to This Hotel,"We just returned from a five night stay at this hotel.  We were in the Tower Wing which does need to be renovated.   We specifically booked a triple room here as we needed beds to accommodate me and my husband, as well as our teenage son.  Finding hotels in Europe to sleep more than two people is challenging, so we were glad to find a triple so that we didn't have to book a separate room for our son.    PROs: 1. Location is good.  Very close to Edgware tube stop which connects to multiple lines 2. Beds - even though they were twin beds, we all slept well 3. Towels - nice, over-sized bath towels 4. Very clean 5. Herb-n-Kitchen -  got breakfast sandwiches and coffee in this lobby take away      restaurant.  Good food, convenient, reasonable prices  CONs:   1. No outlet to dry hair…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location but disappointing,"Tower wing room. On arrival into the hotel was very impressed with the lobby and public areas however this soon changed once we saw our room. Very dated decor and shabby finishing. Reception took 30 quid deposit for 'extras' in the room - however all we found was an empty and non functional fridge. However, shower was actually very good and hot. The bed was two very hard single beds pushed together, very uncomfortable especially where they joined, stains on the sheets. Best thing was a very good location next to a tube stop and very easy to get everywhere.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Parking Charges,Staying at hotel for 50th birthday. Always expect cost to be reasonable with Hilton and even in London where I have previously stopped at a number of Hilton hotels my two day visit cost £78 to park my vehicle whilst staying at the hotel. Would not recommend a Hotel with greedy attitude to guests in this manner.,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pretty below the average hilton hotel,"I've been there a couple of other times. Was on a business trip and only for a one night with a colleague sharing the same room. The booking had been made in his name, although I'm a HH gold member and the second guest in the room, the status hasn't minimally been taken in account and honoured (i know it's not due but in many other places of the same chain it works differently). The check in on Nov 22, late morning, was very rude and rather below hilton's standards. Conversely, the check-out was much nicer and more pleasant experience, as we were welcomed by Noemi at the desk. She deserves a nomination because she was very professional and kind as other people in the hotel staff as Gennaro (if I correctly remember his name and a Spanish guy at the concierge).",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Central location,Super  location.  Excellent  reception staff. Shabby dated rooms in Tower block with poor mattress. Leisure  centre  small but does the business . Lots of dining options on site and nearby. Wouldn't  stay again without room improvement  room im,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Substandard,"Just returned from an overnight stay at the Hilton Metropole. Sadly it did not live up to the price they charged or the standards I would expect from Hilton. The reception is ok and has been refurbished, 2 out of the 4 lifts were out of action so long queues and waits to get to and from the room. The floors and rooms are extremely run down and aged, it looks like no work has been since the 70’s. Room was small and grotty, in fairness to the cleaning staff it was clean, but just really run down. The only positive is that is quite close town, but would expect more in terms of quality of accommodation. ",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and Adequate,"Room was clean and comfortable as was the bed. We asked for a refurbished room. Complimentary wifi was sometimes too slow. Breakfast was disappointing, only Luke warm, even when brought from the kitchen. Breakfast staff were helpful,  friendly and cheerful.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed ,"Having read some on the recent reviews prior to our arrival I had some concerns regarding the standard of the hotel. Sadly others reviews are spot on! Nothing like a Hilton I’ve stayed in before, our room smelt musty, bathroom was tiny and very run down, the carpet, decades old was covered in stains. It very much felt like I went back in time to 1990. Very much in need of refurbishment! I certainly won’t be staying here again and would discourage others from booking unless desperate! ",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful,"Awful Stay at the Hilton Metropole. Upon check in, we were ushered over to the 'Hilton Honors' desk and checked in, being told if we both have our emails we would each receive a free bottle of wine. Nice, I thought. More on that later.  Myself and my colleague both went to our rooms. I call it a room to be nice. I have attached photos. Tiny room, cramped, and my room smelt like someone had just opened their bowels, upon further inspection I found the toilet bowel was filthy. A Cart with laundry sat outside my room for ages. I suspect the cleaner may have used the toilet and not cleaned it? It was too embarrassing to say anything.  The room was substandard, old, and peeling wallpaper. Very, very poor for £250 a night. The fridge was dirty, the toiletries half empty. The air…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok for business,"First impressions are good, staff are helpful but rooms are very tired and need updating. Not in keeping with the rest of the hotel. I would stay on  business but not for leisure. An investment in refurbishing th",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor condition / poor staff generally,"The condition of the rooms I've stayed in here have been the worst I've ever experienced.  Also, on one occasion the staff were not helpful or friendly and couldn't even give me directions to the train station.  Overall, very poor hotel which doesn't represent Hilton as a brand.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,If your coming to London ....,"Then ... you’ll be pushed to find better in this price range.... I love this place ... it has a classy look and feel... and is staffed by people who care... and that makes all the difference ... great location, great rooms, great bar, great staff ...  Get it booked...  Excellent .. true Hilton style ...  Visionary music production ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Michael Koury,This Hilton has become the very best in customer service worldwide. The concierge remembered me from previous stays and simply could not do enough for me - very helpful. The executive lounge was a great way to interact and share experiences with one another.  In addition it is located only minutes from TWO tube stations and multiple bus stops,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Read the fine print...oh wait, there isn’t any!",This hotel probabaly would have been just fine for us EXCEPT for the fact that we have two 14-year-old competitive athletes who were counting on using the fitness center all week to maintain their workout regimen (given to them by their high school coach).  Nowhere on the website or in the in-room literature does it say that students have to be 16 to use the fitness center so we didn’t find this out until we actually went to use the facilities and were turned away.  Upon inquiring about this policy at the front desk we did have one very kind hotel reception manager who tried to help us and we even tried to sign a waiver but were still denied access.    We don’t have an issue with the policy as much as the fact that it was not made clear at the time of our booking.  Had we seen…,Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Value for money ,Hilton metropole has a central location and easily accessible from Edgware  road tube station which easily connects you to the rest of the city. Staff are excellent and very well trained. Breakfast is delicious and the hotel is modernly decorated. Livingwell Gym is a plus which uses similar equipment throughout Hilton hotels .   Rooms are comfortable and clean but bathrooms would do with a refurbishment. ,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"Don't let the lobby fool you!  Have to say being a Hilton honours guest I we have stayed at a number of different Hilton property's and this one is the worst by far.  Location wise is quite good for the cost of the hotel and we also had breakfast included in the room rate so that made this stay good value but expected a lot more from the Hilton brand.  Room very dated and needs a complete re-fit, feels like staying in a council tower block.  Shocked to get into the room and not finding any Wifi apart from chargeable - Not able to think of any other property that does not include Wifi as standard!  We enjoyed the breakfast but again if we were to compare against other Hilton property's the food offering and quality was not fantastic including the service from the staff apart from…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful ,"Stayed here for 7 days so paid quite a lot of money but the room is disgusting.  The decor is very old and tired the room smells, the bathroom was shocking, leaking shower and tap so water everywhere, no water pressure so it took ages to actually take a shower.  The carpet had dirty marks and the bed is the worst I have slept in, really firm like sleeping on rock and so tossed and turned all night and woke up feeling sore and aching.  The maid was extremely noisy when cleaning adjacent rooms early in the morning- 7.30 onwards banging the doors constantly.  I was glad to leave and definitely will not stay here in the future. ",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great service ,I went to London for a business trip. This is the second time that I am booking hilton London metropole as it is well located. Besides I would like to thank Hemantha and Francesca for their good services at the hilton restaurant. I will definitely come back.  ,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ehab Dabour,"Not the first time, great location, very central to many places including Hyde Park, Oxford St, many restaurants near by. The rooms are great specially the west wing, very spacious. Staff are extremely helpful.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay - ask for a refurbished room,"We stayed one night, booked through lastminute.com as one of their 'secret hotels' and got a double room and breakfast for £112.   V warm welcome and efficient check in, we were allocated a refurbished room (1710) which was spotless and obviously recently redecorated. Good room facilities, quiet with comfy bed and good shower. Excellent quality breakfast.  Would defo recommend if you can get it for a good rate and stay in one of the refurbished rooms. ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend family trip,Excellent hotel with extremely helpful and friendly staff. We were able to check in early as our room was ready when we arrived to drop our bags off. Roo was clean with fresh towels daily. Restaurant for breakfast good with a great selection of food items. ,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sorely shocked & offended,"We checked into this hotel last night, having stayed here on business previously. Firstly we were told that we had booked a twin Room (married 28 years) but maybe I had made a mistake... fine. Room 501 beckoned & I was & still am truly horrified that they can rent this! My husband immediately went to reception to complain only to be told that this is what we booked.... near in mind it cost £279 for the night (breakfast inc). The room is very extremely narrow & you cannot walk around the beds without knocking your legs. I have placed a size 9 gym shoe to show how narrow is the gap! There is no room for 2 medium suitcases & so we have had to put them on the bed to unpack/pack. The carpet is filthy & soiled in many places; the air con/heat is old & doesn’t work efficiently; several…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Regarding accessible room bed height ,Dear Robert   I Would like to mention that the accessible room bed/ mattress   is too high for disabled person who's using a wheelchair .  So transferring from a wheelchair into bed is risky and dengerous job to do especially for those who are paralyzed from the waist down because they only can use thier upper body strength to transfer into bed .  Hopefully you'll understand my concern as a wheelchair user .  Greetings.   ,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not that good,I was quite dissaponted with the hilton. They did not provide free wifi and you had to pay £12 for the wifi. At a 5 star hotel they should provide free wifi in my view. They didnt provide breakfast and the breakfast service would cost £17 per person. Luckily there was a Marks and Spencers across the road where we could buy breakfast. It was an OK location with a tube station nearby however not a good place to buy dinner and i didnt feel safe walking around the precenit at night. I would maybe look elsewhere and this Hilton was nothing special.,Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sub standard,"Cold, dirty, shabby and uncomfortable. The worst hotel room in a very long time. Disappointed with Hilton. Asked to move and they put me in a slightly better room. Expect better Hilton! You need to make serious improvements",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
1564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel , centrally located","I stayed on business trip at this hotel and it was really centrally located close to the train station coming form the airport and across the road from the metro, walking distance from commercial street. Service is really nice and people are friendly",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor Hilton experience,"Very central, great location.  Very tired bedrooms, small, cramped in need of some TLC.  Check in staff not great, overall staff not great.   The exception was the concierge, charming man, hugely helpful. Sadly his demeanour did not transmit to others...   Before my stay a colleague warned me of frequent fire alarms...  though he was kidding .. until the middle of the night when the alarm went off.  Staffing in getting people out of the hotel was appalling - they already realised I suspect it was a smoker in a non smoking room - could not have cared less.  No communication, no direction.  In a real fire.. I’d have feared for safety of all guests.  Food, average hotel fare. Overall poorest Hilton I have stayed in in some time...won’t be back",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Uninspiring,Room 1101...terrible room. Small cramp and tired. Hopefully other rooms are an improvement. Wouldn't stay there again if I can help it. At £180 seems way over priced. Better off staying at one of the smaller hotels in Paddington.,Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice location ,   Rooms need refresh are old some of them","Went for 2 nd time november 2017 , I am member HITLON HONNORS , but they gave me an old room . I think they have to refresh , you can’t pay so much money with old bathroom and room. The breakfast is minimum, the fitness center is good . The staff  except the reception is not friendly.  They have to take care somethings if they like to ask so much money.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convinient and Easy,"I stayed at the London Hilton Metropole Hotel for business in OCT and i was impressed with the location, service and easy commute to various parts of the city. The staff are kind and helpful and despite being extremely busy.. you still feel like a valued guest. I was particulary impressed with the big breakfast spread and love the choices available. The rooms were clean and quiet.. i would advice you to pay more for room with better views as mine was facing a wall.. but then again i was not travelling for pleasure so did not mind too much. Check out was quick.. although was caught off guard at check in where i had to make a cash deposit for any additional expenses even before i was given the room key. This i would expect at the end of my stay not before. Otherwise.. i would…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Girly annual trip,Well situated and spacious hotel. Bustling breakfast area with lots of choice. Reasonably priced too! Contemporary bar area which is good to work from during the day. Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great,"We loved our stay the hotel was in a great location, the family room was a good size and the children loved the pool for a quick morning swim. The breakfast was great and for a London hotel it was great value for money",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Short Break,Hotel was well situated with Tube station across the road for easy access into city center. It has very good facilities and was reasonably priced for London. Would recommend and use again for our next City Break to London,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"I had an amazing stay at the Metropole. The reception staff has always been very friendly and helpfull. I have been greeded from the Guest Relation Team, Sergio and Laura which are been very kind during the all stay. Breakfast in fiamma is simply amazing, With a huge variety of food and the waitress always smiles, they make you feel like at home , Giornada and Lavinia took care of me every morning. The executive lounge is always relaxing and tidy,Thanks to Shadi and Josh for the good service. I had a great lunch at the Edge bar ( the bar in the lobby). Concierge has been very helpfull and gave me many advises for enjoy the city, especially Tony and Brais. I would definitly raccomend the Metropole to anyone and i will keep it as first option when travelling to London.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
1573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not again ...,"I’ve stayed a number of times. Unfortunately there are recurring problems.  But first the hotel.   It’s a very large hotel with large public areas which are generally ok. There is also a gym and swimming pool. Couple of places to eat, which are ok.   There are quite a range of rooms from the large and spacious to the small. Some refurbished, some old, small, and dated and in poor condition. They say they’re refurbishing rooms but that’s been going on for as long as I can remember.   Pretty good location, very close to Edgeware Rd tube stations.   Now the problems. I’ve lost count of the number of rooms with heating problems. I stopped staying because of this but tried it again last week and sadly again no heating in my room. Left it 30 minutes as I’ve been told to do this in the…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
1574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,John,Thet didn’t find our booking for an upgrade. But we could buy a more expensive upgrade on site. Then they found the internet upgrade and said we were obliged to pay it. That we already had the upgrade was irrelevant to the staff.  We even had to pay more for it. In the end they reluctantly accepted that we didn’t have to pay for two upgrades. Very unpleasant both when they didn’t find the booking and when they demanded that we had to pay for both.,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"It was the end of our RIT tour and we expected another good Hotel and they did not disappoint us. Our room was fair size , clean and had everything. Could not get in at the bar in the 23rd floor, very full, but the view was great. Anything you need is taking care of right away. The breakfast room at ground level was huge, food very good and the service up to par. Very good stay.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid the West Tower,"If you've read a few other reviews, you've probably noticed a theme to avoid rooms in the Tower or West Tower.  Those rooms have not been renovated and the one I had smelled terrible. I was moved to a room in the East Tower which is better but still not up to Hilton standards.   The breakfast buffet is great as a business traveler.  I understand the line gets longer later in the morning, but at 7am, there is no wait.",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
1577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rather OK,"Arrived early around 10.30am and got served directly by the Guest Relation Manager. Got a room at once though it was early in the morning. Got it on the 10th floor in the West Wing facing the A40. But it was no problem with the sound from the traffic as the room was far up. The view isn't that great, but I'm not in London to sit in the hotel room.  Sleept like a king in the Queen sized beds. Even though they are a bit hard.  -The room was clean and and good. -Breakfast was served in a restaurant at the ground floor. The breakfast was very good, at least for me. - The view from the bar at the 23rd floor is amazing. Didn't have anything but a drink up there. -Eating at the hotel is expensive so it's better to eat in a nearby restaurant instead.  So it's a good hotel for the money…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,lovely location rooms need an upgrade,"I have stayed at this property few times. The location is lovely right at the corner of Edgware Road. Food , shopping, underground everything a few minutes walk. The rooms need to be upgraded as its definitely not Hilton standard.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good staying in London,Good service and outstanding cleaning - closest to Paddington Station with around some good restaurant and pubs.  I strongly suggest it as the staff hotel will really take care of you starting from the team that is in charge at front desk,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
1580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, Great Room Service, Excellent Staff","I enjoyed my stay here, room service was exceptional - the staff went the extra mile to give us a nice, comfortable experience. Rooms/showers are clean. Location is perfect for West London.   I really enjoyed the meals, we ordered quite a few desserts and I had one of the best chocolate cakes. Also received a complimentary macaroon.   If you are looking for a relaxing gateway, I would recommend this hotel :)",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing friendly staff,"Its a Hilton in Central London so you get what you expect. Modern clean room, decent breakfast, nice public areas, etc. However, the staff in the ground floor Italian restaurant both for an evening meal and the breakfast service were exceptional. Great service and very warm and friendly from the whole team. Whatever Hilton are doing to recruit and train staff in this hotel is exceptional. I stay in quite a lot of hotels and this service was genuinely remarkable.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location.,"A great location and very good conference facilities. The restaurant food was excellent. Staff were professional and helpful. The room was basic and a little tired looking for the price, but it was very clean.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One of the worst Hiltons ever,"Huge hotel with very poor service. Your hhonors gold status is basically worthless: no upgrade offered, not even willing to accomodate bed preference, despite specific request. And also no late check out. Hotel is poorly maintained and despite repeated complaints, they did not manage to repair the air conditioning in my room. Every day a message that they had someone looking at it and everything is ok now, but the room temperature is still above 25 degrees, despite the fact that the AC was set to 18 degrees and running at full power all day long... The water pressure in the shower is almost non existent and except for shower gel, shampoo and lotion, they don‘t even offer basic amenities like cotton buds or something to wipe your shoes, which is standard at every other hotel in…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel in terrific location,"Our family stayed at the Hilton for a week seeing the London sites. The hotel was neat and clean, the staff very helpful, location was great for touring, and the breakfast was wonderful with many choices. We traveled with my son and family and the hotel was very accommodating in giving them a connected room for their four children and also giving us a room close by so we could help with the children. There were some nice restaurants near by so we had options for eating with our gluten free and nut free family members. I would recommend this hotel to both families and businesses.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Somewhat Dissapointed,No requests made in the reservations were taken into consideration. There is always a huge queue to check-in even if you have check-in in on-line you still have to wait to get the key and the rooms are not ready for you to check in to. The hotel lobby needs some sort of system and order to facilitate the crowds.,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel conveniently placed,"Our room was good -- we were told that The Tower had been refurbished -- and much bigger than I was expecting for London. We were on the 18th floor so there was a good view over London to The London Eye. The bed was good and the pillows soft.   So far so good. The problem was breakfast. Of course such a huge hotel, busy with tour groups, needs a big dining room. The trouble is that the ceiling was low, which gave the impression of being in a basement and also made the place very noisy. To deal with the numbers of people, the service had been streamlined. It was efficient but more like a canteen. The food available was just ok, nothing special. Precooked eggs and languishing bacon, very little fresh fruit, little choice in bread and rolls. Tea and coffee was serve yourself from…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overall a Great stay.,Booked in for 3 nights the end of October with two small children.  We pre checked in and selected a room on the 13th floor.   On arrival our room wasn't ready (we were very early) so the assistant with our permission changed the room to one that was available on the 9th floor.   While Sergio Ottieri (i'm sure i got his name wrong so apologies for that) turned to use and lowered his voice and explained that due to haloween they have cupcakes for the kids and asked our permission to give them to our kids.   I found this to be an excellent approach and that extra mile to make us and the kids welcome.   The rooms itself was good.  Relatively large for a london room.  Clean room with all the facilities you could need.  Having to get into the nitty gritty I couldn't figure out how to…,Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Property needs updating,The rooms are very dated and need a refurbishment the room we stayed in had a stain on the floor and value for money was very poor - also saw a couple of other disgruntled guests requesting refurbished rooms only,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient location with warm service!,"This hotel is conveniently located making it very easy to get to the many attractions in London. A few minutes walk to Hyde Park where you can also catch one of the many Hop on Hop Off tour buses.  A few minutes walk to Edgware station ,  Madam Tussauds and the famous Oxford Street is also a walkable distance. The staff during breakfast are also friendly and ready to help. Iman and Kori( at the Fiamma Restaurant) are an asset ! Always friendly and welcoming guests with genuine warmth.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"We stayed at the Hilton for one night the rooms are were nice not big but plenty of room for the two of us, the breakfast was amazing plenty of variety of food to suit all diets, it was a bit far out for the West end but the taxi’s were outside the hotel so there was no problem getting anywhere.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful place to stay for high prices,"This hotel is trying to be high class but does not work at all. Good bits = comfy bed, bar on top floor has a great view of London. That's it. Tv never worked in the room. Room has hardly any lighting. Rooms are so small. Even smaller than a premier inn. Water pressure in the bathroom is a dribble at best, even on the sink tap. And all that for what you can pay for a 4star hotel in other capital cities. I know London is expensive but there has to be something behind the expense at least. Staff were friendly enough but did not have too much need of contact with them. Wifi connection good in the rooms. ",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay in the West Wing,"After staying at the Metropole for business. I found the service and standard of rooms to offer variety and quality. The hotel is very large with bars and restaurants to choose from, there’s also a nice buzz about the hotel. The added bonus is the close proximity to Paddington and the tube.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Started off bad. But ended well Exceed expectation ,"Stayed for 5 night end of October 2017. Husband wife, 2 kids (8 months old and 3 years old)   THE CONS First night booked triple family room since we know we gonna arrived late from Paris. Around 9pm. Check in staff  wasn't friendly nor attentive to start with especially when we have 2 sick kids in hand. The triple family Room on 3rd floor. was tired, small and cramp. Bathroom was unappetizing to shower in. Air cond and fridge not working. However since we were just too tired from earlier travelling and handling 2 small sick kids we just couldn't be bother to change room or ask further.  we called it a night.   The next day we changed to king suite. Located on west wing, 9th floor for the next 4 nights.   Much better  Room have not been refurbish ( old deco) however acceptable…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant stay!,"We booked a family room, but unfortunately only had 2 double beds for 10 and 12 year old boys! Would've  been nice to have a sofa bed as well! The beds were comfortable, but extremely creaky- difficult to move without waking up the whole room.  Having said all that, we found the hotel very pleasant and all of the staff were friendly  and extremly helpful. Used the pool a couple of times, which was great. Lovey soft fluffy towels and good changing rooms.  Perfect location for exploring central London- would definitely go back.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good stay!,"I stayed for a weekend in October ‘17 to go to a CPD workshop at Westminster Uni. The hotel is 15 mins walking distance from Paddington Railway station and 15 mins from Madame Tussaud’s. My room was small but it had all I needed. Comfy bed, no noise and food was delicious with a great choice (including halal food). There are also plenty eateries and a couple of convenience shops just outside the hotel. The lifts were fast, never waited longer than a few seconds. The hotel has a tiny heated pool and gym but it did the job. Steam room was just right. Staff were top class. Will be staying again. ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Super everything,"From location, great staff, clean and airy hotel with everything one needs after long travel - mostly staff made my stay super easy which is so hard to find these days  Happy to recommend this Hilton Property ",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not high quality as expected,We paid over £600 for 2 nights plus parking charges.  We had the Superiour room.The Mini Bar was completely empty and switched off.  The bed creaked morethan a 17th century galleon. The Ice machine on floor 10 didn't work.  We do hate to leave negative feedback but we were under the impression that this was to be a Luxurious experience but were sadly dissapointed.,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Faulty air con. Uncomfortable pillows. Numerous phone calls in the miiddle of the night to fix it. Expected better.,Faulty air con. Numerous phone calls in the middle of the night to fix the problem which wasn't fixed. Was not pro actively transferred to a new room. Eventually I moved. Initially room was not as requested on the right side of the hotel. Internet never worked after the room transfer.,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"The best service from Guest relations very polite , professional and smiley Ms Adriana Dragomir.",The hotel is very close to the stations and very convenient for families brake. Would appreciate to have a better mattress as was not very comfortable.The service received from guest relations especially Ms Adriana Dragomir is outstanding.,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Exceptionally good luxury hotel with the perfect location,- Stayed for 3 nights while attending a conference   - Perfect location which is very near to the Edgeware Road bus and tube stations   - Very helpful and courteous staff   - Lovely room service. They always have a warm smile on them   - The rooms are very comfortable along with the facilities and the toilets,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average ,"Good location for the Edgware tube. Only half a block away.  Friendly people and a market half a block away.  On a busy street but for us, that made it interesting.  Loud if your window is open. Ambulance and police sirens pretty frequently.  Small room but it was fine. Bathroom could have used some work.  Not really Hilton standards. Busy lobby. Never really saw people upstairs, because it is a pretty big hotel. Kind of a sketchy part of town.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"This is a very busy hotel as many tour groups stayed here. However, the hotel is used to a lot of traffic and handles it well.  The rooms were fine, nothing special. We were on a Globus tour so only stayed one night.  There were lots of places within walking distance and places to eat were within a short walk.  We also appreciated the fact that we had our choice of two tube stations depending on where we were going.  Our car driver to the airport the next morning told us the area where the hotel is located is known to locals as Little Dubai.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"Had a great stay here, I told them we were coming for a special occasion and they upgraded us and had chocolates ready and a birthday card. Breakfast was amazing and full of choice. Rooms and bathroom was beautiful. Well worth a stay. Close to everything and the staff are amazing ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room service ,"As someone with very particular food needs... so particular I always warn whomever I'm speaking to that I'm a problem child, Ameeta went above and beyond with Chef Michael to be sure I'd have a tasty perfectly cooked dinner. I'm so grateful when people are patient and accommodating with my specific dietary needs. Ameeta even gave me a call back to make sure my meal was great. A+ service!!!",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Home away from home,"I travel to London one a month at least and i have tried many hotels, the known fact about London that hotels has many surprises, most of them are un-pleasant, small rooms, bad service and other stuff!   This hotel brings only pleasant surprises...   Service: amazing, they take every request seriously and despite the large size of the hotel, they have an army of smiley people to help you such as Ms Adriana from the guest relations who is there to assist and help anyone. in my case, she managed to help me very quickly.   Room size: most rooms are way bigger than London average hotel room size, their rooms are also modern which is a feel throughout the hotel.   Location: steps away from Edgware road tube station and buses straight outside the hotel, you can access the whole city…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great night,"Went to the Hilton Metropole for a Boxing night in the Mings Suite. We stayed the night on the 15th floor facing Hyde Park. The room was very comfortable, clean, neat and tidy. The floor had been renovated to a top condition and was very smart.  Breakfast was excellent, great choice and so much to eat on a buffet type set up.  All staff were lovely. Thank you all. ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Meh,The rooms are oddly designed with 2 twin beds and gaps of less than a foot between furniture. Comfortable and clean. Nothing fancy. FIAMMA is definitely overpriced 17.95 GBP for breakfast and it’s all you can eat but basic British breakfast fare. You can get better at Patisserie Valerie across the street. ,Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent break. Great location,Stayed in delux room on 18th floor with very nice views.  Really good location and exceptional service. Highly recommend. Just outside congestion zone. The breakfast was great and the delux room was a very good size with tea and coffee making facilities and also a fridge. Highly recommend. ,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Could get better for the price,"Had a couple of night in the hotel during a conference. I noticed a couple of issues in the room that you would not expect from a hotel of this price tag (e.g. leak under the sink, network cable not working, holes in the towels...). The bed was comfortable and the room OK, but I think you can get better for this price, even in London.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fiamma restaurant ,When you go to such a great brand Hilton you do expect quality but we found even better thanks the expertise and skills in Italian food of chef GIUSEPPE CAFARO and we have been touched by his very personalised warm welcome . Also to mention the quality of service from the all crew under the supervision of the manager Biago . Big thanks you again  to chef GIUSEPPE CAFARO to make this dîner such an enjoyable and successful one .Grazie tante,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good conference venue, but not expected Hilton standard of excellence","I stayed 4 nights for business meetings and a conference. The hotel was very well accommodated for the conference and the location was easily navigated - close to the metro and a short 8 min walk to Paddington station for the Heathrow express. However, I was less impressed with the rooms. I stayed in the West Tower. The room was spacious and clean, but for the price point, it didn't meet my standard Hilton expectations - nothing extra and only the necessities. No robe or slippers, a very hard bed, mini fridge was not stocked, kettle didn't work and I had issues with the hot water being too hot (scalding despite being fully turned to cold). The staff was very good and room service as expected.   I would recommend as a conference venue, but I would find alternative accommodation…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Great Hotel,"It is possible the single largest Hotel in Europe.  Hence , it is advisable when you check in to ask to see the room ahead of time ,,, the corridors are over heated , and if you are unable to open the window in your room , you would not feel too happy. Our room has been changed , and we were very thankful to the efficient receptionist - thanks , which made our stay most enjoyable.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Great hotel,"The hotel is HUGE but the famous hotel standard keeps everything in control... the location is great, just a five minute walk from Paddington Station so you can get to Heathrow in 20 minutes on the express train. The area is a bit Middle Eastern and a female friend of mine that stayed in another room told me that she didn't feel safe to walk around the neighborhood at night... but I thought that the area was ethnic and quite cool...  maybe it's a gender thing. anyway, that's London :)",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sister 18th ,I don't complain much but to be honest my lil sister had the worst 18th birthday ever. After strongly recommending this hotel to people never again . She came all the way from South Africa for rubbish treatment and lying staff kmt 😡😡😡😡,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Started off badly but improved ,When we got to hotel we had a confirmed reservation but they had no room of the type confirmed so we had to settle for a lower class room with a view of the motorway instead of the city view promised. When my partner went to use the toilet the door handle came off in her hand. We went with handle in hand to see guest services person who found us a better room with a view of other hotel rooms. The breakfasts were very nice but we never got our room with a view. ,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very tired hotel,Stayed for a conference. General sentiment of my peers was that it has very tired rooms and facilities which are plagued with a number of small flaws. The tiny gym is emblematic of the general experience. Do not recommend.,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A good hotel in a great location,"The hotel is 150m from the metro access, in the central area of London. The room is small but clean and quiet. Beds are very comfortable. The parking hotel rate during the week-end is 25 pounds per 24 hours. I strongly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The outstanding staff makes all the difference for an enjoyable stay,"Spent a month here and truly experienced Hilton Hospitaltiy.  It is a huge place with a lot of events and conferences but do not be put off.  The staff work very hard to make sure every guest has a memorable experieince.  The location at the end of Edgware road is not Mayfair but transport links are fine for reaching the center of London.  I would like to commend one staff member, Barbara Pokorny(?) who really impresses everyone with her positive energy, infectious enthusiam and beaming personality.  One of the most amazing hotel service employees I have come across in over 40 years of travel.        ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday Stay,"Stayed here for my 30th birthday and had a excellent time. Ayal Gurr the manager and the assistant manager looked after me to no end and I cant thank them enough. The room was great, food was superb and service was excellent. I would defiantly stay here again and have nothing bad to note in all honesty! only thing is it could be slightly cheaper as the stays are expensive but you pay for what you get. THANKS TO ALL AT THE HILTON!!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Stayed overnight on Saturday. We'd paid extra for a king room. It was very modern and clean on the 19th floor so with great views over London. My sister had spoken to Sergio at guest relations to say we were celebrating a birthday and our engagement and we found cake, fruit and water in our room. Lovely touch. The only thing that let this hotel down was breakfast. The choice of food was excellent but the restaurant seemed too small for the amount of rooms so there were large queues to get into breakfast and unfortunately many of the items were cold. Overall though a lovely hotel & great location. ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good for some but not for me,"I've stayed in this hotel 3 times already and it was all the time because I was attending a conference and its venue was within this hotel. I have always said it would not be a place I would choose on my own. Let me say why: 1. It's big - three main areas, lots of walking, easy to get lost (ok, I admit, I am v poor at directions but still) 2. I stayed in east wing - and I have only one world: dated (eg: the paint is peeling off the bathroom furniture). The cherry on the cake: due to my Gold status I was upgraded to an executive room and the view is as you can see it in the pic ... not the best idea, Hilton ... 3. It's busy - they are advertising that they can accommodate up to 3000 people in their conference facilities, 2000 in the restaurants and 1000 to sleep (apologies if I…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"great location, excellent room and good service","weekend in london for my birthday - had booked it some months before.  great room, good service, excellent breakfast choice.  Good location for tube serving several tube lines although two of them were not operational for this weekend in particular leaving just Bakerloo line operating so a bit of inconvenience getting around beyond the hotel's control.  Well situated irrespective of where you need to get to as transport connections are good.  Lounge area with coffee/cafe facilities and bar particularly welcoming.  Skybar and leisure facilities including pool which unfortunately we didn't have the time to enjoy this time.  will certainly consider a return visit.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old and overpriced,"Saving grace is of this hotel is the restaurant staff there were exceptional and food was wonderful.  Beds very uncomfortable, sofa bed VERy noisy, did not feel welcome with our kids at the pool, staff not interested in feedback, tv not fully functioning.  An old hotel in need of a makeover in terms of services and staff. ",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mixed review,"This hotel gets a A+ from me for customer service BUT just OK for a few other things. The free buffet is good but not great. You have to pay for omelets, French toast, etc... excellent service though. The food was ok, could definitely be better.   Our will agents screwed up and we were supposed to have a double queen bed room period upon arrival it was one king sized bed for two of us which wouldn't work because we are friends. Want to keep it that way! Ha! So the front desk put us into a room that looked like a dormitory with two photons. It was so small in tight that it was even impossible to stay there for one evening period we reach the travel agent who quickly fixed everything and we were put into a double queen room within an hour of arrival. The room itself is pretty good…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in west London,"I have stayed here several times and I just don't get the negative reviews. It's a Hilton, it's big, it's busy, it's fun. The rooms aren't enormous, but it's prime location London. I think the toiletries are fine - if anything is missing just call down to Reception. The Flammia restaurant is perfectly adequate, and the staff friendly. Breakfast can be busy, but then it is a BIG hotel. The executive lounge is good if a bit small for a hotel this size.  The Edg bar is very good, although the prices are steep, even for a London hotel. But then I suppose you're paying for the comfort and setting. As ever they always seem one server short of what's needed.  I am Hilton Diamond, and have never got an upgrade, or had it explained to me why I haven't. The benefits don't seem that great.…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel .poor room.,"Stayed in this hotel over the weekend with my son while visiting a match . The hotel is easily accessible from London Paddington and has tube station across the road for transport around London. The hotel itself looks grand and indeed has a beautiful foyer and a decent range of restaurants and bars .We ate in the restaurant which is also the breakfast room and it was very nice. Excellant helpful staff and pool facilities. The big guy in the leisure centre was very helpful.  The only let down was A, the area B, the room.room 811 was noisy (sirens all night from the road ) and in need of modernisation .But overall better than average compared to some London hotels .",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst Hilton I have ever stayed at,"I checked into my room this afternoon and got an old decrepit twin on the 11th floor that smelled bad, had a rotten bathroom and mattresses that wouldn't have been out of place in a hostel.  I went to reception, politely complained and was moved to an equally decrepit suit on the 6th floor.  The hotel is fully booked tonight bad there is a function and I can only think that guests are either blind or will be so drunk after their function that they would be prepared to sleep anywhere.  Hilton this hotel is a disgrace and I will he ripping up my honours card.",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Service needs a lot of improvement,"This hotel has a central location to many things and as long as you are ok with walking you will like the location.  The area turns a bit shady at night time especially near the tunnel close to the tube station.  Some of the rooms have been renovated (I was on the 15h) and are modern and comfortable.  Bathrooms are small but clean which is the most important thing.  Overall, I found the service rushed.  Staff were always busy and just waiting to get to the next guest instead of actually trying to help the guest in front of them.  Long, story short, don't bother complaining.  When I complained about doors slamming in the hallway no one cared.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location ,The Hilton was full of wonderful staff attentive to your needs.  The road where it is was not my favourite but very close to the tube.  Swimming pool was fun.  Enjoyable stay. We didn't have breakfast so not able to comment on the food. ,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Is that a HIlton? Really?,"I am about to spend my first (out or two) night in this hotel and can't wait to write this review as i am feel so disappointed. No soap in the bathrrom (at least i could not find it); the fridge is empty; Not even a single bottle of water in the room. The air conditionning system always displays the same temperature, no matter if you make it cooler ou warmer which at th end prevents you to set it as you want. And the neighbourhood is just awful.",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
1631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Metropole,"There was a little bit of difficulty in trying to complete my prior arrival arrangement over the telephone. However, once I was put through to the hotel Ms LINA ZELEZAUSKAITE was incredibly helpful and immediately appreciated our family needs and made adequate arrangements for us to have a comfortable stay that exceeded our expectations. Excellent Hotel for families as the staff are extremely helpful!",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel - Tower Wing and West Wing,"Excellent location, service and breakfast. We were upgraded from the Tower Wing into to the West Wing (also known as the ""Monarch and King Suites""). Amazing panoramic views from the 14th floor rooms. Guest Relations staff Sergio provided great service alongside Marianna from the restaurant.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very conveniently located ,"Very conveniently located, a short taxi ride from Paddington station - you can even walk if you have no bags.  A few bus stop away from oxford street. With an underground station just across the street, it is easy to get around London.  The room was spacious, clean and everything worked.  Being a large property, expect to spend some time at the check in queue. ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Make sure you have correct credit card,"Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the end of September. Lovely room, clean hotel, close to all amenities. Very near Paddington station which is handy for travelling the Heathrow express from airport - only 15 minutes on train and a 5 minute walk from hotel. The one bad thing I have to say about this hotel was dealing with reception staff. Arrived on a Friday morning with my sister. My husband had booked and prepaid the hotel with his credit card as a present for us. He did not travel with us so I did not have his card with me. I did not see an issue with this as the hotel had already been paid for. When checking in reception staff informed me that his card had to be present. A £60 deposit was to be paid and would be refunded at the end of our stay. I argued that the deposit…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One Night Stay,"Hotel Reception was excellent.  Concierge service was excellent. I was here on business, the only let down was the room. It was clean and adequate but tired in areas - the bathroom. The bed was clean and extremely comfy, I had a very good nights sleep on the 10th floor of the west wing, overlooked by more hotel rooms. The conference catering was superb, really tasty high class catering for all tastes.  I did not hear any outside noises whilst sleeping :). Breakfast buffet was really good as was the evening meal, clean areas with staff replenishing stocks. We were on a very large conference that they dealt with professionalism and ease. The sky bar on the top floor has fantastic views of the big smoke. I came here on business but would definitely use as a tourist too. Sort the…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
1636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Home away from home,"Walking distance from Paddington and a tube station across the road makes Hilton Metropole my favorite place to stay when in London on business: you can safely plan your meetings two hours after landing, you will never be late. As a diamond member I always get a room early - even when flying from the US in the morning. The executive lounge adds a nice touch with breakfasts without a wait line, evening cocktails, and most important - a quiet meeting place throughout the day. The rooms are very basic and ordinary, but clean and with good wifi.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in an excellent location,"The amenities of the hotel are excellent and the staff is very helpful, but most of all, the room was clean, comfortable, and the hotel itself is in a great location. There are lots of local businesses and restaurants to service any need on your trip. It's right across the street from a London Underground station servicing two major lines.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Central hogel,"The facilities in the hotel may not be the greatest but I was served by some great people. Firstly Gaith who helped get me into a better room after the initial terrible check in and Georgia at the breakfast hall who was polite, smiley, courteous and very welcoming.  Not sure if I would stay there again but these two really did make a mark on the whole experience.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Work conference ,"The reception area is quite contemporary. The conference rooms we used were modern too. The food served in buffet style for lunch and dinner was delicious. Staff were courteous and friendly. The room was very hard to find, I had to find staff to help. It would have been better to be told there were different towers and wings. The room was nice but not amazing. A cracked sink in the bathroom, dirty windows, peeling wall paper and paintwork in the corridors lets it down. Breakfast was nice but the cooked food a little on the cold side.  Great location for central London, right next to the tube station. ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Will return to Hilton London Metropole,"I, too, was worried about some of the reviews of this Hilton, but can report that it worked out great for us.  Our room had 2 US Queen size beds, perfect for us, because we were 3 adults traveling together - Mom, Dad and twenty-something son.  Dad and Son are on the tall side too.  So the hotel air conditioning worked fine, although I did ask for a portable fan and was delivered one without a problem. The beds were harder than we were used to, but by day 5, they were fine.  The room had all of the amenities we were used to: complete bathroom, plenty of soap, tea & coffee, hangers, safe, etc...  Since we were out on the town most of the day, it really was just a place to sleep.  Yes, we heard some noise, but it didn't bother us.  There were lots of kids in the halls, that was…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice,"Booked here through lastminute.com (on their surprise hotel booking site). Not entirely sure I would have booked it myself off my own back (to be honest a little 'posh' for me). Can't fault the place (apart from having to pay for £5 just for a bucket of ice!!!).  Location superb, right by tube station and walkable to Paddington. Enjoyable breakfast.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Once Again...Fantastic Stay at the Hilton,"I find it very difficult to be negative about anything with the Hilton Metropole...  I always find the Staff deliver First Class service, from the Check in to the Bar Staff in the Lounge.  I have to mention the faultless service I always recieve from the ""Customer Service desk"" especially ""Adrianna"", I have asked so so many requests , and she has always delivered with a smile....  For the amount of Customers who stay at the Hilton Metropole it always amazes me  that she remembers my Name,,,,  Amazing...  I always get a nice room with fantastic Views of London..  Nice comfortable room, modern bathroom with nice clean bathroom...  The Hilton Metropole is a CREDIT to there Brand....  I do know I could have the choice of Hotels in Central London, but see no point, Hilton Metropole…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Charmless hotel,"I have stayed here twice recently for business. I found the hotel quite soulless with nothing that makes me want to return. The breakfast room is vast and gets busy, so as a result the buffet gets messy quickly. I was quite put-off at times and did not enjoy my breakfasts. The location is OK, although the area immediately surrounding the hotel is not the greatest.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired looking rooms ,I thought the rooms were tired looking the beds were uncomfortable and creaked every time you moved I expected better from a high class hotel been in better premier inns  Only thing that was good was breakfast ,Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Quick London vaca,"The hotel was fine and location was chosen for proximity to Paddington Station and Heathrow express. It could be reached by the Blue Line on City Tours, or else walking to major attractions within 45 minutes. Fiamma Restaurant on ground floor was excellent! Restaurant on 23 Rd floor had fine food, view was spectacular, but the restaurant advertised was not the one that ended up being there- assume change must have happened very recently.Buffet breakfast was very complete.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,GOOD EXPERIENCE,"The location is good and close to tube station that makes easy to commute. The room was clean but bathroom needs more attention. Min-Bar (Fridge) was empty, no water in & even outside. At Check-in staff was polite and helpful, concierge needs more politeness, though on our last visit it was amazing. A welcome pack and soft drink on arrival would be a great thing which will give the customer a more feel at home. Recommend staying in this hotel as would stay next time with more expectations  as I paid AED 2800 for 3 nights.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very misleading room descriptions,"Booked to stay with Edwards Coaches 25th August, it was a special occasion therefore upgraded to a Superior Family room as we were 2 adults and a child (17).  On arrival went to room which was a Queen room.  Told reception and they said we had to show the booking.  On booking it clearly stated Superior Family Room.  Receptionist looked at the booking then just shrugged her shoulders.  Tried to sort it but as we had booked this for a special occasion we weren't going to stay in the hotel all day.  They did give a small discount, but at the end of the day we didn't receive the room we had booked.  Very disappointed to say the least.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoy the amenities and location as you won't be able to sleep,"The hotel was completely renovated recently and has a very nice lobby carved into different smaller spaces for bar, lounge, coffee and breakfast plus Helpful, friendly staff. Very good buffet for breakfast, excellent central location. Unfortunately, the room was the complete opposite of the rest. There are certainly nicer rooms and the twin bed option was the only one available when I booked and the only one clean when I showed up. Anyway, it was so tiny, I could not even roll my suitcase through it, the mattress was uncomfortable, the room was loud not because of the road noise below (great soundproofing btw) but because I could hear the lifts going up and down all night. In conclusion, three nights of poor sleep...",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worn Down and smelly. Not a Hilton experience,To say it short. This hotel don’t meet the Hilton standards. While the reception and meeting rooms areas were very nice it was like stepping into another world when you entered the room and hallway areas. The hallways smelled of basement and old vacuum cleaner. The walls and panels were scared and dirty. In short worn down. The ice machine was rusty - didn’t make a difference as it didn’t work at all. Most of the tv-channels was blurry and there was no CNN at all - for me a pretty important and basic thing I expect from an international American hotel chain.   No criticism to the staff who were service minded and friendly. They fixed my AC that didn’t work the first night.  Very disappointing quality experience when you compare to what the Hilton brand should represent and I…,Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location but wouldn't return! ,"I stayed here for one Saturday evening. We arrived early from Paddington, the location was great, one stop on the tube and opposite Edgeware Road station. The check in was smooth and the receptionist was polite. We were offered a £20 upgrade for a better view and room that was ready. Thankfully we only accepted the room for the convenience of dropping our bags off as the view was of a crane and building site.  The hotel has an open door policy meaning that anyone can come in and use the bar etc in the evening. I found some of the characters in there unsavoury and intimidating. There were large groups of young men who were happy to stare at myself and my friend, make gestures etc whilst our husbands were sat with us. In the bar our simple order of 4 drinks took 15 minutes to…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel has aged and is at best 2 stars,"Hotel rooms are tiny and poorly maintained. Beds on rollers. Gym is also very small and not made for tall people (I hit the ceiling on the cross trainer). Also hotel room as reserved was not available - apparently I got lucky and got upgraded to an executive room, do not dare to imagine how the standard rooms look like.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,trip,The hotel is good and the reception assistant Joep is really nice. It’s in a great location and just 3mins to edgware road station and 5-8mins walk to paddington station. I will stay here next time,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole is AWFUL,"I will never stay at the Hilton London Metropole hotel again and I am a Hilton Honors Diamond member. I hated it. The hotel is shabby and grubby. The Executive Lounge was poor. Three times I asked for the plug in the bathroom sink to be fixed, it never was. On check-in I was offered 2 bottles of water, I said to the guy I cant take them now, his response ""if you don't take them now you cant get them from here later"". He offered me a room on the 6th floor when my profile clearly says higher floor and the day before on-line I was offered a room on the 10th floor with plenty of other rooms. I had even called ahead to say I was checking in on my birthday and I am a diamond member and asked what room I could get and I was dismissed. The guy at the check-in desk forgets who the client…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bed bugs and they didn't care,Stayed here about 4 weeks ago and got bitten to shreds. I complained of course and was told they would investigate and respond within 5 days. I never heard back from them. I stayed with business so the company was paying so I complained to let them know not for any refund etc. I appreciate these things happen and would have some confidence if they took it seriously but that was not the case. I will never stay here again there are far nicer hotels in the area. ,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Were worried about bad reviews but it was absolutely fine!,"We had read some negative reviews and were a little concerned as this hotel was included in our Globus tour of England, Ireland, and Scotland. However, we had absolutely no issues whatsoever. We stayed in both wings (at the beginning and end of our tour) and the rooms were clean and comfortable. I do wish there was a mirror by the desk so that I could use my straightening iron with our adapter more easily and could plug the hairdryer into an outlet next to a mirror and table (there are plugs in the bathrooms in Europe but only for ""shavers"").  I used the outlet by the full length mirror outside the bathroom so it worked but was awkward (if the cord had been just a bit longer, I could have used the bathroom vanity).   The restaurant was very nice and they handled the large…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poorly maintained,"The stay was disappointing overall. The bed in the room looked and felt like a queen even though we paid for the king deluxe. Upon entering the room, the room felt damp and dank. The bathroom had yellow stains and cracks. The desk chair had a major peeling of the leather. Those were some of the obvious poor maintainable of the rooms.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic. ,What a hotel. The biggest Hilton in Europe did not disappoint. The room was an excellent standard and a glass of wine in sky bar 23 overlooking London is a must. But most impressive were the staff. Every person could not do enough to help. Thanks for a great stay. ,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,BAD SERVICE,"The worst reception service I have ever experienced in my life. I was assigned a room which was already occupied. When I asked to speak to a supervisor, my request was rejected???  and I was assigned a room different than the booked one.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,Decent hotel in a great location. Executive club is very good especially if you like preseco. It's an enormous hotel but the staff handle the guests very effectively at check in avoiding delays. Our room was ok but looks like it needs up dating. We would use this hotel again in the future.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Compared to my other Hilton experiences, this felt more like a low price hostel...","Location wise it's ""close'ish"" to Central London, but in a dodgy part of the city .. the type where you wouldn't go out in the evening.  The room was unbelievably bad: chipped paint in the bathroom, dirty and rusty tub, leaking shower, long hair stuck on the shower curtain made me sick.. and no hairdryer? Toiletries: 2 people in the room and we got one shampoo, conditioner... etc!  Staff: Very stiff / uptight, feign and biased in my opinion, not the most sincere people. Upon booking a ""security deposit"" is also booked as an addition to your room fee .. just in case you use any ""extras"" £30 a day. All that and the minibar was empty, toiletries weren't changed, had to use the same towels for 2 days and beds were only ""made"" but linen wasn't changed.. what extras are they talking…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not bad hotel, but in a blue collar area","If you like diversity, this is the hotel for you!  We were one of only five white couples in the restaurant when we went to breakfast at the hotel.  Lots of hajibs.  The hotel was very clean, room was much smaller then I had expected, but had been modernized.  If you are on an organized tour, do your shopping for souvenirs on Edgeware road--they had the best prices we found during our 10 day tour.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family break,Metropole does well as usual this is our usual hotel to stay when we visit London (twice a year). The staff are great. The Hilton breakfast is legendary in our family really sets us up for the day. Just beside 2 tube stations.,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Helpful accommodating staff. Good customer service. Overpriced based on the room quality and comfort.,The staff was very helpful and accommodating. We had to book this room last minute when our reservation at another hotel fell through. We were tired from travelling and the Hilton staff made our night by gratuitously adding the breakfast buffet for all 3 of us to our reservation and providing us with bottled waters. The beds were fine but not what I expected from a Hilton hotel. They felt like twin beds from a dorm room. The tub was a bit dingy looking and peeling. The rooms and hallways need to be renovated. They are dingy-looking and dated. The lobby is super posh and luxurious. They just need to bring that luxury and cleanliness to their rooms. Also I made two phone calls from the room using what I thought was a local toll-free number but it turned out to be an international…,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Shabby Room,"This is my second stay at this hotel and so the second review having written a positive review last time.  This time I was given room 220 tower room which clearly have not had any attention to them for a very long time. Possibly the worst Hilton I have stayed in for some time. Carpet had stains all over it, room smelt, and the bathroom was in need of serious refurbishment with peeling paint etc. The baths are so old that the non slip on them has rubbed off and so they have rubber mats to put in them stop you falling over in the shower. I am a HH Gold card holder and so complained but as the hotel was full and as the room was booked in my husbands name was told it was tough by reception who did not seem to care and just snarled at me for complaining. Just to top it off the fire…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Impressive hotel, with great facilities","The reception is very grand and the hallways leading to the elevators are very elegant and magestic, there is a swimming pool so I recommend bringing a swimming costume if you fancy a quick swim. There is a impressive lounge where you can have a chat and grab light refreshments and the room size is fab.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor rooms; excellent ancillary services,"The lobby, restaurant, and bar are impressive appearing. The buffet breakfast was fantastic and wait staff extremely attentive.   The room was poor. Mattress soft. Musty odor in room - after I left and moved on to another hotel in West Minster I had to wash even my clean clothes, jackets and bags because of this permeating must smell.   Im not kidding - Duct tape was all around the large window as a fix to what I am guessing was a water leak. This was shocking to me.  The furniture was fine but certainly dated. The bathroom was like stepping back into the 1980s. The tub was approx 8 inches off the bathroom floor - this could create quite a hazzard for the elderly when trying to exit the tub. My shower curtain was broken and had mold on it. Additionally the water pressure was…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,NIce choice,"Very good position, one minute from Edgeware Rd. underground station. 10 minutes walk to Madame Tussauds, 10 minutes to Hyde park. Marks and Spencer opposite to the hotel. Many middle east restaurants down hill (may be too much). The lobby is really beautiful as you expect from Hilton. The room was a little bit worse. The furniture is old, in the bathroom damaged, and there were some spots on the carpit next to the bin. I really wouldn ´t expect it in such this hotel. On the other way everything was clean. One thing really disapointed. Access to nature conservation. Every day we found new bar of soap and one used was away. Where and why? the same thing with shampoo, conditioner, towels. Wasting in this way today is unnecessary and irresponsible. The same thing was with changing…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average hotel- not what I would expect for a Hilton,"Great location for walking to all the sights including Marble Arch, Hyde Park, Oxford Street, West EndTheatres, Buckingham Palace etc.  Liked ability to have family of 4 in 1 room as we booked larger room with 2 double beds and sofa bed so plenty of room.  Great parking underneath hotel although expensive at £35 for 24 hrs.  Has gym and pool onsite  Bar gave quick service.  Breakfast was hectic and untidy. Buffet style was messy but wasn't the staff fault from what I observed, seemed more to do with attitude and behaviours of many of the guests. Breakfast catered for all preferences including traditional British fry up as well as continental or halal menu. Disappointed that room service menu only offered "" taste of Middle East"" rather than a more varied room service menu that…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"great hotel,location & staff","A very nice hotel, lovely beds,great breakfast and super location, go for a room in west wing... nice people too..while a busy Hotel it is very efficient, nice pool also. While it may be a bit pricey the location demands that",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big & very busy!,"We stayed here for 1 night only in a standard double room. We arrived early hoping to park in the hotel car park, but after driving round twice it was obviously full even though the sign outside was displaying ""spaces"". This is a very tight underground car park & the spaces are limited & again very tight. It is not ideal for large cars. We found some on road parking which we had to use until we could get on the car park. On our return at 7pm the situation was the same. Concierge could only recommend to other parking areas which evolved between a 5 & 10 min walk. We moved our car eventually at 6am the next morning as we weren't able to leave it on road after 8am.  When we checked in it was very busy & we had to wait about 10 mins. The process was very quick & the receptionist was…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday Weekend,"The Hotel is in a very good location, very large and spacious the rooms are well equipped and the communal area very nice. Breakfast is expensive if you are a family 5 But I would return to the hotel again.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what expected,"Good location especially if going to Lords. But not up to standard compared to my previous experiences with a Hilton hotel. Not many staff on check in/out. Bathroom especially really old, broken tap, cracked tiles, peeling paint and rust on the handles to get on and out the bath. The main hotel is very flash shame about the room!!!",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Soulless and average ,What a huge soulless hotel with disinterested staff.  The main positive to this hotel is it's central location to all the stereotypical tourist attractions. Our bedroom was dated but clean and comfortable. ,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"I have stayed at Hilton during my stay at London on the 1st week of August. The best part was the location. Oxford street,Baker street, Hide park,St Johns wood etc all are at touching distance. Edgware road tube station is at walking distance with all the middle eastern joints across the road. The facilities are good and the hotel staff are courteous... ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Factory Style Conference Hotel,"I have to agree with many other reviews on the less than great experience at this property - it is a very large hotel optimized for business meetings/conferences and the area location isn't great, although it is convenient for the Heathrow Express to Paddington.  I got a remodeled Deluxe Queen room, which was fine and functional, but nothing special.  The non-renovated floors are a bit grim.  The service is very inconsistent or non-existent in some cases and the hotel seems constantly overwhelmed.  Even their Express Checkout did not work and I had to call and ask for a copy of my bill.  I have to say I can't recommend this property unless you have to stay there.  If you do stay there, try to get a remodeled room.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,An enjoyable stay. Easy walk from Paddington train station and close to shops. Very clean rooms and comfortable bed. A visit to the skybar is recommended for views over the city and a drink. Great breakfast with a large choice. ,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Depends on which room you get...,"Upon arrival we were given our exec room in the East Wing and it was grim, stained carpets, smelly, broken/scratched furniture, etc. We telephoned the 'magic' line and they didn't ask why we wanted to move (you will see from manager replies they know what the problem is).  They moved us within the hour to a room that was much better (still a little tired with cracked sink and other flaws like we could smell cigarette smoke but it was an improvement on the previous room).   After a tiring day we ordered room service dinner, it was genuinely lovely! We had steaks cooked as ordered, they were on time, hot and tasty. Breakfast on the other hand is very poor (I think this is a Hilton problem generally as Birmingham was equally poor).  They are not sourcing quality ingredients or…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Escorted group,"A large modern urban hotel, with enough in hotel activities too stay busy. Also a desk for the planned tour group excursions helped maximized the stay,  Dining however wasn't as varied as I would've hoped. More involvement with the local London attractions e.g. ""the Eye"" etc. would've been nice",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, fantastic staff, thank you!!!","Firstly, big thanks to Debra and Harriet who handled the room booking and stay. We had a complimentary voucher stay in appreciation of our voluntary work, thanks for arranging the lovely queen room.   Upon arrival we were warmly greeted by the reception staff and the check in process was smooth and uncomplicated.   housekeeping ensured the room was made up so beautifully and was inviting and spacious.   The lovely touches made really made a lasting impression for our family, thank you.  We had initial doubts whether the hotel would be suited for family’s or rather just business and couples. Surprisingly we found the hotel and the staff team great for families.   The room was spacious and bed extremely comfortable. The views from the room were amazing. The bathroom was incredibly…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs a make-over,"Booked the Executive Suite, it was not as big as described and pretty much everywhere in the hotel (except the lobby and bar area) looked like something from the 90's. Quite overprized and very crowded.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Second Stay - Just Ok,"My second stay at this hotel. Chosen for its proximity to Paddington Station for easy access to Heathrow Airport.   Nice lobby, very busy hotel and always a queue for check in. Had a room in the East Wing on the 6th floor. Very tired looking room - have stayed in lovely Hilton rooms but these rooms and interiors are old - but clean and comfortable. Noisy at night though, I couldn't sleep well with noise of other guests passing in the hall.   Used the Exec Lounge for evenings drinks and breakfast - very poorly stocked, runs out of food very quickly and staff are very slow to replace. Very few tables to sit at also. Again, not to the same standard as other Hilton's I stay in.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location.,"Good location, great breakfast but room needed an upgrade.There were chips in the woodwork and it just looked tired. This had been our third or fourth stay, and feel that there had been a drop in the standard of the rooms. Having said all of that,the location of the hotel is so good, I'd still return, but would ask for a refurbished room.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business Trip,The London Metropole Hotel is an excellent hotel for both business and leisure trips . The staff during my recent trip went out of their way to make my stay comfortable and memorable. I would certainly recommend this hotel to my friends and colleagues.,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Still a very good value,"I've stayed again in this hotel, I've noticed improvement in the food quality, and staff was just at the highest level making the stay seamless experience. I did not see much if any investment in renovation, therefore it still feels quite outdated.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay in the West Wing,"Just back from a couple of days staying in a Queen Superior room in the West Wing. Every part of the hotel we saw was immaculate. The lobby is modern and bright and our room was large and spotlessly clean. Breakfast was a very pleasant experience, not too busy at 7.30 am. The choice of food was absolutely immense - something for everyone. Every member of staff was very pleasant and professional. Nothing was too much trouble for them. The hotel is conveniently located right across the road from Edgware Road underground station and is just under and 15 minute walk to Oxford Street and Hyde Park. I would not hesitate to stay here again. Thank you  for a fabulous couple of days London Hilton Metropole.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great refurbished rooms,"This is a very nice larger Hilton, the main attractions are the executive lounge, fantastic Leisure facilities and the refurbished tower rooms. A sold and dependable option for central london.   New rooms are well furnished and provide great views of the city.  Great choice of restaurants inside the hotel.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Miserable experience - Terrible dated overpriced product.,"I booked here based on the experience I had at Hilton Sydney which was fantastic, This hotel is absolutely awful. Got an average of 2 hours sleep a night due to the horrible beds (Even in the upgraded rooms). Have since moved to a cheaper hotel  that makes the Metropole look like a backpackers.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Definitely not a 4 Star,"This hotel is at best a travel lodge quality property.  I travel 200 days per year and rarely spend any time providing reviews, but this is a hotel to avoid.  Cross this off the list and move on - there are much better, cheaper options all over the area.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a typical Hilton hotel very old and the room smelt of stale old smoke window outlookef a brick wall,Very smelly room smelt of old stale smoke the room was shabby and the out look was a brick wall. Once we complained we got the room changed but had to wait for an available room. The 2nd room was much better but not what I would class a Hilton hotel,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay in London Hilton Metropole,"I truly enjoy staying in this hotel given the friendly staff , cleanliness of the rooms, and the amazing location. I will always come back to this hotel and will never hesitate to recommend strongly it to others.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,The hotel was much more than we expected. Location was great.  Service was great.  Had internet access which was reliable. Breakfast was good. The hotel even packs you a breakfast if your flight leaves early. Excellent place to stay.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Overpriced, small rooms and beds",Overpriced with very small rooms and narrow beds in twin rooms. Pillows small and no options. Nowhere near as spacious or comfortable as other hotels in the Hilton family including the Hampton by Hiltons.  Not very attentive staff in the foyer bar,Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Hotel is a good location for visiting London. Good access to public transportation. Including breakfast option worked out well for us. Room queen size beds were good for a family of 4. Enjoyed the gourmet food at Fiammes.,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"We stayed at the west wing, three adults & two children, the hotel is clean, quiet, staff are very helpful and nice. Close to Oxford street and lots of restaurant. First time stay, but will be our next selected also🌹🌹🌹  ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Staff!,"I treated my daughter to a couple of nights in London for her 16th birthday. I have stayed at this hotel several times before, and it has never disappointed. I spoke to guest relations manager Sergio Ottieri and guest relations officer Laura Casale about my daughters birthday. They assured me that the room would be prepared for her with balloons and treats. The effort they went to was amazing. They certainly did not let me down, and made all the difference to making my daughters birthday really special. They are a credit to Hilton Hotels. I will recommend this hotel to family and friends and will certainly be coming back! The breakfast was also lovely. ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Environment ,"One of the best hotels in London.. the staffs are very friendly. And the best part was its environment. Since i m from Dubai, and their I found the Arabic atmosphere 😊 my stay was very joyful. Will definitely stay there again if i visit London in future 😊",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bedrooms and Eating Areas Dirty and Poor Service,"I spent one night here and it will be my last!  We were allocated an end of corridor room in the Tower Building.  The door would not open fully and it was difficult to get ourselves and cases in.  The room was small, hot, dated and grubby and the bathroom was absolutely disgusting.  The toilet pan was stained and the bath panel was rotten.  The bed was as hard as nails and the mattress did not fit the base and the wooden slats were showing and I managed to bang my legs on them as I got out of bed.   The carpet was dusty and stained and I could write my name in the dust on the television stand.   The service in the bar was poor.  I ordered drinks and  was told they would be brought over, but that only happened when the waiter had finished his lengthy chat to a colleague while I…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No longer the Jewel of London,Sub standard service. Lack of customer service standards and experience. Dirty rooms. Hugely overpriced. In desperate need of modernising and attention to vegetarian menus a must to remain viable !!!! ,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing room let the hotel down,"Stayed for a weekend recently and while the Hotel in general was quite good, the room we were in on the 20th Floor certainly was not. We were in an interconnected room and every sound from next door was audible, with young children crying etc. The room was very small - my wife hit off the TV (very poor picture) at least twice as there is so little room to walk around. The bathroom was one of the smallest I have ever been in, had mould on the tiles and hair from a previous guest still in the bath. The shower was very poor, and it would be impossible for anyone with long hair to wash it. The toiletries were ok.  We asked to be moved but were told there were no rooms available - despite been offered ""upgrades"" a few minutes earlier when we checked in! The breakfast was fine, and…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient to the tube,"Everyone uses the tube in London.  This Hilton is adjacent to big station.  That proved very convenient for our stay as we awaited to beginning of a Globus tour.  The health club and pool were very nice.  The provided ""Full English breakfast"" was truly full.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice rooms, good space, Bathrooms need upgrade","we were a family of 3 adults and 2 children and stayed at the Hilton during the first week of August. 1 adult and 2 children stayed in the new WEST wing, as it had family rooms. the rooms were great and had adequate space, but the bathrooms need a serious upgrade. it is a walk down the corridor from main reception to get to the lifts to this section.    the remaining 2 adults stayed in a king room in the tower section, their room however was very small and not adequately furnished. the bathroom was a lot better than the family room.  breakfast was great with a wonderful variety to choose from, we especially loved the fresh juices made every morning by a wonderful lady! you can choose the ingredients and she makes it fresh while you wait. the breakfast area does get very busy and…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Quality of service was excellent,"Stayed here in a one night trip to London, lovely facilities, large hotel, more than enough space in the restaurant and bar area.   We had a room on the 7th floor, great lift access, comfortable bed and large bathroom. The only thing Was there were no opening windows in the room, which I personally don't like as I like to sleep with a window open. The room was hot when we arrived, but the air conditioning provided reduced the temperature.  Breakfast was lively and good in the large dining area, with great choices of food for all tastes.   Would go back! ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,worse service ever. they just want you money,"we arrive at the hotel and everything fine ? NO First the room stink and there are no windows to open then there were two weddings on weekend with a very loud music till 1 am so forget sleeping. we called the front desk but nothing they could do as wedding could not stop or cancel. Then comes the swimming for my 13 years old, we have been asked to swim with her (not even sitting next to the pool watching) till she is  done. Then here was the worse, tried to warm up my 2 years old baby food but hey you can not use restaurant microwave as hotel policy.  it really sucked!!!! try yourself!!!",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Smelly room with brown stain on mattress,"This was by far the worst hotel I have stayed at for a very long time. The room I was allocated was smelly, dated and had a large brown stain on the mattress. Only after 3 telephone conversations was I moved to an upgraded room. I then asked for my room TV to be retuned as I wanted to watch a live football match on a UK freeview channel. After nearly 5 hours, and 15 minutes before the end of the game, someone arrived without the necessary remote control, who was more interested in attending to another customer. ",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing experience from start to finish,"Bring your sleep mask. No, really, you're going to need it if you want a decent nights sleep. The AC turns off with the lights, so I had to sleep with the lights on every night. Even with the AC on full blast, the room never gets particular cold.   Frankly, this is the most disappointing Hilton I've stayed at in a long time, and for sure the most disappointing full service Hilton. I'm a longtime Hilton member with status and was ""upgraded"" - I would hate to see what it would look like without an upgrade. The hotel hasn't been updated since the 80s at best - the other reviews showing upgraded rooms must be isolated to one floor in one building, because I've now seen several areas of the hotel and nothing is upgraded. My bathroom has cracked paint and chips where more paint has…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"4-star if you stay in West Wing, 2-3 star if you stay in Tower/East Wings","This used to be my favourite hotel in London, as I have been visiting and staying in West wing rooms since 2012. West wing rooms are actually above average in size compared to other hotels and other Hiltons in London.  Only stay at this hotel if you book a West Wing room, branded ""King Superior"" or ""Queen Superior"". Do not stay in any other rooms.   I like the feeling and ambiance of this hotel, as it is a large 'happening' hotel and I get the feeling of being at a 'Vegas hotel' due to its size. you need a good 10 minute walk to West Wing rooms.   It has a few different options for drinks and food. The quality of food is not that great, especially at Fiamma restaurant, but it is average.  Its clientele is international, with focus on events and business travellers. there are…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"great location, very clean and friendly staff","everything you need in your room is provided - standard twin isn't the largest but everything you need and clean. Only criticism and i am being picky is in the bathroom, there is a wooden bath panel that was water damaged and good do with being changed. that's my only complaint.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disgraceful management response for health and safety incident. Make sure you have your own insurance policy when stayin,"Had three separate falls due to no anti slippery mat in the bath provided by housekeeping, disconnected suspended flooring in shower en-suite and unfixed toilet seat which went side way as soon as you sit on it.  I called the hotel twice but failed to get answer and had to eventually go to executive lounge for reporting. When the manager get involved eventually, they helped to fix the problem bit by bit but after I called them 3 times, they eventually refused to provide me any compensation or offer any goodwill gesture for compensating my loss as my phone was smashed during the phone. one even suggested this could be due to my own fault even though i reported my phone smashed immediately after the falls. Honestly, if the hotel want to make such suggestion, they should have done…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Exceptionally friendly staff,"A good standard hotel.  Runs very efficiently. The management have got it right, and the place is a well oiled machine.  The staff in all areas went out of their way to be friendly and helpful.  I had a deluxe room and was fully satisfied with facilities and cleanliness. Breakfast was of a very good standard with plenty of choice of hot and cold food. Hotel close to tube stations, so could get anywhere in London centre in about 20 mins.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Any HHonors member, be wary, seriously annoyed at this Hilton property.","Nice location is all this place has in its favour. I have Gold class Honors, normally this means a comp upgrade but not this time. No worries, you can't always get it if the hotel is full (although this is the only time it happens in my 5 years of hhonors history). Walking up to the room you are greeted by piles of filth, room after room has piles of crap (photos attached)outside, literally piles of disposed plates, kebab wrappers etc, I had to kick a cup away from outside my door as I swiped to enter. Room is supposed to but does not have comp water. Called up twice and was not delivered, operator said this was a change in policy, I knew this was bshit and told him so, was then transferred, to another operator who kept thought I was ordering coke, after much time wasting went…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole Edware Road Perfect,"Great hotel, Great location, Great breakfast, Great staff, Great parking, Great experience, Great room, Totally recommend to all you will not be disappointed, My second stay and this surpasses the first.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A comfortable stay,This was a pleasant surprise as I was a bit discouraged by some 'reviews I read before coming. It's a lovely hotel uniquely quaint and homey yet modern. The rooms are typical of UK hotels so not as large as the US but very comfortable.  Breakfast buffet is excellent. Close to the high standard of Caribbean all inclusive resorts. The closeness of the tube station makes it  ideal to access all London sights and shopping areas. A large m&s is just opposite and lots of restaurants nearby. I'd stay here again especially if room rates decrease. ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Non smokers stay away!,My two friends and I booked an overnight stay and booked a triple room. Our first room had clearly been smoked in by the previous occupants. We complained and were given the key to a second room. Unless we were prepared to wait 20 mins we had to go downstairs with our luggage to get the key to our second room. Unbelievably this room stank of smoke too. The windows did not open so we didn't have the option of airing the room. We phoned down to Reception and they were not remotely apologetic. When we suggested that they come and smell the room for themselves we were told smoking rooms were only on floors 1 and 20. So yet again we go to change our room. Third time lucky and finally we could unpack!  We were shocked to open the fridge and find a half eaten pizza still in there. A…,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cracking Hotel!,"I love staying in London hotels because of the diversity of clientele and you really can't get more diverse than this vibrant hotel, located ideally for activities across the capital.   Check in was quick and efficient, with reception staff taking great care to talk about the features of the hotel.   Rooms are perfect, with good quality en suite bathrooms.   We dined in the restaurant and the staff are clearly committed to a pleasant customer experience both during dinner and breakfast service.   Breakfast was the usual high standard for a Hilton.   The only disappointment was that we went for a drink in the bar and were told that we would receive table service, which took 15 minutes to materialise.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My second bad Hilton stay,"I did not like the stay at all. It just replaced my worst Hilton stay. I have generally liked my stays at Hilton before but this one was not right at all. The check-in took almost half an hour which was particularly painful since we reached at almost 11 PM and the counters were too busy as the staff was slow. The room was next to an elevator and noisy, sockets were impractically located and coffee tray broken. In general the room was run down and could have used some better maintenance.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"This is our 4th 6 day stary at the Hilton Metropole. It has an excellent location, rooms are larger than normal and in general the staff are most helpful especially if you have a problem and they do go out of their way to help. We always go for the Executive room upgrade as it give you access to the Ex Lounge when refreshment and drinks are served along with some very tasty nibbles.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The Tour Group Paradise,"The rooms at the Metropole were larger and generally nicer than you would find in many London hotels.  It's very close to the Edgware Tube station, and depending on where your room is located, you can see the London eye in the distance.  Breakfast had a great vast selection to choose from and the staff were helpful and kind.  I was not a fan of the location and how far from downtown London it really is, nor was there anything seemingly nice in the area.  It is also a hotel for tour groups, so it is very busy.  Because of its lack of proximity to downtown, I probably wouldn't stay again.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice,"Hilton Metropole has always been my to go hotel if i want to be in central London for summer.  Its an ok hotel, a bit dated but clean.  Close to Oxford street. We always walk to and fro but there are taxis available at the front of the hotel. Costs just about 5pounds to Marbke arch.  Nice breakfast buffet, lovely staff and will definitely come back",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,2 star quality in a good location,"Firstly we got to the hotel at 2.30pm and were told our room won't be ready for another hour.......considering check in time is 3pm not a great start. The toilet in the foyer was flooded and when we finally got our keys we went to our floor.  As we exited the lift we were met with a horrible stench......seems to be the ice machine.  The rooms were a decent enough size.  The toilet had a water running sound 24/7 that seemed like a faulty toilet but we were told it's normal......the shower has only one temperature setting, scolding hot.  The worst part of this experience was actually the bed. Anyone who enjoys sleeping on concrete will love these beds. I found it more comfortable to sleep on the floor.  These beds will give you a bad back! Will never stay here again, ever!",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,"Stayed three nights over the weekend, the hotel is close to both of the Edgware Road underground stations which makes getting around London easier, Room was good ,clean,and breakfast was fine, plenty of choice, the hotel is busy but the staff are always courteous and efficient",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"This hotel is massive, some of the rooms are being refurbished. Try and get one of them. The air conditioning is not the best so the higher the floor the hotter it is. The food in the hotel is passable at best but there are really good restaurants in the surrounding area. If you need to call maintenance or even change an iron be prepared for a wait they are not the quickest. The beds are comfortable and the rooms are clean.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy hotel in the Paddington/Edgware region,"Took the whole family (myself, wife, three preteen children) on a week long trip to London, arranged through a travel agent. The hotel was conveniently located near the Edgware Road tube stations. Hotel staff were courteous and attentive. The hotel was very busy this summer, and we were kept up late into the evenings due to loud families in the hallway, including one evening episode of some raucous banging on doors and running/stomping down the hall. We did not feel comfortable in the pool and did not tarry long due to a non-chlorinated door. The hotel room itself was adequate, but the bathroom was old and not very clean.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Popular Business and Convention Hotel,"I've stayed for a total of four nights at this large and busy hotel along edgeware road while on a London and outskirts tour.  Apparently there are 12 Hiltons around the Greater London Area and The Hilton London Metropole is one of Them and The Hilton London Metropole is located along Busy Edgeware Road and the Two Lines of the Tube is just located 150 meters and 100 meters away from the Hotel to give you cheap access around london. The Hotel is a convention Hotel with two towers and with more than 1,070 rooms and suites in the two towers and is currently under renovation. This hotel has two restaurants Fiamma (buffet) and a Japanese Restaurant and two Bars (Whisky Lounge and Sports Bar).  The Main Draw of this hotel is that it is close to some attractions like Madame Tussaud's…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Example of quality service,"The service very good, the staff speaks several languages, so there is no communication problem. Breakfast very good and varied. The cost above the average. No problem if you get in with some food or drink although the hotel has shops. It is very well located for taking either the subway or taxis or other means of urban transport.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Delays on everything,"Any service you ask for will take too long.  When you check in, you need to wait 1 hour at least for your bags.  If you are checking out, call for your bags to be collected 1 hour early or you will miss your flight.  Don't call for any other service, because your whole day will be wasted, that is if they come. ",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great stay, very child-friendly","Booked this with the hilton kids-eat-free option, it was just myself and my 3 kids ages 9, 7, 6  - this is really a great place - metro in front of hotel multiple lines, nice pool, rooms totally fine and all staff here are totally gear, very friendly with lots of attention to the kids - as a hhonors diamond and frequent (business) visitor to London I can truly recommend this proerty - keep it up folks !!!!!!",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel Experience,"Hilton Metrpoen used to be good but during non-peck time while at peck time it should be avoided due to poor services and low quality of respond, it been arguing with the front disk about the breakfast and instead of helping me to resolve the problem, the front disk keep arguing and defensing the hotel about my complain and finally I cancelled my room breakfast due to this attitude.",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible Experience Hilton Metropole London,The worst hotel experience in almost 30 years of traveling for    leisure and business and staying at 4 and 5 star hotel worldwide  from four seasons to four points. This was the worst in terms of Hotel staff who were rude and dishonest and so cheap. When you pay more than 4000 sterling pound for your stay and still room service asks you to pay 5 pounds for providing you an empty plate you kind wonder how cheap they are.,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel!,The hotel was clean and nice. Our room was normal but spacious. The front desk was very kind and considerate.  There were things to do and it was not very far from the underground station so we were able to look around London easily.,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel for the weekend,"It's a nice and well located hotel, steps from Edgware Underground Station, quite convenient to explore London using public transport.  Check-in was smooth and quick, even if the hotel looked quite crowded.  We arrived early, but there was a room similar to our booked one so they gave it to us. Very appreciated, being with kids.   The room was nice, with two double beds and a big window. Bathroom was average, but clean.   Breakfast has a good arrangement of choices, on the medium quality side.  The restaurant, ""Fiamma"" isn't good as well for dinner.  The luggage storage room is very convenient for the last day, when your flight leave late in the afternoon and you still want see something in the city.   All personnel was friendly and helpful.  I would recommend the hotel as good…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, good location","We stayed here for two nights.  Nice hotel, good location close to transport.  Room small but clean, room shows some signs of age.  The only negative was the sirens all night long.  Apparently, hotel is located next to hospital and largest police station in the city.  Not very loud, but very, very many of them.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Below par,"Though the Hilton name and reputation has dipped in recent years... I have to say I was still disappointed with my overall stay here. For the price you pay I'd expect more.  Hotel staff were friendly, which is a great positive, however the cleanliness overall was not good. We had to have our fridge cleaned due to old stale chocolate milk being everywhere!!  Pool was nice but again, seemed dated and grubby.",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large hotel and well appointed,The hotel is very large with several towers and restaurants. I booked two rooms for me and my family. Rooms where standard and clean. Breakfast was very crowded and sometimes food was missing. Check in and check out were very fast. Location is very good.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Feedback,Very Good and helpful  location is in heart of city facilities are very good Staff is nice and well trained   food is good and there is a section for Halal food check out is fast  facilitate transportation from and to Airport Facilitate Transportation for inside Trips,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,3 day stay as tourists,A group of 5 of us stayed here for three days to do some quick sightseeing of London . The hotel staff were some of the friendliest people I have met. Our breakfast was included in the price and there was an excellent selection of foods and staff being especially helpful.  Our rooms were clean and bathrooms had plenty of towels and accessories. The tube station was almost opposite the hotel and this made it really convenient to travel easily. There were plenty of really good Lebanese and other Arab restaurants nearby . We found the food choice excellent and very reasonably priced . I would definitely stay here again .,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just what you need in London,"The Hilton Metropole is a large bustling hotel, but once you get to your room, you wouldn't know it. They have proper king-sized beds (sometimes hard to find in London) and a lot of amenities. I have to admit, I don't spend that much time in my hotel while in London, but ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location in London,"Clean comfortable hotel, very pleasant efficient staff, close to Oxford Street and Underground. Food in the executive lounge was good, 2 children travelling with us liked the hotel. Will stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not my first choice, but it is serviceable","I've stayed at the Hilton London Metropole a few times now and while it is not my first choice, it is serviceable. I usually try to stay at the Paddington Hilton due to the location of the train station, but this is usually my second choice as I prefer Hiltons and it is the second nearest to Paddington. I find the Metropole to be too large and impersonal. The rooms themselves are nothing special, in fact the hallways are in need of a re-model with visible wear. The room was clean and good enough for a few nights. The breakfast buffet is actually quite good with a large selection, however with the amount of people in the dining area in the morning, it felt too crowded and stuffy. The location is okay. Like anywhere else in London, just find the Underground and you'll be fine.…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"As ever, a good stay!","A great place to stay if visiting Maida Vale, St John's Wood, Regent's Park, Lord's etc.  Have stayed on numerous occasions and despite the seemingly enormous size of this hotel, still manages to have personal touches and deliver good customer service.  On this occasion, the room had a defective light, which was fixed within ten minutes of a call to reception - and the welcome and beyond the call of duty work by receptionist Arianna to fine the ideal room was exceptional!",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not quite my idea of a deluxe room,"This hotel was the chosen venue for a scientific meeting of mine.  We booked a much longer stay for personal vacation.  I reserved a so-called deluxe king room.  The room was newly refurbished, clean and attractive.  The king bed was very comfortable.  However, the bathroom had only a shower, no bathtub.  Despite available floor space, there was no comfortable reading chair.  A combination desk and bench unit filled the space under the window and was too shallow front to back for comfortable seating.       In general the staff were very helpful and accommodating -- for example re when room cleaning was done.       The one cleaning problem was that other guests tended to leave room service garbage in the hallways where it stayed too long.        The breakfast buffet could…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The new managment... Bad!,I dont know whats going on w the new managment. The frnt dsk clrk very dismissive did grant or akcnowlegde my membership at all... 1st time I experience in a Hilton Property.  Hope headquaters get into this situation w the so call new nanagement... bad change! ,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the price,"Stayed here for 8 nights (conference and some vacation days). The quality of the room was below usual Hilton standards (e.g., dirty bathroom fan, AC weak, faint smell in the room from refrigerant).  Staff is nice but not always competent.  Location is great (near two tube stations).",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton stay ever,"Very questionable area, ""renovated rooms "" leave a lot to ask for. No real bathroom space more like a phone booth. Poorly run with very bad service and customer relations.  Most definitely would not recommend. Go down the road to the Hilton Paddington ",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel overall,"Third time back at the Hilton London Metropole and had an excellent stay as always. Family room was the perfect size for the four of us. Facilities and breakfast were both excellent and it's across the road from the tube.  Only sour point was a rude receptionist Eva, who was rude on check-out, first waving us to another colleague then shaking her head at us when her colleague responded that she had to check us out as we had paid a cash deposit. Very unprofessional behaviour unfortunately.  However would definitely be back as it is one of our favourite hotels in London and the rest of the staff were very welcoming. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not my ""cup of tea""","First, let me say that the staff at the hotel is very helpful and courteous.  They provided excellent recommendations for restaurants, directions and advise, and upgraded us when we had a problem with our first room.  The hotel is very large (we were told the largest in Western Europe) and modern, however, if you are going to stay choose a room on the 14th floor or above as these floors have been updated.  We did notice that even on these floors there is very little sound proofing and we heard every conversation in the hallway from inside our room.  Also, we had the bad luck of staying next to two very inconsiderate families the first at our initial room on the 12th floor and then again when we were moved to the 14th floor.  The second family was actually screaming and carrying…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good staff and hotel experience,Staff were very helpful and were very flexible in helping with our two children. The hotel is very well located for central london and the local tourist attractions. We enjoyed our walks around the area including the merchant square facilities.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Exceptional experience ,"My family is currently staying at the Hilton London Metropole and having a fantastic time.   Today my nephew celebrated his 12th birthday , the hotel team could not do enough to make him feel special.   Michael , the head chef of Fiamma restaurant and his team took the time out of their busy operation and spent some time with the birthday boy and his brother and made them young chefs for the evening ,helping them creating their own pizza , I could not describe the joy and pride of the kids once they saw their creation and tasted it.   When we finished the meal the restaurant team sang happy birthday to him and delighted him with a birthday cake.  Thank you michael , the Italian chef and  Biago the restaurant manager for making a memorable moment that he will never forget !!!!   …",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great view,"We stayed for two nights. We had a room on the 20th floor with a great view looking out towards ""The Eye"". Check-in was simple with staff being welcoming and pleasant. Our room was fine except it was a little tired (vaneer missing from the desk). The bathroom was quite small. The bed however was quite comfortable. Facilities within the hotel are very good with a range of options. Breakfast quality was very good with with a wide variety of selections. Staff were very friendly.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ideal for our London break,We stayed in a family room which was comfortable and just right for our needs. Particularly we enjoyed a swim in the pool after a long day sightseeing. Edgeware Road tube station is just across the road with Paddington station just one stop away. Huge choice of hot and cold food for breakfast and there are plenty of cafes and bars around outside the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful and we were very pleased with our choice.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big and complete but unfinished ,"The hotel strategically located in edgware circle line, it is big for a mice conference, plenty of room and lots of facilities, however some of the rooms are not yet refurbished. The east wing is the worst, it is so old and falling apart ",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"Stayed 5 nights. Smooth check in process. Newly refurbished room on the 17th floor in the Tower wing with views to the Eye and Westminster . Room clean with comfortable bed. Shower hot with good pressure. Air conditioning struggled to cope with the heatwave and staff provided a cooling fan promptly when requested. Breakfast a little limited but acceptable. All staff in the hotel from reception, customer service , bar and dining were efficient , courteous and attentive. A very enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the $$,"We booked here due to the pool, but when we arrived the rooms were incredibly small, with two twin beds. Ice maker on our floor was out of order and we needed to go 6 floors down to find one that worked. The Honors Lounge was really full of people and uncomfortable. The tube stations were convenient, but it was hard to ask where to go, since the concierge always had a large que. Our room key took 3 visits to three visits to the front desk to sort out. The hotel was not incredibly clean and when we opened the windows the air was very stinky! PS. when we used the pool, half of it was unavailable due to swimming lessons.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs improvement,"Our room upon check in had no remote control batteries, no hair dryer and not one sheet of toilet tissue.  The next day the maid did not clean the room until 6:30 P.M.  Although the location is convenient to the train, the neighborhood is not the best and the elevators were scarce and slow to respond.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff and hotel,I had a lovely stay with my family! 1199 family superior room is a beautiful and spacious room. Very friendly staff. A special thanks to the front desk; Matina and moHamadou for their hospitality. Thank you once again ,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,great hotel in a semi-central location,"I stayed at the Hilton Metropole for 10 nights, staying in both a double queen and one kind bedrooms (changed room due to family/number of guests).  Pros: -location is semi-central, with the tube station right in front of the hotel, so easy to go to the city center -family friendly, we stayed in a double queen, not very common in London -some floors are renovated, ask for a renovated room at checkin, they have been very accommodating -swimming pool, has been fun for my kid to take a break from the city and have a swim -italian restaurant, friendly and convenient, we had 5-6 dinners there, definitely worth it  Cons:  -can't think about many cons, other than the neighborhood is not that alive in terms of night life, but the tube station is right in front -hotel is big, it may be…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Crappy stay,Spent one night at the Hilton Metropole. The rooms are really really small. Everything feels cramped. Hotel is way too overpriced for what it is. Terrible gym as well. The only thing good about the hotel is the location. Some really yummy middle eastern food nearby. I Would not recommend this hotel.  ,Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
1757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location near Paddington station,"a few blocks from Paddington station. Across street from smaller Marks and Spencer store. Very busy large hotel..easy to move around in room,, A.C .Big window, very quiet...a lot of light on high floor. Great breakfast. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,wouldn't recommend it.,I stayed at this hotel because it was the location of the conference I was attending.  I thought the Hilton name gave it somewhat of a guarantee...but I was wrong.  My room was on the 17th floor-and was the most oddly shaped room I've ever been in.  I was at the very end of the hall in a very narrow space-room service had a horrible time trying to get in while holding the door and balancing a tray.  The bed was like sleeping on a concrete slab.  They apparently don't include face cloths as a part of regular service-I left a tip for the maid and a note to please leave me wash cloths with no success (she took the tip though!) I had to call and have wash cloths delivered.  The hotel was extremely uncomfortable in all areas from ballrooms to sleeping rooms- without proper A/C.  I…,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible hotel,"Not very nice hotel, not in a good location in the city.  Service was okay.  The Executive Lounge was so shabby that I visited once upon arrival and never returned - even though I had paid for an upgrade to Executive Level.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel that manages to feel homely,"This is a very well positioned Hilton, short walk to Paddington station and, in the other direction, Marble Arch They look after their hhonors members - Shadii is the lounge manager and runs a tight ship - enjoy the evening drinks and snacks there Go for one of the East Wing Executive rooms, but best with high floor as right beside Police station and some noise at nights down low The main block is not attractive, avoid if possible There are two tube stations, turn left out of hotel for Bakerloo and go straight across the road beside M&S for Circle, District and Hammersmith lines",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staff and hotel need improvement,"Unfortunately, this is the worst Hilton I've ever stayed at. Everything seemed to go wrong from reservation errors, poor check in, a dingy room with a leaky roof, and worst of all, rude staff who didn't seem to be empowered to make their own decisions.  I am an easy going person (really!) so I was very surprised at how I was treated and how the hotel worked.  This is not what a Hilton in an international city is normally like.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business stay,"I have stayed at this hotel many times whilst in London. It is a large Hilton (1000 rooms), near Paddington/MArylebone and next to the Tube. It has a couple of bars, exec lounge, pool and gym.  Service is good, check in can be slow.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This hotel looks like an airport - Always buzzing with many many travelers from all over the world,"The location is very good. Walking distance is the Hyde Park - takes one about 10-15 minutes walk.  If you walk google map told me it will take 40 minutes for me to reach the Buckingham Palace. Essentially in the heart of the London city. Room - very basic, and small, actually this is one of the smallest rooms I have ever stayed. Finding a floor space for Opening the two flaps of a suitcase is a challenge.  Bed, Very soft, so I had troubled sleep and pain in my body as I woke up in the morning - this is not in line with other Hilton Hotels I previously stayed in (is US). But overall very clean, hot water in the bath room all right.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Basic.,The lobby was impressive and the staff were helpful but the room was very basic with clean bedding. The carpets would benefit from a deep clean ! Did not take dinner here but was disappointed with the breakfast. Generally overcooked. Oatmeal very runny. Coffee weak.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,They have updated this old behemoth,"I was here for a conference and stayed 4 nights - it is nice to see that they have modernized this ugly cement beast. The lobby and bar areas are now rather light and bright. I had an oversized room with a king-sized bed that was very comfortable and a very large, updated bathroom. the only downside to my room that it was on the Edgeware Road side of the building and therefore there was lots of street noise. The location for access to the wealth of Middle Eastern restaurants nearby is ideal and M&S is just across the road.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fair Hotel,Nice lobby and easy to check in.  Asked for a newer room and not sure whether we got one or not.  It certainly did not seem new or recently renovated.  Good size and comfortable room but service was spotty.  Had to request wash towels on several occasions as housekeeping did not resupply.  Maybe wash towels are not used routinely in UK.  Air conditioning unit was noisy.  Smell of smoking permeated the hallways.    Close to Paddington Station (5-7 minutes walk) which was very nice as Heathrow Express access is from that station.  Edgware Road tube station was across the street.  Otherwise not that close to main tourist attractions.  Not a problem for us but could be for those who want to be in the center of the activities.  Breakfast buffet was reasonable.  Service in the…,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Won't stay at a Hilton again,It is  run down. Another problem it has the worst door locks in the world. Also the breakfast service is is very slow.  Later on it is in very tipical  London neighborhood  Last Diego the concierge rocks.,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It needs a general manager to lead ,I have been staying at this hotel many times over the years and most of the staff are welcoming but what is missing is gm that knows how to manage and stops the excuses and starts to manage  Some of the rooms are not only dated but are dirty so if u stay don't let them give u they are refurbishing as an excuse as clean rooms is a basic  I have had a few excuses from them of late these are just a few  The staff on the reception said the general manager does not speak to guests and when I asked why not they said they had no idea either  The communications manager told me if I wanted a clean room I should upgrade and when I told her what a silly and stupid comment she got aggressive  The staff on the customer service desk never really respond as they don't know what to say but in…,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible stay,"I stayed at many hilton hotels so far, this was the worst. Apart from unfruedly front desk and restaurant staff, the amenities in the room were poor, the rooms had leaking water during a storm, many collegues had to change their room during their stay...  ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,very small sized hotel rooms,"Only Deluxe category and above is refurbished. Unrefurbished room is completely unacceptable. Deluxe room is very small. Bathroom is very small. Barthroom has no makeup mirror. Poor air conditioning: bathroom walls become allover wet when you shower. Towels hang over toilet paper rolls, because of lack of space.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice staff,Had to stopover one night in london just want to compliment your staff on being so polite and helpful. The breakfast was lovely and just a  thank you because nothing was too much effort for them. They double checked things for us and made us feel very comfortable room was clean ,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big hotel big rooms mediocre service ,"This is quite a big hotel and the rooms are large but the service is quite mediocre.   If you care much about space and a big lobby then go for it. Otherwise, if service, attention from guest service and the like are important for you then consider another hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Booked room was not available,I had booked two rooms with a connecting door far in advance. When I arrived they were not avaiable and I was explained that such a booking cannot be guaranteed. Why should I book in advance if my booking cannot be guaranteed. In my opinion this does not suit a Hotel chain like Hilton.,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Price quality mismatch,"Old hotel, i didnt get the room that i checked into on my Hilton honors app. A lot of shortcomings in the room. Needs a redo. I left my laptop charger in the room and calles after check out and they could not find iT. Gym was to busy! ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just awful... dilapidated guest rooms,"I attended a conference held at The Hilton London Metropole and was quite astonished at the general condition of the guest rooms at this property. While the public spaces were generally clean, bright and functional, I can say without reservation that the guest rooms were the worst I've ever encountered in all of my professional travels let alone in association with the Hilton brand. To say that the rooms were in need of a ""refresh"" would be generous at best. Our room had what appeared to be at least 20 year old furnishing and fixtures that were in very poor condition, stains on the carpet, and a general feel of filth. In addition, the condition of the hallways on the guest floors was equally appalling. Our experience is by no means unique and a number of my colleagues who…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good,"Excellent location everything is walk distance, shops , resturant, cafe, underground and bus stop. Good service and friendly staff. Breakfast was excellent Variety of dishes  There is no hair dryer in room and no sleeper",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It's Falling Apart,"Smelled of cigarette smoke and urine, exceptionally tiny, faucet and shower heads were coming apart in our hands as they were being used. We weren't told about breakfast until the last day because I had used my Hilton Honors membership points the first night.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Three day congress,Excellent facilities all round! Comfortable lecture halls. Good catering and service. Great location for the event as well as allowing a little tourist activity. Did not access the rooms so cannot comment on that aspect.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too big to function!,"I have stayed here several times and each time, I want to be impressed but sadly, I never am. The public areas such as the bar and restaurant are modern, clean, stylish and well furnished so first impressions are good. However, being the largest hotel in London, it does not have the resources and facilities to cope with so many guests. There is almost always a queue and a delay when checking in as there are not enough staff and check in desks to service so many arrivals. The restaurants are always packed and noisy. Breakfast is a particular problem, often with a long line of people along the corridor, waiting to be seated.  The rooms are hit and miss. Some have been recently refurbished and are actually nice and modern, whilst others are in dire need of decoration and new…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Reasonable but not Particularly Good,"I stayed at this hotel one night during transit thru London on a business trip.  The lobby has plenty of lounge space, shops, and restaurants.  The front desk staff were very friendly and efficient.  I had a room in the tower wing which was surprisingly small.  It was close to the elevator and a bit noisy when folks got off but not to bad.  The furniture was pretty plain and starting to be a bit shabby (it felt like it might be of a 1990’s vintage.  But it was all functional and comfortable.  There were 2 twin beds, a work desk with chair, a refrigerator/minibar, and a good size flat screen tv.  On the desk was a tea kettle and work lamp which was one of the only 2 light sources in the room I could identify (the other being the two wall mounted bed lamps).  Overall the room was…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,At your service comes through,"Hotel was out of refrigerators and Ameeta at your service solved the problem for me by having them pick up my food, stored it in their fridge and delivered it to me the next morning.  Way to take ownership of a problem that was not hers... Awesome service.....Sincerely, Tim Tice",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great sized room, close to multiple trains","Good location for taking trains to/from airport (from Paddington), or tube/subway (from Edgware Road) to other parts of London.  Hotel rooms were large compared to other hotels in area, which worked well for our family of 4.  Was in the older tower - West.  Pool located in the East/newer tower.  Very large facility.  Marks & Spencer right across the street so you can get some food for breakfast to keep costs down.  Watch out if you take out the items from the fridge in the room -- even if you call to tell them you are taking it out and will replace when leaving it may show up on your bill (and did for us - one department not talking to the other department - but they fixed it up).  Call in advance (or when you book the hotel) before removing and have them remove it for you so…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room poor state of decor and smelly,Picked this hotel as room looked great on Internet.  Actial room was nothing like the images.  We booked a king room and this was tiny compared to other Hilton we frequently stay at.  The first room was mouldy and there was a very stale smell.  Initially we were told to open the window!  Agreed to move us to room along the corridor still smelt a little and bathroom mouldy but by this time were just tired of complaining and moving.  Highlight was good breakfast.  Compared to other great Hilton screen have stayed in this was appalling.,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole – the good and the bad,"Our family of 5 (2 adults, 3 older kids) stayed in a family superior room on the 14th floor (top floor of the West Wing).  The hotel consists of the Tower Wing, the West Wing and the East Wing.  There were conferences in the hotel (our wing) every day of our stay, but they didn’t affect our visit.   We took both the Tower Elevators (for the Sky 23 restaurant) and the East Wing elevators (for the pool); the West Wings elevators for our room seemed much less crowded and much quicker. Dinner and drinks in the hotel were very good.  Lots of choices for even the pickiest eaters.  Breakfast was not up to par for a Hilton.  If you want a fresh omelet or a smoothie – ask for it.  Unless you get a server who tells you, which unfortunately we didn’t until the last day of our 7-day stay,…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,By far the worst Hilton hotel,This is certainly by far the worst Hilton hotel I have ever stayed at.i had to change rooms 3 times as the rooms stink of cigarettes and also a damp smell. The concierge lost my luggage only to realise that they left it in somebody else's room 1.5 hours later. Great location but horrible hotel. 0 out of 10 from me.,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Small rooms but good hotel,"The room price definitely includes the hilton mark up.  The rooms are good. Have a coffee & ironing machine!  Bathroom is luxurious and if you are in the tower wing on a high floor the views of London are excellent.  But as a typical tourist the rooms are small for the amount of money.  The hotel as off course all amenities you expect from a Hilton.  Shops, multiple restaurants, etc,    Location wise you are just outside the center of the City but really close to all main sites. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not upto Hilton Standards ,"Hotel location is great close to underground train and shops very convenient to go around. Hotel check in process was easy n friendly staff. Hotel rooms was big disappointment, small rooms can't believe they ended before entering the room. Carpet was too dirty and you can see the big stains all over the carpet, bathroom is worst way too small and stains all over the place, everything is almost coming off the wall.  Don't know how big flying bee was in the room. AC is on max and still feel nothing. Hotel room gives feeling of cheap motel room. Talked to staff and they answered with very common excuse sorry we r sold out. Anyway I didn't extended my stay at this hotel, moving to another Hilton property. Overall I'm disappointed with this hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge disappointment ,"I have been a Hilton Diamond member for 12 straight years now and I can say, without reservation that this hotel is the worst Hilton property I have ever stayed in. From a non smoking room that stank of smoke and the chemicals used to clean it to a toilet that did not flush, a shower that took an age to drain this place was s huge let down. The staff all appear to be young folks doing rotations from other countries and they universally do not care (exception is the concierge desk). The beds and furniture in our room looked like it came from an IKEA dent and scratch garage sale. Next time I am in London I will sleep under a bridge before staying here - positive note is the hotel is very close to a tube station and a short walk to Paddington station. Both of which will get you as…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A great location to stay in London,"We chose this hotel for its location and were not disappointed.  We stepped off the Heathrow express and after a 10 minute walk were checking into our hotel.  We booked a family room, which meant two queen beds and a pull out for five people. It was a cosy fit, but we had worse on our trip. The hotel was modern and the room facilities were good. All the hotel staff were friendly and very helpful. The breakfast was generous. It is close to Edgeware Rd tube and also Paddington Station.  There is also a big bus, hop on hop off stop nearby as well which was great for siteseeing. Highly recommended!",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The tower? ,"So stayed here last night, what a massive hotel, very impressive, great choice of restaurants and bars, was told I couldn't use my hilton rewards card at the checking desk as the booking was in my partners name and not mine (really hilton this isn't right surly). So the room, wow this has to be the worst hilton I've ever stayed in.  (And I do stay in a lot of different hilton hotels in the uk)  The room was in the tower. This I feel must be the original hotel and over the years they have built the east and west wings.  A king double.  The room smelt old, like it had been smoked in at some point, the bathroom was old and the shower fitting on the wall broken so had to be held to shower.  Didn't feel like a hilton at all.  Felt like a travel lodge.  On a positive note had room…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location 2 minutes from the underground,The location is fantastic as it is a walking distance from the EDGEWARE ROAD underground station and a short walk also from Padington (where you may take the EXPRESS train to the airport every 15 minutes). The hotel is clean and the rooms are relatively nice for LONDON.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lovely, well situated hotel experience spoiled by a very shabby room!","Whilst this is a lovely and well situated hotel we were allocated a very shabby, tired room (2002), which spoiled our celebration more than a little. Be sure to state that you want a modern room!  That said, the staff were excellent and the breakfasts excellent.   10 minutes walk from Paddington Station and Hyde Park.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London visit for Canada 150 Anniversary,The hotel is very convenient for the tube and getting around London. Beautiful large room with two queen beds and a double sofa bed. Travelled with my husband and three children. Excellent service from all hotel staff. The breakfast was the best we have experienced in any hotel for either business or leisure. The children loved the pool. We ate in the hotel restaurant and the food and service was great. Would recommend the hotel for business or for a short break. Hyde park is a short walk away if you do not want to get on the tube. It is not a cheap hotel so book early to get cheaper deals.,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient location and great breakfast,"We were there for first time.It was really easy to catch train from airport to this hotel. The room was clean, bed and pillow were so comfortable and breakfast was fantastic. Hotel staff are so friendly and helpful too.  Edgware Road Station is near by so it was really convenient get around by tube.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best breakfast buffet,"I stayed at this hotel while on an escorted bus trip. This is a huge hotel and very busy!  However, my room was great and quite. Enjoyed the breakfast buffet each morning. The staff was very friendly and work hard to make sure your visit is perfect. ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Conveniently located hotel, apparently with service problems","Stayed at the Hilton Metropole in London just for one night, but experienced issues unusual for Hilton.  I have stayed at may different Hilton hotels over the years, am a status level holder, and made the reservation using the HHonors App. I always request the room for me to be provided ""feather-free"". Upon arrival at the hotel around 5:00pm (2 hours after the regular check-in time) it turned out that the hotel had my request in the reservation, but no room was prepared accordingly. We were asked to wait for 15 minutes to let that happen and received a voucher for two free drinks as a compensation. So far, so good. When we came to the room after our wait, the room was NOT changed to feather-free, the pillows were advertised as 100% duck downs and feathers. Back at the reception,…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,Large and busy hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful. Family rooms are very comfortable.  Good breakfast but be prepared for a long queue. Location is very good and close to public transport and Paddington station.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, friendly staff, however a dated and tired building","I like staying  in this area, close to Paddington and the Heathrow express.   You can grab the underground to anywhere you want to go in London plus this area is less costly than further South.   I would also like to complement the friendly staff.  However, overall I would not stay here again.  It is a very big place with 3 separate ""wings"" and a huge lobby with tons of people.   We were in the tower wing and it was a lot older than what I was expecting based on the exterior photos of the hotel (which were of a different wing.)  The room needed some updates.   It was also very hot in our room at night.   The weather was fine (72F during the day 60F at night) but yet the room was hot and no air movement at all.  The very old looking metal knob to control temperature really didn't…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Seen better days...,"Hadn't stayed there for years. Hotel is huge. Close to tube station. There was a long queue at check-in even though there were plenty of staff. Rooms are impersonal, mine faced a wall - but at least it was quiet. I had to take a twin room as the only other option was a smoking room (didn't know these still existed)- lady at check-in offered drinks (didn't want any, just a big bed) and access to executive lounge to compensate. Executive lounge was crowded so had breakfast downstairs in main restaurant - long queue that cleared quickly. Breakfast wasn't as good as other Hilton. Place was like a beehive full of people. Lots of staff to try and keep the place tidy - but it's hard with that sort of numbers. I stayed at Hilton Islington the night after - for the same price it is a…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business type hotel,"Well located on Edgeware Road and 1 minute from tube station. Busy with tourists and Business people, but reception checkin was quick and were given an upgrade to executive lounge access. Family Room was a bit cramped but adequate. Breakfast was a bit chaotic, but overalll good value for money",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge disappointment ,"I was open to transitioning to the Hilton brand for my uk visits on business for me and my team   Sadly this was one of the worst Hilton or any hotel experiences I've ever experienced.     I'll gladly go into detail.   Upon arrival  Men standing around (with Hilton badges on) watching my wife and I haul our own luggage Out of the taxi and into the reception without even a ""welcome, hello, or anything""  Check in was nice and quick with pleasant people, but the good stopped at the lobby  Please note the lobby was nice and cool so my expectations from other trip advisors reviews were looking up.... until we went upstairs   Looks like Hilton spent some time and effort on making the lobby area nice,  but the hallways and rooms are not worthy of the Hilton  brand name  As the trip…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Filthy and unkept old room -See pics,"Upon our arrival at the Hilton Metropole in London we were very excited to hear that they actually had an executive lounge. However when we went inside the club lounge it was completely not stocked and unkept. There was exceptional air conditioning downstairs however on the second floor where the swimming pool was it smelled like caustic chlorine fumes and was hot and humid. Both of us were extremely nauseous, furthermore the hotel is nestled in the heart of a very bad neighborhood with people begging, laying on the sidewalks and smoking hookah everywhere on the street.   After attempting to walk and find food which was scarce near the hotel, we went back to the room only to find that the air condition would not work well. The air condition had a boost switch- it was that…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay ....Superb ambience,"Hiliton London Metropole is an excellent  hotel which is  centrally  located  in  London.  It is one of  the  largest  hotel  in Europe. Rooms are spacious. Lobby is very big and beautiful. Breakfast buffet was very delicious  and it was a large spread.Staff of the hotel was very good,polite and courteous. As it was centrally located, so all the means of transport  were easily available. Even for doing shopping ,everything was near by.One special attraction was the view from the 23rd floor.Overall,I would rate this hotel excellent. Thanks and Regards,  Utkarsh Bohra  ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful,My wife booked this hotel for myself and a friend.  She told reservations to note who would be staying in the room. They did not.  I was not allowed into the room until my wife rang to confirm who would be staying in the room.  She was not contactable for hours so it was very inconvenient.  This was not our first time at this hotel but it is definitely the last. I asked reception to look at our other booking but she refused.  It was their error not putting the names on the booking.  Breakfast - cold and disgusting. On day two a nice lady did get a chef to cook something which was hot.     Dinner was included but we did not chance eating it.  Went elsewhere.   Next ,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location for site seeing ,"We had a wonderful time, the hotel provided a great accommodations and a good place to relax after a busy day seeing the city.  Great drinks and the staff was very helpful getting us dinner and show reservations. Rooms where nice (cool) and quite   ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Heat Wave Hits London!,"My family booked a deluxe family suite for our first trip to London at the Hilton Metrolpole.  We booked with Hilton because of their reputation and past experiences in multiple cities.  Unfortunately, a very unusually heat wave hit London the day we arrived.  The entire wing with the Family Suites had no AC.  We were very lucky to be moved to a wing with AC to two standard rooms very late that evening, many others were not so lucky.  Through it all, the entire hotel staff did all they could to make the situation as comfortable as possible, such as complimentary bottled water and beverages at the bar.    Special shout out to Otman, Cosman, Madjid, and excellent gentleman from Northern Italy, our doormen, concierges, and Hosts!  They were extremely professional, knowledgeable,…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"Stayed for a business trip, Hôtel is in walking distance to Paddington station and tube station across the road. Staff very helpful. Rooms have very recently been modernised and very comfortable. Only disappointment is that they have decided to charge for omelettes and waffles at breakfast, which used to be part of the breakfast service.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Functional,"Needed a convenient room for first two days at lords test match. Struggled to find accommodation and paid a premium for an executive room with a view across Edgware Road. Noisy and rather cramped. Would have struggled to find space for clothes if staying much longer. The bathroom was and would have been better proportioned with shower OR bath, but not both. Kettle and ironing board in room.  Most useful asset was access to executive room on second floor although this was busy for breakfast and evening snacks - although these are hardly fine dining.  It is a large conference style hotel with a lobby full of people, bars, shops, cafe and restaurant. Not a very welcoming or 'comfortable hotel' but fine for an expensive bed and breakfast.  ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,So disappointing,"Spent four nights here for a work event so in essence I didn't pay, work did. Nonetheless I felt if I was short changed. Don't expect a ""Hilton"" quality or service. This hotel is on a corner of a busy street which is hell if you're in an adjacent room. 1st room in the east wing fourth floor was awful. Very tired, cheap mattress, and facing the main road. It was a noisy and uncomfortable night. I asked to change rooms and was told I wound need to pack and bring my belongings to reception. They could have moved this for me!! Second room was a newer styled room but the cost saving was still apparent. Cheap mattress, cracked sink, holes in the wall and no hair dryer. This is not a high quality Hilton. Lesser prestigious hotels are providing better service with a higher quality. ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fall from grace,"I have not stayed in this hotel since 2010. I have always stayed at Executive Floor.   This time, spent 2 nights at same executive floor. I was shocked when I entered room ""is this a Hilton executive floor room"" marks on the wall, cupboards in bad shape; the toilet does not flush properly, toilet paper is hard.   The rooms have not been renovated in almost 15years. The AC is not working properly.  I paid more than what I got. ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent quality and service,"We stayed here with our 16 and 11 year old children. The quality of the hotel and the service from staff was excellent. I am a Hilton Honours member and we were able to get a good rate for a high quality city hotel with breakfast and free internet included. The location was great right next to the underground central line. We had no issues at all and the staff were more than willing to provide advice and guidance. When we got to our rooms we had chocolate that we put in the fridge and so it fit we took out the mini bar drinks which automatically incurs a cost, when I explained to reception what happened we all laughed together and they fixed it up straight away. Thank you for a great stay. ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Impersonal, terrible service","Hotel is very large; aimed at conferences, I suspect. No member of staff (except the lady in the convenience store) provided any level of personal service, all very robotic. Room was ok. Close to Bakerloo line, walking distance to Paddington.",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Stay FAR away. Poor service, tired (updated) room.","This was planned as a one-night, stress-free stay at the Hilton London Metropole as a respite before the overseas flight the next day. Based on my last visit, I made the mistake by staying here a second time. It was anything, but stress-free. It mirrors my last stay at this same location. Baseline services and expectations are seriously lacking. Consequently, this is not a place that would ever suit my purposes. I like the location of the hotel, but the hotel itself is awful.  Check-in: I was originally given a room on the 6th floor of what they call the West Wing. Like my prior visit, it was 1530 hr when I checked in and no rooms were available on a higher floor. I did a conversational dance with Narel (Reception Manager) and like all Hilton hotels in London and their…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Room dated, old , bathroom very very small and extremely old !",The room I got was very old and dated . What I disliked the most was the bathroom. Other colleagues got some refurbished rooms for the same price and much much better and with a view of the city ! Really unfair ,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
1815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay away,We spent two nights in the Metropole. The rooms were hot but clean. The concierge was great but the rest of the hotel staff was rude.  Don't try checking in before 3 even if you are a rewards member. I was told the system won't allow it.  The neighborhood was a bit seedy after dark so plan accordingly.  Disappointing for a Hilton,Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Areas of improvement,"Don't usually write reviews but find it necessary to highlight the following to management. Currently staying at the Hilton Metropole-rooms are comfortable and hotel location is great. Service levels are as expected as well.   HOWEVER, the breakfast needs serious improvement-how do you charge for bed and breakfast on a room reservation but then still charge guests additional amounts if they request a specific omelette or a waffle at breakfast!? Cheeky in my opinion and disappointing for a Hilton not to have a live egg and waffle station at breakfast.  Other than the above, you should consider providing all rooms with complimentary bottled water on a daily basis as does most hotels throughout the world. This is the first Hilton to disappoint on basics...",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disaster of a hotel,"I don't understand how this hotel is still a Hilton. I changed rooms 5 times between rooms with no AC in 90F weather, to rooms in what seemed like a dungeon with rock hard mattresses. I kid you not, I have not felt a mattress that hard in my lifetime. The staff is rude and does not care about your experience. The ""renovated"" section was probably renovated 20 years ago. Only until I told them I had it and was switching to another hotel did I actually get a manager come to try to offer to fix the situation. Too little too late! And a diamond member at that.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice modern hotel with easy access to London,"New, clean property in a good location.  The Underground station is right on the same corner, making it just a 15 minute direct ride to central London.  Nearby Paddington is charming with shops and restaraunts, and excellent rail service including the Heathrow express.  A nice swimming pool on 4th floor, and three (over priced) restaraunt choices.  Staff was friendly though inconsistently knowledgeable when asking for recommendations or help with things.  Managers were superb in helping when needed.  ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"We booked an Executive Room and were very pleased with it. We talked to other guests who were having problems with their rooms i.e. no water pressure, in-op air conditioner, poor mattresses, etc. Based on that, I recommend booking an Executive room in the refurbished tower. The personnel in the Executive Lounge were great. Daniels, who checked us in at the front desk, is one of the best Hilton employees I have encountered in 20 plus years of being Hilton Honors. Well done Daniels! We found it interesting that the 23rd restaurant, on top of the other tower, did not allow charges to the rooms. Apparently, it is a separate entity with rather high prices. The whiskey bar is worth a visit.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, bad room","Great location for access by tube from Edgware Road. Nice check in but had to ask for details of the executive lounge. Didn't use pool but looked great. Room was executive king room on 9th floor, 4 lifts meant no waiting. Our problem was that whilst we checked in in the day and unpacked we then left and didn't return til after 12 which is when we discovered the windows would not close, Edgware Road is a main thoroughfare and therefore very noisy police ambulance fire etc. While we did report this the next morning we were told we should have reported that night and maybe move rooms, who want to pack up and move rooms at one in the morning, not me so while I did like this hotel we do feel let down ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Value for Family,"I picked this hotel for our family vacation in London because it had rooms with two queen beds. I found that most hotels that have rooms that fit 4 have 2 Double beds (not queens).  Additionally, my kids won't sleep on a sofa bed.  So, that made this hotel a good fit and cheaper than getting two rooms somewhere else. It also has a pool which one of my kids really wanted (and which we did actually use once).  Before I continue my review, I should say that I am American so some of my hotel views may be different from those of a European. We were in the west wing of the hotel.  The room was clean but pretty plain. There was only one piece of art on the walls and furniture was simple and cheap.  I did appreciate the two large closets with a shelf - we were able to put all the…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great view of the city,"We stayed for one night, we were flying out from Heathrow the next day.  Great location and near Paddington station, which is so easy if you are catching the Heathrow express.  Our room was very comfortable and the view over London was amazing. Our  boys used the pool, which is small but a nice way to relax after a long day sight seeing in London.   Staff very friendly and helpful. We would stay again. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,five nights in London,"As Diamond member of Hilton, I feel extremely disappointed for staying at this hotel. On the day we arrived, we were put at the lower level of the old wing which carries small tiny rooms and can hardly move our suitcases inside the rooms. Most staff are not willing to help and I have fought to move to better room for almost 45 minutes. Finally, only one staff who named Martina was willing to help and we can move to better rooms on the next day.  Other than that, I can hardly find staff with smile or willing to help the guests in this hotel !  ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel of two halfs,"If you get a refurbished room, this hotel is good, in a very good location.  If you don't get a refurbished room, then it is very poor.  The poor rooms have no working A/C and are very dated, some with views of a wall.  The staff are generally very good, but beware the usual busy times, unless you have time to stand around.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Book cheaper hotel as you'll get the same standard,"My advice is to book a hotel that costs half the price as you will get the same standard. This hotel is definitely NOT worth the room rates they charge. Where can I start.... (We stayed in the East wing, cannot rate the other wing):  1. East Wing lifts dont really work, especially in the morning: waited 10 minutes then got stuck, then the doors wouldn't open when we reached the floor, when we finally managed to exit the lift there was no stairs alternative only the fire escape which lead into the backroom of the hotel bar, when reporting the problems with the lifts we were told they work fine and only busy due to many people going to breakfast. 2. No water pressure in the shower 3. Both shower and sink taps gave either boiling hot water or cold, no in-between. 4. The room was…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Plusses and Minuses,"Our first room was very, very small, despite having a king sized bed.  The staff changed our room, probably because of our membership in the Hilton Club.  The Executive Lounge breakfast and snack offerings (6-8pm) were adequate but nothing special.  The hotel itself has 3 different sets of elevators in different parts of the building, and which you take depends on your room's location.  On a very positive note, the staff was incredibly accommodating.  The Concierge staff was exceptional.  Also, the location was perfect for us - easy access to 3 different underground lines and many bus choices.  It is away from Oxford Circus and Trafalgar Square, hence quieter.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really nice,"I stayed here with some friends we found it a really nice clean hotel, located close to the tube for traveling for the day, the room was big bright and clean, the staff were all very polite and friendly and overall it was a lovely hotel to stay in.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Impressed ,We were impressed with this hotel. When first walking from Paddington from off the Heathrow Express to the hotel we were a bit worried with the area. After are short stay we have no complaints. We booked a family suite which had two queen beds and a sofa as well as a nice arm chair. Plenty of space for a family of 4 adults. 2 minute walk to Edgeware Road Station. Pret across the street. Would stay here again. ,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst Hilton ever,"The room was falling apart. It was too old, too dirty and the bathtub was full of rust. There were no sockets next to the bed. This was quite inconvenient.  The view from the room was awful. The window was right next to the air conditioning units with huge pipes. ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor value equation,"Service good, lobby and bar area new and clean, good service in restaurants and good quality food . Rooms very outdated and dirty the furniture in bad shape and the stained carpet. You will an apology  if you report this but nothing else!  The hotel needs to work on the vale equation.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton we have ever stayed,Where do I start. We have been Hilton Honors members for over 15 years and we travel as a family 2-3 times a year and always stay with Hilton. This should not hold the name of Hilton. Check in after a long flight was horrible. We were staying 11 nights in this hotel and they denied our credit card. We called the company and they told us there were no holds on our account t it was Hilton. We were sent on a trek to the farest tower. We had reserved the family room so our teenaged boys would not have to share a double bed. The sofa bed was broken. We were so tired we decided to wait until morning to talk to someone. Went to shower and the handheld shower fell off in my hands. Gave up and decided to just go to sleep. The mattress was on a piece of plywood not a box spring. There…,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay at Hilton Mwtropole Edgeware Rd,Very Disappointed stay except for central location the rooms with cigarette smell . Double tree brand much better for the money.The new wings which have been renovated specially West wing hallways carpet dirty,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great business hotel. ,"Easy transport to the hotel, large meeting / conference rooms. The rooms are standard, the food is good. The service is great and the staff are very professional and friendly. I would definitely consider it when organising a conference in London! We had a good stay. ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good stay purely due to timely intervention of Mr Sergio Ottieri ,"I checked into the hotel on 13th June with my family. I was given 2 rooms small in size & horrible view. Fortunately I approached Mr Sergio Ottieri, Guest Relations manager, who was kind enough to assure me of change of rooms the next day. Next day Mr Ottieri gave us two beautiful rooms in a different tower. The rooms were well located and comfortable. Being a member of HHonors I was expecting more. I appreciate the professional attitude of Mr Sergio Ottieri. ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,BEWARE - they charge £5 for ice!!!!!,On this visit we actually found the staff very unhelpful.  We needed ice in our room due to the heatwave and the fact that the air con was not working efficiently in our room. We pressed the magic 'make it right' button on our phone to enquire where our nearest ice machine was and was told either the 11th or 17th floor.  Both these machines were out of order.  We went back to our room and pressed the magic button to (1) give them this feedback and (2) ask for ice to be delivered to our room.  They informed us that if we had ice delivered it would cost us £5!!  Just who in this organisation could possibly think that charging £5 to have ice delivered is acceptable?  We went to the Hilton Honors members priority desk the following morning to give this feedback and the man there was…,Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lobby Lovely... shame about the rooms!,"Stayed here for 1 night as a Hilton Honors Diamond member and checked in online the day before.  Arrived and the agent attempted to 'upgrade' me.  When we got to the room found the King room reserved had gone and a room with 2 doubles instead.  The room was probably a bit bigger but the beds much smaller.  Barely a double bed let along a queen!  It was also at the far tower at the hotel so quite the walk!  Spoke to the Exec lounge and they allocated a king room in the middle tower!  Got to the room, suitcases etc and found actually it is about the worst attempt to make a King bed out of 2 twin beds ever, there was no attempt to put anything over the join and you had a very firm spine going down the middle of the beds.  Sometimes twins joined as a King can work, for the hotel to…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible - Worst Hotel in London,"From the lack of air conditioning to overcrowded restaurants, this place will truly ruin your visit to London. Concierge and hotel management were beyond ineffective not to mention the unsafe neighborhood it's in. My family and I were there in vacation and this hotel exceeded our worst possible imagination. No words can describe how terrible it is. Never go here unless you want to have the worst vacation of your life. Stay away",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,"Stayed from 24th to 26th June - having stayed in many, many hotels over the years found this to be one of the best - especially the service, pleasantness and helpfulness  of the staff they couldn't do enough - particularly Adriana.   Great location and rooms spotless.  Would highly recommend this Hotel and would absolutely return.  Stayed  in room 1803 which had fantastic views of London Eye etc.  Rose Clark",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"My wife and I visited London for the first time and decide to take a tour of the country.  We stayed at this wonderful hotel.  We were greeted by a door greeter and checked in with a smile.  The hosted put us in a lovely room with a great view of the city.  The company the hosted the tour greeted  us downstairs and sent us on a wonderful tour, Thank you.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Non working air conditioning in the whole wing for days in 85 degree heat,"I don't know if they turned it off or it was broke in the west wing. It was miserable for days there. Sleeping etc.. The staff tried to help but was not able to change our room to one with working air. They wouldn't let us move to (2) rooms (we had paid for family deluxe room & paid €1700.00 $1500 USD to suffer) They should've moved us at THEIR expense in the wing where the air was working. They dropped the ball with taking responsibility and ""Making it Right"" ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sky bar..... well the 'owner' has his head in the clouds ,Staying at the hotel I took my team for a post dinner drink in the bar on floor 23.  At the end of the night I came to pay the bill but despite being given a bill requesting room details etc I was told it has to be paid by card or cash.... due to technical issues.  I suggested that was his problem and again confirmed I would charge to my room.  At this point the manager or whoever he was started shouting and demanded I pay.  On requesting the hotel manager I was told to 'go downstairs and see him'.  My team was even presented with the bill.  I was then physically abused and shoved and shouted at an inch from my face which was disgusting as I was spat at.  He claims I pushed him first but I have many witnesses who would contest this together with cctv from the bar which proves he…,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Very conveniently located hotel.,"Good location, comfortable rooms and very good amenities. Several restaurants within the hotel and an impressive shopping arcade. If you like experimenting with different cuisines, this is the place to stay at. Just walk out and you will find many different places to eat.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Value not quality,"I would not recommend this property.  We had several issues and they were not satisfactorily resolved: Concierge, air conditioning, transportation from the airport. Also they wouldn't let my teenager use the gym or my kids use the pool with parental supervision even though they are 12+ and we didn't bring swimsuits.  ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid,"I travel for work and therefore stay in a lot of hotels - take it from me, this is just the worst.  Shabby, overcrowded and most importantly poorly managed.  Queue to check in, long wait for tower lifts, was given the wrong room so back down. They were full so stayed in the wrong room until the following night when I was moved to an 'upgraded' king. Just as shabby however better lifts in the East wing. Card didn't work so back down again. Realised the hairdryer was missing so called down to reception. An hour and several phonecalls later I was still being assured it was on its way, no apologies.  For a hilton I found the service to be especially poor.  Breakfast was nice.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Adequate,"A plethora of Halal eateries and ethnic shops surround this busy hotel, which lacks the sleek design of a typical full-service Hilton in the US but is rather a couple steps above an inn or a b&b. Our room with 2 queen beds was quiet, clean, larger than expected, bathroom has lots of space for makeup, toiletries, etc. Beds very firm, making it a little less comfy to sleep on your back imo. Gave it 5 stars because it meets our needs, we've had no problems, and it's unrealistic to expect high end design in London for the price. This hotel is not near the city center and looks closer to attractions on the map than it really is. We ubered to everything, and it often took 30-60 mins due to traffic. About 15-20 mins sans traffic, but that's rare. The Edg cafe in this hotel has…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, good location","Very good hotel just on the outskirts of central London. Right across the road from a tube station so very easy to get into the centre of town. Massive sized rooms, excellent breakfasts and a decent (for London) price.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Modern Central Hotel.....,"Once again another Fantastic Stay at the Hilton Metropole...  For me it's my second home...  Staff are simply amazing, nothing is too much bother or trouble..  Must give credit to The Customer Relations Team.....so so,helpful and informative...., they go the extra Mile to make sure your Stay is as comfortable as possible...  Also Sky Lounge is a nice relaxing Venue, with  good selection of Cocktails , with Amazing Views of London.,,  The room I was allocated , was beautiful, clean comfortable and peaceful...  All in All I cannot fault The Hilton Metropole......  Definitely well worth a visit and the Location is excellent..  A big Thank You to all the staff who made my Visit special...",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Solid Hotel - Close to Paddington,I honestly chose this place because Paddington Hilton was too pricey.  Close enough walk. A pretty big hotel so you definitely feel lost in it but room was clean.  Staff was very friendly.  Lots if good restaurants nearby.  ,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel,"We always stay at this hotel but last visit was so special, as it was father's day weekend.  I can't find enough words to explain how nice are the staff at this hotel, I mean everyone from reception people like Mohamadou to the restaurant and cleaners and bars and absolutely everyone, well done guys.  A very big thank you to Angelina and Adriana at gust relationship, you two are assets of this hotel.  Angelina managed everything for us for father's day and made it so special to us and sort out the few problems that we had with our mattresses at our last stay and Adriana, what a lovely lady with absolutely lovely approach. A very big thank you ladies, we stayed at room no 1278 an it was fantastic.  We will stay here again and will recommend it to everyone.  A big thank you to…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge property - a Grand vacation ( time share),"It is first time in London and this this the only hotel in London we stayed in.  The property is huge with several towers as it is a Grand Vacation site ( meaning time share).  It being huge means that depending which room you get when you check in, you may have to go a long way to get to the amenities you frequent.  For example,  our room was in the West Wing.  The pool,  executive lounge are in another wing.  We then would have to come all the way down to the ground floor to get to those places in another tower.  Hot breakfast buffet is among the best .  It is across the street from Mark & Spencer - like a Target - where you can get both clothes and food.     Our Honors membership include free upgrades but we were told they didn't have anything available.  The executive lounge…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Clean, comfortable and convenient","This is now my favourite Hotel in London and I'll try to book it first before considering others. Situated in a very convenient location with excellent transport links to all of London, just 2-3minutes walk from Edgware Road tube station with also plenty of taxis around the hotel. This trip combined both business and family matters and so conveniet for both. The rooms are clean and spacious which is ideal for me particularly as I find tiny hotel rooms claustrophobic and not relaxing. The beddings are very clean and comfortable Of course the legendary Hilton breakfast with great variety and quality catering for all taste. My next trip booked already",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Executive Room Level amenities made all the difference,"Two really good things about this hotel.  Location close to Edgware Rd and Paddington station; and the Executive Lounge.  The access to the tube was great, taxis and rental bikes were close by.  The Executive Level rooms include access to the Executive Lounge where we had a superb breakfast every day.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My wife bday,The over all experience was excellent and I would recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff and the hotel is excellent. We had a fantastic time. The hotel itself is beautiful and we had a wonderful time.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed in Dec 2016. Great central location within walking distance to oxford road (20mins) and Hyde park (20-30mins). Winter Wonderland was on when I stayed and looked mesmerising. Chose executive king room, good deal, NIce room with sofa, very well set out, décor to match. Stayed here in past but had a standard room, which was typical corporate, white/cream. The executive room was much better, book through hotel site if no difference in price and you can choose room!",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London,"Good location across the street from the Edgeware Road underground station. Typical Hilton - clean rooms, friendly staff.   Internet access was slow but we were using the complimentary service. I expected that.  ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Visit to explore London,"Second visit to this hotel. Came back as enjoyed the first visit. Still definitely would go back. The rooms are not too expensive for London. They're clean and nicely fitted out, spacious with a great view. We requested him up as the view is amazing. It's in a great position for getting around London. Close to Paddington for the airport and just around the back you have the canal which is gorgeous, with a beautiful walk to little Venice. It's easy to forget you are in London. We love the location, the staff and breakfast are fantastic. I seriously can't find anything to complain about. I've paid more in other hotels and been squished into a small room with no room. Get it booked. ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay at Hilton,"The stay in London this trip was a very wonderful one if compare to last trip. Due to the very bad experience / stay last trip in September, I told my children that we will be staying in Hilton next trip and I fulfilled my promise. Thanks to Hilton that provide a large room for my family of 2 adults + 3 children (actually 4 adults + 1 child)",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Comfortable Hotel with Helpful Staff,"My wife and I paid a visit to London for a weekend and decided to stay at the Hilton. On arrival we were immediately impressed by the courtesy of the staff - which, of course, is part of the Hilton experience. The hotel is very spacious, the room was tidy and clean and the food was very good.  We were just a bit disappointed at one point when, after returning to our room after taking in a show in the West End, we became aware that the air conditioning was malfunctioning. It had been the hottest day of the year and our room temperature was stuck at 26 degrees until well after midnight. I understand that this is a common occurence at this hotel. Otherwise - a pleasant stay.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good stay, comfortable beds","The Metropole is a great hotel in a pretty good location.  Easy access to the tube and Paddington Station.  Hotel staff was extremely helpful and always available, from curb side help with bags to checkin to Concierge to housekeeping to restaurants.  All requests we had were handled very quickly except our request to be able to get the room cooler. Thermostat had a fixed lower limit that was still pretty warm.  Even so, we enjoyed our stays.  Plenty of restaurants in the area as well as convenience stores for late night snacks and beverages.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice stay hampered by poor air conditioning,"This hotel has several advantages going for it.  It is located within walking distance of Paddington Station where the Heathrow Express runs, and it has convenient access to the Underground and some major bus routes.  The hotel has family rooms (two double beds) and a pool (both of which seem uncommon among moderately-priced hotels in Central London).  One can get moderately priced rates (< 200 pounds) at this hotel that include breakfast and WiFi if one books far enough ahead of time.  Moreover, the breakfast has a very good selection of items and the staff is great. My family also appreciated the selection of teas and the Walker shortbreads provided in the room.    However, this hotel is in serious need of a major refurbishment and needs to replace its climate control system. …",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It's OK for the location & price,"It's a huge hotel and well located right next to tube stops & paddington stations. But even under corporate rates it's expensive. Rooms are small. Breakfast is OK, didn't change 1 item in the breakfast for 10 days! But I guess for London standards this is good value :)",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Around the Block,"Hilton Metropole, is good for travelers who wants to explore the city as it is just around the block. The Hotel is huge and the rooms are spacious. It is quite expensive but value for money, edgeware station is the nearest tube/underground.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lots of things not working - Aircon, Shower",Aircon was not working and understand that the aircon for the entire hotel has been down since 4 days ago - 17 June. Housekeeping brought in one fan but this could hardly cover the 4 of us on 3 beds in a family room. Understand that they brought in 40 new fans today and this is in addition to the fans that they already had. They may blame it on the weather and the guest load but clearly if the aircon cannot cope with the heat and the load then the hotel should only blame itself.  Shower holder in the bath room also fell off. Rooms look badly worn out. Wall papers in the corridors were also peeling off.,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well worth a visit,"Hilton London Metropole is a very good hotel with wide range of facilities, handily placed in Central London. Attentive and friendly staff. Busy but tasty breakfast. Best Executive Lounge we have been in so far.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Vaca,"I really wanted to give a positive review, but in retrospect, the hotel really needs ALOT of work. Rooms bathrooms hallways etc are not in good working on order. Toilets run; showers are poor; housekeeping is not good;   But for our budget it's best we could do for five people. ",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,3.75 out of 5,Stayed for the weekend & was a bit underwhelmed. Loved the new entrance (reception area) - we haven't stayed for about 5 years!  View from our room was stunning - looking out to London Eye & The Shard. But the room itself was quite worn. Shower cubicle was very claustrophobic & bathroom quite dated.  Bar service was efficient but very slow.  Executive lounge was a good size but there was little left on Saturday morning when we attempted to get breakfast & tables were cluttered with empties. Ideally situated for the West End & Wembley. ,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"Very disappointed with the quality and standard of this Hilton hotel. We were on the 2nd floor and clearly in the section which needed refurbishment. Whole corridor and room smelt of stale smoke despite being a non smoking room. Smell was strong and really unpleasant. Room and bathroom were tatty and a layer of dust on the ridge of the bath. Stained broken lampshade. You expect a certain level of standard with Hilton hotels and this was below the bar. At £186 a night, no breakfast or wifi included I think it was a rip off.   The positives would be location- it's very near Edgware Road tube. Nice reception and bar area. Some areas clearly had been upgraded but perhaps because I booked through booking.com we got the rubbish room!  ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid Sky 23,"Avoid Sky 23 bar and resturant. Very very terrible reception from the Manger, but polite waitresses. The resturant was very hot, light kept tripping off and when we complained to the manager he said we can leave if not satisfied. We lost our appetite instantly....Terrible. Hilton needs to do something about the resturant.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"One of the best stays iv ever had. The trip to London was horrible but the staff at the hotel made it worth it. From checkin to the bar staff to the maids. Rooms was clean and large, food was amazing (mango duck salad, was amazeballs) 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 all the way.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awesome,"Hotel was clean and the staff were pretty helpful! Location is good; Edgware Rd. Underground Station is just outside of the hotel, and Paddington Station is just a few blocks away. Tesco, Sainsbury, and a lot of good restaurants are also very close. Would stay here again! ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"4 star for building 5 star for customer service in the evening. I gotta mention the lobby ambassador M Chakur who could not do enough for us. We were looking to hold a private family function at the hotel, and taking the time to take us through the options, sort out our parking tickets, we felt that we are in good hands. Hotel location is across the road from the tube station, and the hotel itself contains enough bars and cafes that you do not need to get out. Upon arrival we were upgraded to the newly built section at check-in point. I found the afternoon/evening staff more helpful than the daytime team, but they were all polite. Would definitely come again. ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just okay!,We stayed there for four days as a family but it is more a hotel for business or maybe large groups. It is pretty far from most attractions and taking a subway is really the best option. It is however close to a good subway station. Buying an Oyster card is a must.  The rooms were large and clean. The staff was okay. We tried checking in early but no rooms were available till 3 pm which was hard because of the time change! We had to go out when we really wanted to sleep!  The restaurant was pricey and not really geared towards families.  In the future I would pick something a bit closer to the city. ,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Some improvement and a good exec lounge,"I have been coming to the hotel over the years for the convenient locatlon. While a bit of a ""block"" on a noisy road, the Metropole did undergo a good renovation of many rooms and lounge. It still looks a bit soulless but it is now comfortable, the service is a little more personable and the Exec lounge is truly welcome in an otherwise busy urban district where it is hard to find a good place to hang around for a coffee.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Will never stay here again -- impersonal and greedy,"I just completed a 25 night stay at this property and spent thousands of pounds here. During our stay, my wife's grandmother died. I was at work. She was distraught and the internet connection for the room was not working for a skype call. She used the room phone to call her mother and was changed 240 pounds. When I returned to the room, I logged a complain with BT and they reset the wifi connection to our room. I asked reception for some consideration of the circumstances (the wifi wasn't working and my wife urgently needed to reach her mother). I was offered a 36 pound reduction. The phone charge is pure greed and, given the circumstances (trouble with internet, urgent need to contact family owing to a death) totally heartless.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, Great Staff, enjoyable Stay","We stayed a week at the Hilton Metropole. I'm not sure how anyone can rate this as anything but high stars.  I would rate this hotel as a five star but it is a little older and has some wear in the hallways but the rooms are nice, beds are comfy and water pressure is good. The staff is friendly and will do anything to help you.  There are many restaurants and lounges in the hotel and if you can sleep in the middle of the night , there is a 24 hour grocery store less than a block away. I paid the same amount here a night as I did in the Hilton times square in New York. London is more expensive, so if the clients complaining on here want a 5 star then pay the money, stay in the more expensive hotels and quit complaining.  P.S. To Barter, thanks so much for your kindness! ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay,"Large Hilton hotel inside and out, they have shops, restaurants, bars onsite. Our room was in the West Wing, it was very quiet and we had a city view. At check in we were upgraded as a birthday surprise which was wonderful. The staff were friendly and helpful and after returning from an afternoon out, we found a cake waiting for us in our room. Again it was a lovely touch and we thanked the catering staff as it was delicious too. We had breakfast at 8am and there were no queues to get in, the food choice was good and again service with a smile and friendly. I definitely want to return and try their Sky restaurant which looks and sounds fantastic, we just didn’t get time only spending one night here. Would highly recommend.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shabby Hotel,"Stayed for one night in this hotel on our way back from Abu Dhabi.  Shabby room with paint work coming off doors, sink leaking and air con broken.  Moved bed to find dust and god knows what else under there!  This is a 2 star hotel not a four and is way over priced.  Would not recommend this hotel whatsoever.",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Teensy rooms; no bath,"Horrendous; avoid as a terrible Hilton disappointment with staff who simply don't care. Dated rooms, very very small even when moved to refurbished rooms and no bath as standard. Awful value for money..  even for London!",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Breakfast,"Seriously amazing breakfast! Staff a bit confused about how breakfast vouchers work but generally pleasant. Small gym but useable, cute little pool. Excellent location and close to 2 tube stations. Rooms probably need refurbishing but decent none the less. Lobby, bars and breakfast room were always extremely busy and noisy (lots of tour groups and conferences) but rooms were soundproof. Wifi worked perfectly. Would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice big hotel, and you pay for it","If you are into big hotels, this is an interesting option. Surrounded by many Arab restaurants, you can still have a nice drink in any of the ground floor bars, full of interesting people all over the world. The swimming pool was a bit small and not too comfortable (I didn't do it after being in person), but the rest was quite correct. However I won't repeat, next time I will look for something cheaper with less services. Take care to have one of the renovated rooms, as the old ones could be quite creepy.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel perfect location ,"We stayed for seven nights. The hotel is perfectly located just a maximum minute walk from edgware road tube stations (bakerloo and circle lines). Also bus stops for most places visited were not that far from the hotel. The hotel itself is packed with conferences but this is felt only during breakfast times and at the elevators.  We were in the west wing, an old looking area (old doors and rooms and bathrooms) but overall it is still clean and tidy. Service was good. Very recommended for families as connecting doors were available and the possibility to accommodate four people in one room and still have enough space for everyone. ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,dissapointing first experieince of Hilton,"cracked bathroom tiles/ broken fridge/ dated décor/ faulty bathroom light and faulty shower head meant you had to hold shower head to wash yourself.  First experience of Hilton and probably the last!  For one of the biggest hotels in the country seemed crazy only 20 something people were allowed in the health club area, we had to wait in our towels till some people left so we could go in.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel ,"We stayed at the hotel in April as a part of a weekend away in London as a family of 4. We all shared a family room which was spacious enough for all of us, very clean and nicely furnished.   We opted to get breakfast included in our stay and could not fault it! The choice was wide and the food was delicious.   The location of the hotel worked well for us! We either walked to the various landmarks we wanted to visit or got a black cab.   The hotel is huge and has so many facilities in it including bars, restaurants and a swimming pool.   We would definitely recommend this hotel and stay here again! ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Close to Paddington Station,Great area if you're utilizing public transport. Not very close to the usual sights but the rates make it worth the trip.  There are many restaurants within easy walking distance and the refurbished rooms are great.  Staff is very helpful and friendly. ,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"It is quite an expesnsive hotel, but I am glad we chose it. Large room and bathroom was fine and clean. We had a room at the west wing with view of London Eye, which was nice.  The pool is quite small, but still nice.  Very good selection at breakfast, even though the breakfast area does get very crowded.  Easy access to Edgware road underground and walking distance (or 1 tube station) to the Paddington trainstation where you have the Heathrow Express.  Friendly staff and no issues at check-in or out.  I would recommend this hotel and come back.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel ,"Super and beautiful hotel in city of London , really enjoyed thanks a lot , near by train station so easy to catch with local train and red buses. Recommend the city lover guest to stay and take the advantage of great hospitality .",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,1 Year Anniversary Trip to London,"My husband I stayed at the Hilton Metropole for 5 days and 4 nights.  I have stayed here previously and my experience was good; so, we decided to stay here once again.  We really enjoyed our experience.  I think the hotel has been remodeled since the last time I stayed. Everything was nicely decorated and properly maintained.  Pros: •	Location- The hotel is close to the Edgware station where you an access the Bakerloo line or the District and Circle Line.  Also, the hotel is in walking distance from Paddington station.  When we arrived, we rode the Heathrow Express train from Heathrow airport straight to Paddington.  This took approximately 20 minutes with no stops in between. We also purchased our round trip ticket which was cheaper than purchasing each way. We walked from…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday trip,"For my 29th birthday i decided to spend it in London. When looking for the right place to stay with a child I reached out to the hotel and got a response back from Sergio. He arranged for our room (king suite) to be specially cleaned since my son has severe allergies. He always responded back to any question I had and was very helpful.   We arrived shortly after lunch and our room wasn't quite ready so we waited on the 2nd floor lounge until they came me got us - it was a little over an hour wait. After freshening up we went out to explore and when we returned the hotel had delivered a birthday cake, wine, fresh fruit, cookies, and multiple flavors of macaroons to our room as a welcome/birthday gift.   The only down side to the hotel was that in the king suite there are two AC…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really comfortable family room,"Family of four stayed in 2x double room.    Really comfortable queen size beds, nice seating area with floor-ceiling windows view of North west of city (so could see Wembley arch).   Clean, good faciliities Pool and gym looked good, but we didn't have our swimmers Breakfast is worth booking.  Queue looks worse than it is though, as although breakfast area is busy it's very efficient and moves quickly.   Decent choice at the buffet.  Check-in was a little slow",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very tired Hilton property.,Good location for the centre of London but I've stayed in much better Hilton properties than this - needs an upgrade but frankly the costs I suspect would be enormous due to the sheer size of it ! Parking very very expensive. Staff were the saving grace here who were all excellent. ,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pathetic experience,"Your concierge of the Hotel sucks.  Your team is highly inefficient, in-coordinated, and very rude specially Brais & Tony- Head concierge  We booked for airport pickup and coach was suppose to reach us at 22.45 at Gatwick airport. We were group of 26 ppl with 10 kids starting age- 4 years. Nobody came to pick us and your present team at night had no clue on our booking. We were stranded at airport in midnight for 3 hours. Than separate taxis were arranged at double the cost - which we paid than and were reimbursed for the diff later by your A.O.M- Roy  Our 2 bags  lost by airlines which was delivered after 3 days. Your concierge team had no records of who has received the bag, at what time and delivered to which room. They were acting like bunch of idiots looking around security…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel,"My family and I stayed at Hilton Metropole for six days and five nights during the month of April. It was easy for us to get to the hotel using the Gatwick Express followed by the underground tube which brought us to Edgware Road Station. This Station was within walking distance to the hotel. The location was great for our first visit to this beautiful city as we were within walking distance to Oxford Street and had easy access to public transportation which we used to get to sites such as Buckingham Palace, The British Science Museum and Madame Tussauds Wax Museum. During our stay we usually had breakfast at the hotel. My family and I are all vegetarians and were able to get a good variety of choices.  We found staff at the hotel to be very knowledgeable and friendly. The…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Need renewal,"Well situated. Reception personnel fast, smiling and professional. Room small and very noisy. Bathroom needs urgent renewal. Air conditioner unbearable because of noise. Restaurant for a big meeting average quality of food and personnel less profesional. Bussiness center old and deteriorated with a bad aspect. Wardrobe well organized. Main hall and ground floor decadent, uncomfortable and does not invite to stay. Check out fast and very well organized without the need to pass through reception. My global impression was not bad but it need a important renewal effort, some of the services are outstanding.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible experience not expected from Hilton ,"We were here with family for four nights but service is terrible. Restaurant and breakfast is not vegetarian and Indian friendly.   Restaurant staff including highest restaurant manager Steven Gilbert are not cordial with the guests.   They have different standards different days one day some restaurant manager assures to keep vegetarian options even reception person takes note but next day they deny after serving for one day.   Beside this despite they claim to have express check out we had to almost wait for 30 minutes to get our luggage down, post check out.   ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mini moon stay,"My new husband and I decided to visit London for a short break before going away on our official honeymoon in the summer holidays. Having never been there together before, we decided to venture to London, and being a member of hhonors, we opted to stay in a Hilton hotel based on the quality of other hilton hotels we'd previously stayed in around the country. Getting to the hotel was easy, as there is a tube station just over the road. The hotel's staff couldn't be faulted, they were extremely helpful and informative. Breakfast was lovely and offered a huge variety. Myself and my husband chose to stay in an executive room, allowing access the executive suite. An added bonus for us was the small discount offered on our stay thanks to our hhonors membership. It is however worth…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice!,"This Hilton hotel is very nice it is a standard Hilton hotel and can boast that it has all the amenities you would expect from Hilton.  This is a very well situated hotel for the traveler as it has shopping dining bars pubs everywhere around the hotel.   The hotel is huge and has no less than three restaurants and bars, upscale shopping A gift shop and a little shop that sells sundry items. A good stay.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK hotel for a big family,"The hotel have a good location close to Heathrow airport express (Paddington station) and a 3 min walk to Edgware tube station. We were five family members and we booked a family room. The room had two queen sized beds and one sofa bed. The room was clean and beds ok to sleep in. The breakfast was a total chaos during the weekend, try to avoid peak times. You have to ask for gluten free alternatives.   If you are a big family this is an ok alternative vs money spend. ",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient to Paddington Station,"Short walk from Paddington Heathrow Express Station. Close to tube Edgewater road so easy to get around. The hotel is large, impersonal and despite Diamond status quite underwhelming. Despite a preference for room away from elevator was allocated one opposite... it was noisy... too tired to bother changing. Decor is dated in parts of the hotel and quite random. The Executive Lounge is good. Very busy with good continental breakfast offerings. Afternoon tea and evening canapés, drinks are offered. The place is packed at evening drinks time and almost standing room only. Overall stay and experience average... would I stay again ... probably not given other better Hilton offerings.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
1899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not  very good stay,"We stayed there for 2 nights at the end of May.  It is a very big hotel with a main building and 2 towers and walking distance to Edgware Road underground past M&S.  We were moved 4 times to finally be happy with the room that we were given.    We are Diamond Hilton Honors and we are guaranteed upgrade and access to the Lounge all the time.  However, the hotel deliberately put us in the ugliest and tiniest room in the first 2 instances.  They were also having power failures and there was no air conditioning for a while.  To be fair, the hotel was very busy as it was a bank holiday long weekend.  There were a lot of families and young kids dominating the swimming pool facilities.  Breakfast was ok but it was like a production facility.  The staff were very attentive and very…",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Metropole,"One of the poorer Hilton's we have staid in. Although we notified a late arrival, there was no room available at 11pm. When we did get a room, the floor we were on smelled strongly of cigarette smoke (I believe its a no smoking hotel). We were given free breakfast and food is good. Location is good, a short trip to Paddington for trains to Heathrow and 2 tube stations within 100 metres. Staff were OK but nothing exceptional. Rooms on our floor were in need of refurbishment",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expected Better,"This is. Conference/Convention hotel and I guess it is well set-up for lots of people wanting to start there. Sadly, breakfast service was chaotic with lengthy queues for the buffet hot food - say 20 metres - and staff doing their best to accommodate everyone. The bedrooms were comfortable but tired and in need to refurbishment. Our family room was OK but much of the furniture was scratched and looked around 10 years old. For £230, even in London, I expected better.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Watch the mark ups!,"Service charges and prior charges are a rip off. Mediocre service in restaurant and housekeeping was poor. Refurbished rooms were nice, be sure to ask for one, because the old ones are very tired and scruffy. Hilton doesn't stand for quality any more! ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"Very disappointing, we could have stayed somewhere much nicer for the money we paid. The local area is at best described as grim. The reception areas are nice enough but the rooms are very tired. The beds were very comfy but the bathroom was just poor, mold, inadequate ventilation and dodgy fittings. And the best thing of all was the Sky23 bar, literally held together with silver duct tape...honestly I joke not. We left without buying a drink it was not as advertised....",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Review,"Spacious comfortable clean rooms poor service from staff members, sky bar needs attention, general service etc poor in areas of security. Breakfast good choice but cold in parts and long cues for food",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family trip Queen,Lovely hotel. Attentive staff. Well equipped clean spacious room with all the usual you would expect. Excellent breakfast buffet although a little manic (ate at 9am) Good location for Paddington station and London transport system.  Only down side - Room was next to the lifts so a bit noisy throughout the evening and morning.,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel,"This is a lovely hotel in the heart of London everthing is close or if you don't want to walk theTube is great , the hotel  rooms are clean and the breakfast is really nice the staff are great to, the only bad thing i would say about the Hilton is they charge a service charge at the bar for a drink 10% never  heard of this before and I've stayed in lots of hotels. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Different room different opinion ,For the second time I have chosen Hilton metropole .. The first experience wasn't very good due room condition .. This new room was in the west wing .. and  It was better than what I thought .. The room specious.. modern.. and good view .. The bath although as well .. The location of the hotel is great close to Edgware Road station .. Approximately 2 mile to the oxford street  I would recommend this hotel 👍,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor for Hilton,"We stayed here for 2 nights 25,26 of may in room 915 , these rooms are in very poor standard for a Hilton hotel in need of a total revamp , dirty , scruffy , we went up to the sky bar the smell was awful , damp dirty smell from the air conditioneing, beautiful view over the city , staff friendly and a good breakfast , and a nice entrance and bar areas , we used the pool and suna , but it was full of school children after school swimming, so there was far to many people in the pool for the size of it , and no where to get changed as there was only 2 cubical sand 2 showers ....... not the relaxing spa we expected ....... it's not like any other Hilton I have stayed in and wouldn't rush back",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay,Wonderful stay. Stayed there for my wifes birthday. Rooms clean and great view. Highly recommended. Lobby can get crowded at times.  Hotel very close to edgware road station making access to rest of london very easy.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room Upgrade,"Our latest of many stays at the Hilton Metropole hotel on Edgware Road (12th - 15th May) as a coach party.  Really unhappy with our room No. 1101 which was overlooking a back lane and had a view of a wall a few yards away.  There was no better room “in our range” when we rang Reception but then we went down to Reception and we were offered Room No 2111, after paying £20/night upgrade.  Well worth the extra cost as we had a panoramic view of London. The hotel is very convenient for the Underground and there are many bus routes on Edgware Road. Breakfasts always offer a wide selection, anything you could want really, hot and cold items, cereals, breads and cakes. We always find the staff to be very pleasant and accommodating.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Morning coffee with no place to sit to smoke,Would be nice if there were benches to sit and enjoy morning coffee and cigarette.    Nice having Starbucks on property.  Rooms are pretty good.  Beds comfy. This hotel is very busy with everyone moving constantly.,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect Hotel for Heathrow One Night Layover,"Arrived to Heathrow Airport at 2 PM, took HeathRow Express to Paddington Station, walked to hotel and was there by 3:30 PM.  Very close to tube, Hyde Park. Due to close location to Paddington, we were able to fully utilize our limited time in London. We were 3 adults so booked a 3 bed-room but the beds were nice size double beds.  Hindsight, should have saved the money and only booked the 2 beds which was plenty of space. Had Afternoon Tea in lounge.  It was 18 pounds per persons. Food and tea were great.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bumpy Ride,"No, it wasn't an airplane. But our stay at the Hilton Metropole was bumpy, nonetheless. I won't get into all of the specifics, but they included: not being recognized as an HHonors Gold member, being given a room that reeked of smoke (not good for non-smokers), being given a key to someone else's room, not being served coffee on two of four days when at breakfast (ended up having to get it myself)... All of those are human errors, and can be forgiven. But a warning to those who use this hotel: Having seen one room (smoke infiltrated) and then another (upgrade after the smoke problem), there are VAST DIFFERENCES in the room quality. So one doesn't really know what one will get until opening the door. Don't bother with the ""cheap"" rooms until they have all been updated. Once that…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hilton to stay at,"This hotel is good if youre looking for somewhere just to stay. Overall hotel room areas looking a little rundown though. but lobby is nice.   Bathroom has some wooden parts in it (on the side of the bath/shower and the door) which due to age and constant water damage has splintered. Shower also pools with water easily due to it being a bath as well and the drain hole is not big enough to deal with a constant stream of water. door to bathroom is also a swing door - would have been better for space if it was a sliding door.   The room itself was ok. The presence of an old minibar was visually there, but didnt actually work, and was a little annoying having that large piece of equipment in the room when it had no purpose anymore. Lighting in the room area is a little lacklustre…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mum and daughter birthday trip,"Lovely hotel, great staff and very good cocktails, location quite central,but area a bit run down looking, easy reach of Marble Arch and oxford street, room cleaned every day, and toiletries topped up when required, as were tea and coffee ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Some positives, more negatives","The first suggestion when booking this hotel is to try and get a room on one of the higher floors. The views are great and rooms of a better standard - but unfortunately, unlike my colleagues, I was allocated a room on the fourth floor.  The carpets on the corridor leading to my room were tired, but my room in particular had seen better days and didn't even have a window that opened (455). Therefore it was very claustrophobic.  The door keycard access was temperamental and often failed and the bathroom, whilst relatively clean, had a number of holes filled in the walls and had been well used.  The location of this hotel was good and the check in was reasonably friendly. However whilst there are a couple of bars in the lobby area; the drinks are extortionate in price, even by…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient for the active traveler,"My wife and I traveled with two friends for our first trip to London, and having done some research on tube stops and the like, decided on Hilton London Metropole. It could not have been a better choice for us. Upon our arrival, the desk agent ensured that my HHonors account was credited with our stay, and the concierge ensured that the football tickets I'd ordered were still locked away in the house safe. Our King Hilton room, while on the small side, was comfortable and afforded enough space for our luggage and belongings. We availed ourselves of the pizza at the Sports Bar and also enjoyed the Whiskey Lounge during our stay. We ended up extending our visit by an extra night, and the front desk helped to accommodate our request. The staff was courteous throughout our trip, and…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel with a sumptuous breakfast,Interiors were well lit and sparkling. good ambience inside. Room lobby carpet was beautiful and clean. Our room was spacious and elegantly designed. Had glass window to see the city below. 2 Metro underground stations are located very close by and hence easy access to anywhere. Oxford street is only 15 mins walk away. Had a sumptuous breakfast. Had plenty of varieties. Checkout happens only in matter of few seconds. Soaps and shampoos were really good.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel is in need of updating,"Price of hotel and condition is not in line. The hotel is a 2 star or less charging rates higher than 4 or 5 star hotel. The room has chipping paint, the bathroom is in serious need of stripping the coats of paint and repainting or removing completely. The mattress on the bed needs to be replaced, very uncomfortable.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not recommended ,The one positive thing about the hotel is the location Other than that everything was poor  The room furnitures need refurbishment  No free wifi !!! (Can you believe that!) You have to wait for a long time for the check-in Only 3 small slow elevators. (Comparing to the people in the hotel)  ,Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large convenient but a bit tired,Convenient to railway and inner London with extensive meeting space.  Service is good and friendly and meeting well managed although restrooms are less so Food good.  Accommodation could do with a substantial refresh although it is very clean,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired rooms,"Hilton have clearly spent all the money on the public spaces in this hotel. While staff are friendly and attentive, my twin room was tired and rundown. Mold on the bathroom tiles and peeling paint on the panel. Stained carpet and scuffed furniture. Thankfully I hadn't personally paid to stay here but room is definitely not worth the cost advertised. ",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Was this really a Hilton hotel?,"I stayed here for a meetying to which I was invited.  I found the hotel surprising in several aspect.  The room I had did not resemble what I am used to in Hilton hotels, although it was not uncomfortable.  The rooftop bar and restaurant that were advertised in the elevators turned out to be closed ""due to licensing problems"".  They were not part of the hotel, I was later told.  Would have been a good idea to say that on the adverts...   The eveleatros were sow and very very crowded, with lines forming at certain times.  And when finally arriving at the room, chances were that the keycard didn't function. A strange place.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location & Business meeting place,"My company planned a huge conf in Paddington and it involved 3 Hotels , Hilton London Paddington, Hilton Metropole and The Landmark . I stayed in all 3 on various nights so now in a position to compare all 3.   The accommodation in this hotel differs on each wing . I stayed in North wing , it was perfectly good. Spacious rooms, neat and clean toilet with tubs.  Breakfast is very Blant  and average. The common areas are very good space for evening hangout. The hotel provide wonderful conference space to host multiple parallel sessions",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Typical hilton,Hiltons seem to spend the vast budget on the reception/restaurant areas but the rooms are a travel lodge style. Maybe a little fancier but not the Dorchester level. Worth a visit but keep your expectations to a sensible level. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Excellent 4 stars hotel for family.  The staff is very kind and helpful . The breakfast buffet was delicious ....there is a lot of space in this hotel. The rooms are comfortables , 15 mn walking from marble arch and oxford street.... I recommend for family visiting london for vacation.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pity About the Room,"Room need total refurbishment, not good enough for cost of stay. Bathrooms are poor, new grouting of tiles needed. Better Extraction required. Air Con is noisey and limited to control.  Bed although comfy, linen looks tired. Carpets were heavily stained, marked and unable to make look clean. Wall coverings old, tired and in need of re-decoration.  Poor re-stocking of Tea/Coffee products.  Room was not worthy of the price paid. This was meant to be a special stay for us and room spoilt it.  Bar 23 top floor is lovely and worth a look just for the view, especally at night. But staff are poor and un-attentive.  Sports and Lounge bar watch what you are being charged, we got charged three different totals for the same round.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sapphire Ball,Visited Hilton Metropole for a Sri Lankan function and it was an amazing experience. The function rooms were spacious and all the facilities were well maintained. Kudos to the management for keeping a very tight ship.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stayed here in March - 2 nights,"Good location , frequent user of Hilton Hotels worldwide but this my least favourite. Concierge , Front Desk staff all efficient , bar staff good too - though one tried to take away my wife's glass before she had finished her drink .  Bar food good.A massive hotel and ideal if you want to be impersonal or are on a one nighter - Because of its size Dining room manic at breakfast time though staff coped ell! Nice comfortable room but only one drawer and limited cupboard space - all storage open to view . Hotel has good amenities but not for me .",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location and service but average rooms,"This hotel is in a great location just outside Edgeware Road tube station. It is a 10 minute walk from Marble Arch and the start of Oxford Street.  The lobby, bars and reception areas are all very clean and welcoming. The staff were friendly and very helpful.  We stayed on level 12 in a triple family room. It was our first time staying in a Hilton. The room was average and a little underwhelming considering the price range. There was a stain on the carpet but the room was generally clean. The air conditioning was a bit noisy. The beds were comfortable but didn't agree with my back as weren't very firm. The water pressure in the shower was good. We got free WiFi in the room which was a reasonable speed.  The bar was a little overpriced with two single whiskeys (one Jameson, one…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dated and rooms poor,I really wouldn't recommend this hotel. There are much nicer hotels in London at this price point.  The hotel is quite dated and the room was a complete letdown. No comfort or personality whatsoever. I definitely won't be back. ,Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great for an overnight stay,"Very charming welcome. My room on the 14th floor in the Tower was clean and comfortable. The downstairs bar staff were fast and efficient despite being overrun by conference delegates. The usual Hilton breakfast was good. As I was only visiting friends elsewhere for dinner I didn't get to use the restaurants, but on what I did experience here I would go back.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend break in London Centre,"Arrived very easily from Euston, £10 in taxi. Arrived at 13:00 and the room was available, which was good. Check in very busy but efficient. Room was very recently refurbished and was a good standard, Hilton normal standard. this is a big hotel so you should expect it to be busy, although after a short que of 3-5 minutes for breakfast, the food std was good. Bar prices for London were very good, £5.5 for a pint. Hotel is easy access to nearest tube, 1 minute and about 10 minutes walk to Marble Arch and Hyde Park. Concierge was very helpful and 99% of staff were extremely friendly and courteous, overall I would use again",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay,! the hotel is very good! Really nice crew the food are very good and tasty.  the room was good the service was Amazing! very recommended hotel!  the metro (tube) close to the hotel and oxford street too!,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Stay away!  Bad location, dirty carpet with horrible mattress ","Stay away from this hotel.  Rooms size are OK for London, but the room is beat up.  Painy peeling off, old dirty stinky carpet.  The staff was nice.  Fiamma buffet is not worth 18 pounds.  Hotel gives you a voucher that will reduce the cost to 12 pounds.  Location is horrible.  Numerous restaurant within walking distance, but almost 2 miles from Marble Arch and shopping area.  The mattress was the worse experience.  I had a room 2ith 2 twin beds.  The mattress is placed on top of a lattice wood frame.  NO BOX SPRING, JUST THE MATTRESS.  The mattress was so old, it had a severe concave shape as if you are laying in a hammock.  It is literally garbage.  I am a business traveller, and this is by far the worse room I have ever stayed at.  I will never ever go to another Hilton…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Distinctly average,"Not a bad hotel but has a very 60s/70s feel.  They see to be doing well on conferences etc and always has plenty of people buzzing around. Room was basic and the air con was rubbish. Spent two evenings in the sports bar, food was basic, service was ok. I'm still undecided on this hotel, I will almost certainly try it again but I'm not convinced it is very attractive.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Me and a friend stayed here in April for a girlie weekend. The hotel is easy to get to and Ina good location for shopping and site seeing. The hotel is huge we stayed in the west wing on the 10th floor. Lots of lovely facilities and very clean. Breakfast on the first morning was very crowded not a lot of variety and service was poor. The second day they had turned one of the banqueting suites into another breakfast location which was so much better, brighter quieter and a much pleasant experience. I would definitely stay here again ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lively ! ,Stayed here a few years ago when it was being updated. It is a very busy hotel however everything was great. Lovely clean room with views over London. The food is great and the breakfast is amazing. Just over the road is the tube. Would stay again. ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel ,"Lovely hotel extremely busy ,easy to get to from underground but not much eateries around so I ate in hotel which was good staff lovely and  lovely beds very comfy and rooms cleaned daily a nice enjoyable over night stay ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Hotel is large with airy clean reception area.  There was a small queue on check in but the duty manager came and took us to a side table to check us in and apologised for the wait.  Very helpful!  Bar/lounge area makes lovely cocktails and was very comfortable.  Taxis always available and close to marks and spencer, across road from Edgware Road station plus loads of bars and restaurants nearby.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient for business travelers ,"Nice hotel, everything you would come to expect from Hilton. Lots of food establishments in the hotel, nice warm pool. As Canadian traveler, I found my room very small - don't bring large bags or you would be hopping over them in your room. I believe there are larger ""family"" rooms you can book. There are plenty of sofas and tables in the very large lobby for you to hang out at if you start feeling cooped up in your room. The location was perfect- tube station nearby and Paddington station with express train to airport just 10 min walk. Mark &Spencer across the street if you are looking for simple take out sandwich or salad. Patisserie in front of hotel provides great breakfast alternative. And Hyde Park 15 min walking distance if you have any time left for sightseeing. Would…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,I have stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions and the main reason I choose it is because I am able to select a twin room with two DOUBLE beds. On previous occasions I have found the hotel to be satisfactory however on this occasion the air con in the room did not work sufficiently and despite maintenance trying to resolve the problem the room temp was stiflingly hot 26C constantly when the air con was set for 16c. The hotel provided fans straight away ( but the noise and lack of effectiveness meant sleep was difficult and uncomfortable) despite telling staff of the problem on 3 separate occasions a room change was not offered.  Very disappointed especially given I hold Hilton honours gold membership.,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Clean and friendly,"Great location... Great staff. Clean. Needs more English T.V. channels.  Some rooms get itv1, itv2, BBC1, BBC2, BBC3.. others get just BBC & ITV. Needs consistency.  And whoever designed the room with the shower with no place to put your shampoo or soap needs to be fired. Do not get the room with separate shower/tub. But great staff & friendly.  Great location. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not as it appears,"Just returned from a 3 night stay. Glad to get back into my own comfy bed and it was great to have a toilet that flushed properly. At least the dust and dirt in my own home is mine! On my return to my home I cooked myself a decent breakfast, bliss, and I didn't even have to queue for 10 minutes to get a slice of toast! When I'm in my home I know what I'm getting, and how much it costs. Just watch out if you are naïve like me and think that if Hiltons website says that menu items are part of breakfast price, don't be fooled. This apparently stopped months ago but they are still happy to take your cash. Shame on you Hilton",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The bedrooms are so hot!,"We stayed here from Fri 12th - Sun 14th May. The hotel is lovely and clean, both the main entrance areas and the room itself. We only ate there for breakfast which was very nice.  All the hotel staff we encountered were very friendly and went out of their way to help.  My only complaints would be the temperature in the breakfast restaurant was extremely stuffy and in the bedroom was again unbelievably uncomfortable despite setting the air con to full as soon as we checked in and leaving it on for all of our stay.  Lastly the beds are very high and very very hard! For the price I would of expected a comfy bed. We had 2 sleepless night which means we shan't stay here again which is a shame as the staff were lovely. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,Love this hotel for ease. Have stayed several times. And use it when the price is right. It's a big hotel with 23 floors but it's big enough for everyone. Friendly atmosphere. Rooms are adequate and clean. Breakfast is the choice of kings with something for everyone all be it a little hectic at times. Check in and check out was quick.... we pick Hilton hotels as we know what we are going to get each time ,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired and in need of a revamp,"Stayed here for 3 nights.in the tower wing. While the hotel was ok it is certainly very tired and desperately needs updating.  The carpet in our room was stained and worn, the fridge didn't seem to cool.  The room  was very warm and the cooling system wasn't very effective at all.  Positives were the staff were really friendly and helpful and the hotel is very accessible to public transport.  ",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large rooms, Great breakfast, Central","This is a nice Hotel to stay in when traveling with familiy. Large rooms, Great breakfast and Central. I have earlier stayed here for a big meeting. The conference facilities are very good. A little worn out, but clean. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Could have been great but was mediocre,"Location wise this is not too far from Hyde Park and its easy to get to museums from here on the tube. Hotel is very close to Edgeware Road tube station and there is an M&S as soon as you leave the tube. Handy if you've forgotten anything. Tesco express also close by and 24 hours. Also very handy. The hotel is pretty big and they have a pool which is a nice treat in London. I booked the room in the Hilton rooms new year sale and got a queen size executive with late checkout for around £130 per night. This was a big room with two double beds and plenty of space.   As it was such a good deal, I would have been really cross if I'd paid full price. First of all, I booked the room in my name. I was attending a three day conference and my family decided they would come too and enjoy…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great location with Edgeware Road tube only 4mins walk. Opposite there is an M&S and a Patisserie Valerie. Views from the room included the London Eye, Shard and Gerkin. Spacious public areas. Staff very friendly. Great choice at breakfast. Sky bar offered a range of around 5 cocktails, no outside area unfortunately.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay,"The room was very clean but a little bit small. The location is amazing, central london close to Oxford street in an animated area.  The receptionist  Chaimaa was perfect, useful and an amazing languages skills.  She helped me inside the hotel and made me feel home as much as she helped me to find what to do in London.  I will definitely reccomand this hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Okay great location,Wouldn't really recommend it's a convention hotel so lots of conference delegates make sure you have a refurbished room we did otherwise we were told by staff you will regret it plus avoid the sky restaurant an utter disaster shabby and poor service and not the Asian fusion advertised Oh by the way the beds in the new rooms are on hard side ,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No Water for Friday night,"The entire west tower lost water around 10pm on Friday, May 5th. We called front desk several times about it but got cold answers. Eventually we had to ask front desk to borrow a room with water to take a shower. The staff and the manager helped arrange a room in a different tower but showed no politeness at all nor saying sorry. They would not even help if you do not ask. Not going back period.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay in the hotel,I had a great stay in Hilton everyone was helpful also I wanted to say i had my check in with ms/mrs chaimaa she was so kind and helpful and big smile thank you i will definitely come back and recommend the hotel to everyone ,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good,"Very goof, it's near from Arab street, and all supermarkets are near from you. the public transports are near from you Clean and quite comfortable all team in the hotel are helpful they help me and supported me in my activities in London",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, with good service","This is a very good hotel. Rooms were comfortable with everything you need. Good wifi. Restaurant is good with good selection and food. Service is friendly and relaxed. The executive lounge is a good idea, and a very relaxing and peaceful start to the day with breakfast in the lounge. Gym is small but OK, with a decent sized pool and good sauna. The steam room was not available on my visit. This is a very large hotel and it can take some time to move around the hotel, and with a number of different areas within the hotel, can be hard to navigate and find way around. But overall, good value hotel with good service and facilities.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel small room,Very good hotel but very narrow room. Expecting larger room with affordable services from the staff. Brakfast was okay and the surrounding is very beautiful. Love it so much. Could be the choice for sure,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hilton Honors breakfast & lounge,"I am staying in the Hilton London Metropole hotel most of my working weeks since January 2016 and I really appreciate the service from the lovely staff at this hotel. Especially, I would like to mention Chi-Chi, who is doing my daily fresh juice in the Hilton Honors breakfast area, which is really a great start to the day. Carry on with your great service! All the best, Erik",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and Staff,"Check-In was very efficient and the bedroom was ready at 10am. So we were able to leave all the luggage in the bedroom before getting on the Subway (a one Minute walk from the Hotel). Bedroom was fine. Comfortable beds, TV, WIFI (that was all we needed). Great Breakfast-Buffet, nice and comfortable Bar (great view from the Sky-Bar). Friendly and helpful statt.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,great service & good location,"The hotel is 10 min walk to oxford street, 1 min from edgware road station. Service was great. The breakfast was very good with choices. Overall, the hotel is convenient especially if you are travelling with baby.  The only negative point we noted is that the baby cot is wooden which is not friendly for babies.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms in a serious need for renovation,"The hotel is well located, however I was really disappointed by the quality of the rooms which looked very dated, I stayed in the central wing and it seems that the rooms are not yet updated. Overall service was very good and the whisky bar as a great selection.",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good hotel - good laction - a bit in the ages,"We came there for a 4 day trip for London sightseeing. The hotel is close to Paddington, but still 1 stop with the tube to go. The check-in procedure was perfect and quick - rooms were not cheap but we got a suite for 3 persons that was sumptous and spacy. Bed quality is good - a 3rd couch bed was prepared only after i called 2 times housekeeping - however having it said during the check-in. Minibar with a standard range was never refilled - also 2 liquor drinks were already missing when we entered - 2 calls to do a refill never succeeded. The hotel is pleasant, lots of space, in the lobby a good bar with excellent choices of coktails and beers. Maybe the huge size and huge number of rooms lead sometimes to some confusion for its staff, but overall we were very happy in this…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Trip away,An excellent hotel with superb customer care.The hotel is excellently served by the tube.Good facilities which include a fitness centre as well as a swimming pool.The breakfast is excellent along with good service .,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay,We decided to stay at the Hilton London Metropole for a friends special birthday and we were not disappointed.  The room was gorgeous and had lost of space for four friends.  The hotel was beautiful and all the staff were friendly.  We didn't use the restaurant but the bar was nice and the view great.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great cocktails ,Visited with a friend for drinks and nibbles. Can highly recommend the Pina Colada and also the Asian bites plate. The only thing we found irritating was the waitress kept looking at us as if we were going to run off without paying the bill so in the end we paid early just so she would stop staring at us. Not sure I would bother going again. ,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't bother!,"Having arrived at the hotel, the staff member checking me in asked if I wanted to upgrade to a bigger room I said no, then she asked if I wanted to pay twenty pounds more per night for a newly refurbished room and I said why should I have to pay more for it, and are the rooms clean and allergy free. She said no that the other rooms were older and I asked how old, she asked her colleague and they had a right old laugh saying it was about the 1970s. At that point I was already upset and I said just give me the room that I paid for. I believe it was room 1216. Upon entering the room the carpet was stained, the windows open, mold on the windows, bedding covered in dust. I closed the window due to the dust and then smelled vomit, at which point I felt physically ill, my husband and I…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
1967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfert and pleasure ,"I along with my wife and daughter arrived on 10th April Monday and checked in room no 1213.  We deposited £90/- as deposit for three days stay.  The room was clean with three beds. The view was great overlooking Edgware rd tube station from 12th floor.  As promised , we had a comfortable stay. The breakfast fast was five star. On 2nd day we had Indian breakfast as Well!  Room service was quick and tea coffee, toiletries were replenished as and when asked.  As this hotel is next to major tourist sites , we enjoyed walking!  I recommend this hotel.  Dr. Gopal Sharma   Professor and Head , Oral Medicine  Bombay Hospital. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hilton,"Had a wonderful stay at the Hilton Metropole, Friendly and helpful staff. No hassles about anything. Nice big room for London. Hopefully can go there again. A bit more expensive than other hotels but worth every penny",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Holiday,Lovely clean modern well presented hotel great for family great family room would recommend to anyone visiting London with family excellent value hotel facility's where above excellent  will be stopping again thanks Hilton ,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst value for money ever,"I have never seen worse value for money. There were no bottles of water in the room, there was no soap bar in the room, the temperature in the room was 27 degrees with the airco at full capacity and the toilet did not flush properly. I paid 300 pounds per night and oh yeah, this was the executive room. I would not want to know what the normal rooms are like...",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic breakfast,"We enjoyed our stay. The room small but very clean and we hardly there but to sleep so not a big problem. Drinks in the lobby bar were great the entire first floor lobby area beautiful. Breakfast Buffett was phenomenal !!  ,",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Doubt to stay again ?,"The largest 4 star hotel in London... agreed as first turn by my driver at the corner still not missed this hotel while to drop us at the main lobby. We arrived a bit late after the incident from Paris Gare Du Nord station to San Pancras, everyone was very tired and messy, however first hospitality offered by Mr Joshua to arrange us private check-in counter made everything easy. His sincerity shown this hotel commitments to their clients at first impressions. rooms was great. Hotel amenities as standard as it is. Best locations i think... Near to the Edgware and Paddington station, convenience store at nearby, great facilities, and all about the best hotel to stay if you wish to enjoy place with few halal restaurants, walking distance to Marble arch area and attending meeting or…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great service, great ubication!!!","We had a very pleasant stay in family, with comfortable rooms, kind service and superb staff. We highly recommend this hotel for all kind of travellers. Don´t doubt about it, book in this hotel and you´ll never forget your London experience.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"High hopes, moderate experience","This hotel is huge and is a great, central location.  It's conveniently located near Edgeware Road Tube station.  The hotel's main attraction seems to be that it can cater for massive numbers.  Staff are friendly and polite.  The room (a family room) was nice, but dated bathroom.  The breakfast was really just too crowded and I was literally bumping into other guests in attempt to fight my way to the cooked breakfast!  This is irritating first thing in the morning.  The water for the tea at breakfast was tepid and I ended up going to the coffee shop to get a Starbucks instead.  The hotel pool must have been one of the most crowded in London - it was full of kids and frustrated adults, hoping to have a half-decent swim.  It also smelt musty.  The showers in the changing rooms…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay Away from this damn property,"If you read my reviews in tripadvisor, Ive never been so critical about any other hotel. Ive stayed in two hilton brands during my 20 days vacation in U.K and both of them fail to impress me. Especially, this property. This is a big hotel mostly catered to big families(especially middle east due to close proximity of all arabic restaurants probably). we have booked one of their family rooms in the west wing(got three towers and west wing is supposedly the renovated wing). The moment you entered the lift you can see how shabby this hotel is. Very very dated and carpet smelling dirt in the common areas. the rooms were big but again so outdated and old. The shower  was one of the worst Ive ever seen as it do not have sufficient force and was literally dripping water. Called up the…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awesome Client Service Adriana,Despite having to change my booking twice the hotel was very accommodating and Adriana was awesome at delivering excellent customer service. I will continue  using this hotel for business trips based on this high level of service. The client executive lounges is also very well managed and the staff cannot do enough to help. ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,UNORGANISED CHAOS,We didn't actually stay at this hotel but went there on Saturday for the Boyzlife event. After 2 hours of queueing and being moved from one floor to another and back again we left. The final straw was being told there was a further delay and to get in lines of 2. We are pensioners not school children!! Don't blame Boyzlife for this but do blame the disorganised staff at this hotel. Would hate to think what it would be like to spend the night.,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the money...,"We booked a last minute room here so paid over £300 for 1 night in a standard double room. The room itself was ok but just ok...   The hotel was super busy with hoards of people coming and going, we were enjoying the hustle and bustle until we tried to get a drink from the bar, you could easily wait 15-20 mins to buy extremely overpriced drinks served in a random collection of old and odd glasses.  We hadn't realised at the time of booking but there must have been a special offer on for those attending the boxing at Wembley, sadly this meant there were some extremely drunk groups of men staggering around the bar, not quite what we were expecting.  The breakfast was bland and greasy and we had to queue to get into the breakfast room on account of how busy the hotel was. We were…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
1979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Centrally Located Average Downtown London Hotel,"Hotel has a very nice, modern lobby to greet its guests on arrival with a very cool Whiskey Lounge. Check in was speedy, Concierge was very helpful in recommending a restaurant for a late dinner. Upon arrival to my room on one of the higher floors, It was little confusing to locate my room, hallways appeared to be older and in need of some updating. Room was very small, bathroom was very small. Had a decent view of the city from window. Surrounding area is a very very middle eastern neighborhood, so tons of Kebab and Hookah bars and restaurants. Marks and Spencer and Edgeware Station located directly across street from Hotel. In walking distance are Boots, McDonalds, Tesco, Costa Coffee and Starbucks. On the 23rd floor of hotel is a Bar called Sky23 with amazing views of the…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst hotel that Ive seen for years,1. Room was outworn and not in good shape. I was having a high opinion about Hilton before my stay in London and couldn’t imagine that Hilton would even offer to stay in such room - especially for the price that it costed me. 2. Gym was overfilled (6:30 morning) with people and there was not free place - so couldn’t use it and have to walk away. 3. Carpet in the corridor to my room was dirty. 4. Power socket in bathroom was broken – couldn’t shave there. 5. Staff performance at the check-in was terrible - giving promises and not fulfilling.,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Boyzlife,"My friend and I went to see Keith and Bryan's show. The hotel, whilst lovely inside struggled with the occasion. Probably didn't help that meet and greet started late. Bar was a fiasco at the interval, staff tried their best but.. the evening itself with music, chat etc was a great concept.  ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Exciting Stay in Hilton London Metropole,"Though 3 days short stay for an official workshop but an exciting stay especially due to the excellent location of the hotel, a few minutes walking distance to the public transit, tube station and a great variety of fantastic restaurants nearby. Was able to walk (10 minutes) to the Hyde Park and for some shopping to the Oxford street. Post office is on a 2 minute walk. The room though small, was very good with a great view of London. The TV should have more options of free channels. Ideal place to stay if the purpose is touring the city and in case the days are busy in meetings and have short time in the evening. The staff is very friendly and the hotel and its room very clean. Arrived at around 12:30hrs after a long travel of around 10 hours and it was disappointing to know…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,bussiness purpose,"Good location, however bad service and not looking nice rooms. I had problems with the AC which was not fixed in 2 hours, cooling too fast instead of heating.... in the London weather this might be a problem somehow",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastically located hotel with rooms for 5,"I used to love Hilton Hotels pre children but have recently rediscovered them through the London Hilton Metropole.  A hotel with decent sized rooms for 5!  Each family room has two large doubles plus a double sofa bed.  We took a small todler blow up bed for our youngest so each child had their own bed.  Plenty of space for a portable bed/ cot in the room.  The roomwas equipped with four mugs/ wine glasses/ glasses kettle, tea coffee and all,the usual,bits.  It had a mini fridge.  Right outside of the tube station with plenty of shops on the doorstep.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Break in London,"We had a great time in London and I'm glad we chose the London Hilton Metropole for our stay. The hotel could not have been easier to get to. We arrived at Heathrow and made our way straight to the Heathrow Express (book before you go !) train and then straight to Paddington Station (find the bear). Our hotel was a 5 minute walk from the station on Praed Street. The hotel is quite large and modern. Staff are friendly and very helpful. The hotel is a 3 minute walk from the London underground stations (there are 2 on the Edgware road) and is a 10 minute walk from Marble Arch. As I said the hotel is quite bright and modern and while busy it didn't seem crowded. There were 4 of us and we stayed in a double queen room, which was perfect for our visit. The on site facilities are…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Top hotel,"Excellent location near Edgware Road tube, great brekkie, pool and room. Good service too.  One slight issue with breakfast times when we checked in. Would recommend this hotel for staying near Paddington station or for easy access to central london. Nice to have the option of a swim too. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel,"We booked two rooms here for our trip to London in March of 2016.  The hotel is huge and because we booked two different types of rooms (a double for us and a family for our five kids), they were in completely separate towers of the hotel.  They were out of rooms with double beds, despite the fact that is what we booked and paid for ahead of time.  After a very long trip (Denver to Paris then the Eurostar to London), all I wanted to do was sleep peacefully in my husband's arms that night but we had to sleep in separate twin beds.  It was a huge disappointment.  Our kids loved the giant breakfast buffet and the hotel was in a good location for sightseeing.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay!!,Me and my family had a great experience with the hotel.  Our family room was fantastic and the hotel amenities were great especially after a busy day of touring. The Edg Bar served as a great oasis at the end of a long day and the service was outstanding.  We particularly enjoyed our nightly service from Tommy and Naomi in the Edg Bar.,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,things to know...,"there are no accessible a/c outlets next to or even near the bedside!!  i was told that the west wing was the newest, most recently upgraded. if this is the case, then it's quite a sad hotel, that is, if the other rooms are in worse condition.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location nearby train to airport,"This hotel even is not on the center of London downtown is very well located. Just 10 minutes walking you can take the Heatrhow express, which will take in just 20 minutes to airport for around 27 euros. Then just crossing the street you.have a tube station that will connect you directly to big Ben station in in.just 15 minutes. The room was nice and huge for the euro standard. ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good overall hotel,Location for this hotel was terrific.  We took the Heathrow Express directly from the airport to Paddington station and walked about 10 minutes to the hotel.  The room was not too spacious but it was enough to accommodate my wife and I.  The amenities were excellent and the breakfast buffet was very good with a wide selection.  We would go back to this hotel again.  The only qualm about the hotel is that the surrounding streets are a bit noisy at night but that's what we get when we stay within the city center.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Service is Average, Rooms Small, Carpet Dingy","I could put up with the carpet and small rooms but the kiss of death to me in any establishment is the service.  Almost everyone we came in contact with was very lukewarm.  In a service industry, this is bad, but in a service industry where the rest of your fellow countrymen are all so warm, friendly and helpful, and then to find lukewarm with almost the entire staff was a bit of a letdown.  Other than the carpet, everything else in the room was clean.  Very close and convenient to a Tube entrance, actually its in the middle of several tube entrances.  But Edgware is only 1 short block away.  Beds were firm, outlets were inconveniently located and no USB outlets were available.  Had dinner at the Sky Bar for what should have been an upscale evening, and that was frustrating to…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Services ,"Stay here for one night,  the hotel is massive very well designed but all the staff I come across with was very friendly, very nice room lovely view and comfy bed had dinner at Fiamma restaurant, food was lovely and staffs was very attentive and professional, enjoyed Mojito made by Mark at the Edge bar I love the atmosphere all the staff was professional and well trained never too busy to talk to, what a great night.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great stay, excellent service","Stayed with husband and two daughters for two nights.  Service excellent, breakfasts excellent.  Had breakfast on second morning in a conference room, which I enjoyed better than in the restaurant.  There was plenty of space and plenty of food.  The service from those waiting on table was first class.  The room was very good, we overlooked the police station.  Convenient for a lot of places, especially Hyde Park and Paddington Station.  The only downside was queueing to check out.  A lot of people were also queuing to check in, which slowed things down a lot.  Perhaps a dedicated queue to check out and one for check in could solve this.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Quick overnighter - convenient,Looks great in the public areas downstairs with groovy lighting etc and quick check in. The room I had was very tired (see peeling paint in photo) and water flooded everywhere in the shower. Was clean though and convenient location - just needs some loving with the paintbrush and some retiling of the floor.,Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
1996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another good example of a Hilton,"Great location, friendly staff and nice rooms - stayed on the 19th floor which has fabulous views of London.  Good variety at breakfast and child friendly. Parking is pricey and tiny spaces but you are in central London a stones throw from the likes of Oxford St.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Fine for a short stay with family, but very large and a bit tired","I had a one night stay at the Metropole last week with my family. I booked a queen superior (two queen beds) room, as that was the only one that could accommodate four.  The room was spacious and very quiet, though quite a bit of a walk from the front desk and from the exec lounge. The hallway carpet was definitely in need of replacement, and the bathroom was showing its age, especially the toilet (which required some effort to flush properly).  We were on a high floor, but the view was over a construction zone...  I had been expecting the hotel to be large, but it was definitely bigger than I expected, and also quite full, with many tour groups and families. At check-in I asked if we could have breakfast in the restaurant rather than the executive lounge, and the staffer told…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
1998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stone beds.,The beds are so hard and noisy you can't turn without to wake up the person next to you. Didn't sleep and back pain after my stay. Be careful when checkin online as it doesn't say if the room is disabled. ,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
1999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,excellent choice,was lucky when checking in here at the dedicated HHonours Desk to be invited to a cabaret and free buffet that evening. huge hotel with excellent facilities. small pool but decent gym. not far up Edgware Rd,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellant just don't eat at the hotel,Only issue was with the restaurants on site.  Quality was poor and more expensive than the surrounding area.  Rooms and service was great.  Location was excellent with a short walk to the Edgeware Tube station.,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely Accommodations ,"I highly recommend the Hilton London Metropole - great location, great property, excellent service, good restaurant (buffet breakfast has seemingly never-ending options). The location is convenient for catching the tube or hailing a cab, plus a lot of what you need in walking distance. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
2002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great food and environment ,"This was a great venue for an evening with a few colleagues.  The whole place is nice, the staff were very friendly and helpful. The food was excellent and very well presented.  My only criticism was that our waiter started clearing empty plates from the table before the whole group had finished their course.  Not the end of the world - but  not up to Hilton standards.   ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great view from floor 11,"First impression were good hotel reception was big clean, staff boast of how big the hotel was but failed to tell us where or room was or even what level. They also failed to tell us where t swimming pool and fitness suite was. Room was clean and the Room service was excellent clean towel and toiletries every day. Bed could do with new mattress hard and uncomfortable. On the First night we decided to eat in t restaurant, food was below average, we were charged 2.50 for a glass of water from t tap staff was rude to t point we nearly walked out.  We had breakfast in t same place however this was amazing as much as u cold eat. This was a family break for us the hotel is close to Edward Road tube station handy for getting around London. Hotel staff could do with being trained on…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
2004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Super comfortable family stay,"Our family of four stayed here over the Easter weekend and had a brilliant time - the hotel is easy walking distance from Edgware Road tube and the family room was a generous size. Beds were super comfortable and breakfast offered an amazing array of options to suit everyone. We particularly liked the juice bar, where you could choose any combination of fruit/ vegetable juices and the lovely lady serving them! Unfortunately our breakfast was only slightly marred by my son finding a piece of blue plastic in his chicken sausage - hopefully this feedback will make its way back to the hotel suppliers. However the swimming pool was lovely and not too busy - and the staff were professional and helpful throughout our stay. From the Hilton you are walking to distance to Paddington Basin…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
2005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,BYO light bulbs ,Terribly rude and unhelpful staff. Decrepit family room that had bathroom light. It took four phone and three visits from the maintenance crew to change a light bulb. I suggest you take your own light bulbs to save time.,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
2006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hotel nothing special, event management excellent","I stayed on night at attending a large event on 20th April. The accommodation was booked by a third party and unfortunately meant that I did not get Hilton Points. Hotel is a 10minute walk from Paddington so centrally located. Lots of shops close by and district line also - M&S across the road with food hall too.  The public areas look impressive, I think the hotel is in the process of a major refurbishment. Didn't find reception staff on arrival or departure very pleasant to be honest from front of house.  I was allocated a room on the 11th Floor (obviously still one to be refurbished -  1109), Lifts quite slow and I had trouble of every occasion with the key card to enter my room. The room itself very dated 2 single beds - neither comfortable at all. Linen clean and pressed.…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
2007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good function hotel,"Attended a industry dinner at this hotel about 900 people. The hotel is well geared up,for such an event. The trouble is. It is so big it has no soul. My bedroom was tired and in need of refurbishing. The bars where understaffed for such a big event and breakfast was so busy  a lot of us gave up left as the wait was too long . It's great for such an event but if was staying in London I wouldn't stay at this hotel",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
2008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Half of the rooms have been updated half have not a bit like a lucky dip.,"Stayed here using my free night redeemed from hotels.com, it was a last minute descion when out in Edgware with my partner so we checked in quiet late about 9 pm.   check in was quick and it was my first booking with a Hilton in my name as we normally use my partners, expected a room upgrade due to this but it didn't happen.  Being one of the rare hotels in London that offer smoking rooms, as my partner was then a smoker I reluctantly agreed to a smokers room. Bad choice the room stunk like a dirty smokers house and all of the upholstery stunk.  Now I have been to this hotel multiple times to eat, they have fantastic facilities some of the best I have seen and the lobby bar is amazing. They have a nice whisky lounge, Café lobby, sports bar, dining area and a Starbucks/café.…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,The hotel is very nice and clean. The breakfast food is good. The service is excellent and the location of the hotel is very central to like everywhere. Very recommended to stay. Very good for family as well. ,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
2010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the best,Stayed here for one night over Easter I can only say on a whole as a family we were disappointed. I will start with the good the hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful and all the down stairs areas were very nice and clean. The room we had was a nice size but I would say needed updating. Had a couple of sandwiches and drinks at lunch time which were very nice. Had breakfast the following morning and I can honestly say it was not good at all especially for the money you pay the sausages were like bullets and it was only just lute warm. We booked the hotel mainly because it had a pool but didn't get to go in because someone had been sick but that's not the fault of the hotel. My main problem was the fact that they wanted a £30 deposit for the mini bar which we were never going…,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
2011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Three night stay,"Very well located hotel with two tube stations offering three lines. The staff were very well mannered & helpful they do all they can to make you feel welcome, well done. The rooms are roomy, clean & all one could require. The breakfast was full everything you could possibly require no matter what you wanted however your only failing were  1. cold plates !! It's the most basic mistake warm food on cold plates ahhhh 😫 and doesn't works. So you get a well put together hot breakfast which it was and then a cold plate so your breakfast was stone cold by the time you sat down  2. They use stainless steel flasks with hot water for tea and coffee pre filled. They were warm not boiling so I had to ask each morning after getting a warm one and not a hot one, I noticed no one made the…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
2012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Central location, large hotel, impersonal","Plus points - (a) Located next to Edgware tube station and close to Paddington Station (b) Comfort and quality of a Hilton (c) large sized rooms.  Negatives - (a) breakfast is poor - there's lots of food but all of it is western dishes - very limiting if you're vegetarian/want asian breakfast (b) room service and housekeeping is slow (c) Impersonal, expected perhaps of a hotel with ~1000 rooms.  But on the whole, if you're looking for a comfortable, centrally located hotel, this would be a good choice.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,We expectet more.,Sadly we expected more from our stay. Our Room was a bit poor for a four star Hotel. The room doors were damaged and the beds were not comfy. The staffs were great! Super nice and helpful. The Breakfast and Diner were also great. The staffs considered our wishes. The location of the Hotel is super. 15 minutes with the Express from Heathrow to Paddington. There are two Underground stations nearby.,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
2014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good Quality, Central & Cheap","Stayed here for three nights. You walk in and the lobby is beautiful, looks like it's been newly renovated. Impressive. The staff are helpful and polite. Stayed in a standard king room which was quite small but manageable. Slept well, comfy beds. Breakfast was included in my room rate and the food was nice. The hotel is busy; lacks the exclusivity of 5* hotels in central London. It's very popular with tourists. Paid about £150 for a three nights stay which is an amazing rate for central London hence I am not surprised that this hotel is popular. The location is perfect for central London. A few pet peeves: On two occasions (one in the evening and one very early in the morning) I tried to shower and found that the hot water kept going cold. Quite annoying.   All in all it's a…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I don't recommend,"It's not bad in general but the breakfast very poor maybe it's if you are on diet! because with prices you can get real hotel with nicer room and healthy foods , small room with very old furniture and bad beds it's like stone , noisy in the night I was thanking I'm in the hotel or in horse tracks, you can hear  when other guests easily when they are walking!!! In room Above you or out side. ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
2016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Easter Break,"Stayed last week at the London Metropole with my husband and 2 girls aged 7 & 8. We have stayed before as a couple but this was the first time with family and found it ideal. The location is excellent for a city break exploring London. Edgeware Rd tube station is literally outside the hotel and is served by 4 lines so exploring the attractions is easy. The hotel has loads of cafes and shops around - M&S simply food, Pret, Costa, Starbucks and Tesco express are all within 1 min. We got the Heathrow express to Paddington and walked (even with 2 kids) to the hotel in 5 mins. Our room was clean and modern and had everything we needed. The hotel is massive and is comprised of : ""wings"" each served by its own lift. Breakfast had a good selection of cooked food, cereals etc although we…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Coach trip,"First time in London, lovely time plenty to see, took the big red open top bus, good tour with them, good comentry on board,cheap for where you go on it, lots of queues for madam tussauds, so didn't wait, went on the river Thames,good lot of history given, lots to see, no time to get bored, lovely hotel and good selection of food for breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Late Nite City Work,"Fantastic lobby with a Starbucks on site along with good number of restaurants on site. Rooms are nice and tidy... A little on the small size but OK. Lobby is great working environment and there's a little fun to be had on the 23rd floor in the Sky Lounge that provides a great views of the city.   The Hotel is in the heart of the City... Edgware Road never sleeps, Picadilly Circus [Time Square of London] is about 5min in an Uber... And Edgware Road tube station is about 5min walk.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cheap 3* Star Hotel at Best,TV didn't work. Carpets had Dirty stains.  Staff had very poor English and were Rude. No Life Guard at swimming pool. Operators didn't answer phone. Not a Hilton Standard hotel. More like a cheap 3* Star Hotel. Will not stay here again.,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
2020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable trip to London,"Huge hotel, making you feel like in a shopping center. All nice inside and very friendly staff.I chose this hotel because my bichon maltese was also welcome, which is not the case everywhere in London... And parking is conveniently located underneath. Really great choice for breakfast, good cappuccinos. Amazing London view from the 23rd floor. The area was not my favourite, but very near all amnities and walking distance to Hyde Park and touristic places in London.The swimming pool was closed on Easter Monday morning, which was our only disappointment. I would  definiely go back.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Living on its name not its quality.,"We stayed over the weekend. We were, having been told it's their newest most refurbished hotel, expecting a top class stay although our doubts started when the receptionist explained the hotel is aimed at businessmen not tourists. Unfortunately we feel it's average. We were in room 1419, which was allegedly not near the lifts. In fact it was behind the lifts, so you heard the lifts going up and down the shaft. The room was ok but nothing special. The shower riser bar was loose so if you had to adjust the height of the shower head it nearly fell off. The air con didn't seem to work properly, but with no instructions it may have been me. Breakfast seemed to be a free for all, with the staff doing their best, although on the second morning we went to the 2nd dining room as the 1st…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
2022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"My Review of Hilton Metropole Hotel, London","Generally, the hotel is well located with lovely staff. I had a good stay but the that I could not find any TV Channels where Christian programmes were being air. I wasn't quite happy about that. The two major faith (Christianity and Islam) should be given equal space.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"busy, huge hotel with great staff","The hotel is conveniently located next to a tube station and bus lines around the corner will bring you straight to the main attractions of the city. We had a superior room and were very satisfied. I guess the cheaper rooms are not as nice. Breakfast can be extremely busy and you may have to wait very long to be assigned a table (the reason why I didn't give 5 stars). The swimming pool is nice but can also be a bit crouded. Well, that's normal, kids love playing in the water after a long tour through the city. And that's the reason we chose this hotel. The staff is very helpful and friendly, open to a small talk when they are not too busy.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Work thing,"Friendly staff, good facilities varied places to sit and grab food and drinks.  Rooms comfortable enough but hot even with the boost function on the air con.  The sky bar had lovely views but the bar man a bit stressy when more than one customer needed serving! ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big Hotel,"Stayed there for 3 nights while attending a course in London. This is a very big hotel with several wings. I was upgraded to the executive suite hence I am a bit biased. Good location just across the street from Edgeware road tube station. It is also a walking distance from marble arch. The room was big and very clean and quiet, Bath was also good. There was no noise from the traffic as I was in the 12th floor. Used the executive lounge only once as I was eating out other days. It is busy The breakfast was lovely with a good spread of choices and very prompt service. Overall a very good hotel to stay in. It is quite expensive but most hotels in London are expensive.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Value and Stay,"Very nice hotel. We had a family trip to visit and see London for the first time. Ideally located, half a block to the Circle or District lines, in either direction. Lots of conveniences nearby. Breakfast was a great deal and a good way to start each busy day.  The rooms were very nice, large and comfortable. The heating/Air worked very well, as we had large temperature swings during our visit.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Long term stay review after 5 months,"I have been staying here 4 nights each week for approximately 5 months now, so I think I have seen enough now to give an overall, and hopefully balanced review.  Rooms: Generally a very high standard, with good beds and bathrooms. The West wing is newer and the windows are more sound resistant, but getting to and from the rooms to lobbies and bars can be a bit of a trek. For regular business stays, try and get an East Wing room on a high floor.    Restaurant and Bar: Pretty good and a menu to suit all tastes. The sports bar is especially good for quick, informal dining and a wonderful American lady bar manager who brightens up the whole place with her cheery disposition.  Location: Excellent with good proximity to Paddington (5-10 minutes walk) and Edgware tube station (2minutes…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Carefree stay,"Breakfast was always superb 👍,got a table easily even at peak times & choices are more than enough to have a daily variety for first meal. Commendable staff, majority are lively & attentive....next time would want a room with a view😉",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Travel Experience,"Room: We stayed in a room with 2 double beds and it had plenty of extra room, including a sitting area.  It was one of the largest rooms we stayed in during our trip tip London.    Value:  Cost of the room was extremely reasonable; recommend Hilton Honors membership.   Location: Conveniently located next to the Edgware Road Underground station.  Sleep Quality: Beds were comfortable; however, air conditioning did not go below set 24 Celsius - regardless of the temperature set on the thermostat.    Cleanliness: The hotel was clean and room service was available to provide any additional amenities required throughout our stay.    Service (Front Desk / Housekeeping):  Front desk staff were very friendly and very patient with travel-worn tourists. We arrived earlier than expected and…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
2030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Jolly good time,"Had a lovely stay.  We were so happy to be able to get an early check in after flying through the night.  Pool was nice, as was the breakfast.  We had access to the Executive lounge the last two days-so fabulous.  I would have paid extra to have it the whole trip. Fantastic location.  Loved the Walker shortbread cookies they give every day",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
2031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good Location,That's about it.","Hilton Metropole needs a major renovation, my room was like the 70's everything in the room was very old and carpet had old odor. This is not the typical Hilton. I would recommend location only, is closed to paddington station and walking distance to Oxford street. Also all the furniture in the lobby is very old full of stains.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
2032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Spacious and Uplifting,I was just looking for  a modest room in a decent hotel for a short stay while on transit .I read the reviews of this hotel from Trip Advisor and thought it fitted the bill.Imagine my surprise when on getting to the reception I was told I have been upgraded to an executive room and entitled to all the privileges! I proceeded to my room on the sixth floor to find a spacious well appointed room with all the usual amenities of a good  hotel.The bathroom had a separate shower cubicle and bath with the usual complimentary toiletries.The room was kept well cleaned .Wifi was fast.My room had only a partial view of the street below. I had access to the executive lounge which served breakfast and small chops. I was however disappointed with the  breakfast fare. It was spartan and had…,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,old but strategic location,Hilton metropole is old and need  renovation but the location is very strategic  near the most London attractions . the executive suites is bigger a little bit and includes executives lounge free breakfast not too much variety and the lounge is open from 7 am till 11 pm,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
2034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stayed two nights on business early April 2017,"Booked two meeting rooms and three hotel  nights in two rooms for interviews for business.  Generally pleasant hotel in easy reach of Paddington with huge name and therefore a lot to live up to.   Check in took 50 mins despite me having prepaid and have printed booking confirmation. They had no record of my second nights booking of two rooms!  Eventually sorted, and I established that it was my fault as I had booked a complete package with the conference dudes (and paid their invoice when THEY sent it to me). I should have booked the meeting rooms first then have booked the accommodation separately as I was told the two departments do not necessarily liaise with each other!!!! - Utter rubbish - they just wanted me to feel it was my fault - this compounded my anger.  The room was…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
2035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Insist on room in new tower locations,Overall very good experience but older rooms are dated dull and very small.  Rooms in new blocks are gorgeous. Excellent breakfast with lots of variety.  Hotel is spotless and rooms are very well serviced.  Great gift shop which is not very usual in hotel lobbies. Great drinks in lobby. Safe area and opposite Edgeware Road tube station. Excellent lebanese and iranian food on Edgeware road.,Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Service,"We had a an absolutely fantastic 5 days in the Hilton Metropole.  The service could not have exceeded our expectations more.  The front desk person that checked us in was one of the most genuine, helpful persons we have encountered in her role.  The cleaning staff went out of their way to make our stay memorable and the concierge saved us hours with his suggestions.  With Tube stations right next door to the hotel and a neighborhood of ethnic restaurants and delicious patisseries,  I cannot think of a more convenient hotel as a ""base camp"" in London.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
2037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and price for a London visit,"We chose the Hilton Metropole based on convenience and price.  Located close to a tube station, it was very convenient for getting around this large city.  The room was clean and comfortable and we got the three single bed option we asked for.  The surrounding neighbourhood was a surprise though, with a great selection of restaurants within easy walking distance and a MS Food market right across the street.  A good value and we would choose it again if we were going to London.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Celebration award ,"Stayed at the Hilton metropolitan for a works event then stayed another night to enjoy London.  The  hotel it's self was nice but nothing special the room was clean but a bit dated. We had a great view from our room, the room top bar is a must see especially at night as the view is amazing. Breakfast was good plenty of choice but a bit busy, the drinks at the bar were overpriced but found a nice pub around the corner. ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Satisfactory,"Every thing is perfect except   the bed may need some adjustment, otherwise the service team is so kind,location is in vital area, nearby to famous touristic destinations, tube and bus station are in front of the hotel and  breakfast is great ! ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location location location,"4 miles off the bottom of the M1 and parking facilities make this hotel very good choice, together with being minutes from the underground, you have access to all of London. The facilities and overall finish  give visitors a 1st class experience. Not cheap but for special occasions a must.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"If you're looking for a nice hilton hotel, stay away from this one!","Oh dear. Lets see - awful, old, tired rooms - And we stayed in a ""executive double kingsize"", matresses are a joke - unless you enjoy sleeping on cardboard - If so, bring earplugs if you want to get any sleep, road is really really loud all night long, terrible service, Oh and expect the lounge to be a creepy dark hole with unfriendly ladies ignoring you, unless you're male and over 40, they will make an extra effort (tips!)   To the customer service/social media team who is responsible for replying to these reviews  - Don't bother. I read through every single comment and you always have the same,prepared, standard comments. If somebody is telling you how terrible your lounge is you think you're clever by trying to distract from that with a comment about the great location! If…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
2042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lived up to the Hilton brand expectation,"Amazing hotel. Amazing experience staying in the Hampton Suite. Amazing staff and my girlfriend was EXTREMELY overwhelmed by it all. Will return here in a heartbeat!   Location is great, 10 minute walk to the infamous Hyde Park, perfect for a nice Spring/Summer time stroll.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
2043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here,Very poor service overall. breakfast is a circus and food of a very low standard would not stay here again. Hotel is too big and has lost any sort of personal service. Bathroom has poor pressure and looking very tired with parts missing on the sink.,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
2044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Randeree family,The worst holiday experience in the uk my kids were very disappointed that they had to sleep in a separate building from me and the kid's ages we're 9 and 11 .wifi was the worst I've ever had .bedrooms we're unacceptable ,Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
2045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, amazing staff","Had a great weekend in this hotel with 7 other girlfriends. Arrived at the hotel at 9am to be told our rooms were ready and we had an adjoining room. Great news when it came to sharing our prosecco! Rooms were great, large, fresh and clean. Staff were very accommodating. Preparing late night drinks in a very welcoming bar.  Hotel walking distance from Paddington and easy to get to the centre via trains, buses and cabs. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,city stay,"Got an upgrade to  newly refurbished room upon check in. spacious room and a comfy bed. Good choice of restaurants and bars within the hotel, also walking distance to shops and public transport. Great hotel for a city break",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms just need a little update,Stayed here twice now and will definitely stay again. Staff are lovely and can't do enough for you. All the communal areas within the hotel are spotless and look immaculate however the actual hotel rooms themselves do need a little update to bring in line with the rest of the hotel. Our last room was clean but the chair was very worn there were marks on the mirror and lighting was poor. The bathroom certainly needed some TLC. When it came to breakfast the actual dining room was full so we were taken downstairs which was being used for the overspill. Breakfast was lovely with plenty of choice. The hotel is in a fab location it is within walking distance of Oxford street and just a 2 minute walk to the tube.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel not far from the center ,"A good compromise between cost, services and location.  Not far from Paddington station and right in front of Circle and Bakerloo lines.  Room are very good, clean with a little bathroom but it serves perfectly the purpose.  Buffet breakfast it's huge and good. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
2049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Friendly, excellent amenities, great location","Deceptively large hotel with staff extremely friendly and accommodating, always made to feel welcome. Manned by plenty of staff as well, especially at breakfast which is different to some other Hiltons I've stayed in. Rooms are ideally sized with many newly refurbished. Great amenities with multiple lounges, pool, steam and sauna rooms and gym. Location is ideal with lots of tube lines served by Edgware Rd stations 2 mins walk; Kings Cross and Oxford Circus 4 stops away. Plenty of local shops. A continually excellent experience at a very reasonable price for a London hotel.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
2050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family visit,Good position near the underground station - Edward Rd. But you have to walk almost 2 Kilometers but its ok anyway this kind of trips you need to walk all the day and enjoy the wether and the GB As will  ,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
2051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good,I like the smoking rooms and ligshen of the hotel and ligshen and also the serves of  the staaf so I advise my friend or any one to stay  at Hilton Motrpool in my mind it's the best  hotel in London every thangs well be near you.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
2052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large, but welcoming and professional","Just a brisk 10 min walk from Paddington, and almost on top of Edgware Road tube station, this is actually a good location. The old neighbourhood is so-so, but take a walk round the back by the canals and you discover a completely new and modern area with cool cafes along the canal. Very nice change from the busy Edgware road! Hotel is good standard Hilton, very large actually with different towers and multiple elevators, so keep track of where you live :-). Good sportsbar and whisky-bar.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"good hotel, ok location (not much around), rooms (mostly) small","This is a good business (and family) hotel, but certainly not great or exceptional. Although convenient to some local businesses and Paddington station, there really is not that much to speak of for the location of the Hilton. On checking into the hotel, I was informed this hotel is the largest in London (and presumably in Britain). While that translates into a significant number of services (24 hour room service, indoor pool, several restaurants and bars), the size of the hotel really means that the experience in the common areas is quite frenetic - especially at breakfast. While many of the rooms are small and somewhat dated (particularly in the East Wing), my West Wing room was a little bit larger, although not exceptionally large and not exactly exciting. That said, it is…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
2054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy and Convenient Hotel,Located near Paddington and opposite Edgeware Road Tube station.   It is a busy hotel.   The signage to the different towers is clear.  For a great view over London  visit the bar on the 23 floor.  The rooms are comfortable.  I had a twin and it was not a big room but i did not mind as it was also quiet. ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent service bad location tiny room,"London is changing!  It's not my first time to the Hilton Metropole in Edgware Road and the area was never like it is now - an Arab land!  The hotel is still very friendly with the most amazing breakfast, but the room is too small way too small.  All together I had to give the Hotel only 3 stars as the great service and breakfast just nearly compensated for the surrounding and the too small of a guest room!!",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
2056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location.","This is a lovely, well appointed hotel, in a really great location.  It's perfect for a short stay in London as its a 5-10 minute walk from Paddington Station (where you get off the Heathrow Express). The location means you can have your bags stowed and be off out into London within half an hour of leaving the airport. It's also right next to four tube lines, so you can get anywhere in the city cheaply and easily. We had a renovated room in the tower which was quiet, well equipped and modern. There's lovely service from all the staff, and the ground floor has a convenient little shop that's part Starbucks part gourmet snack shop. ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Service from a great Hotel,"This is a prime example of a well run, exceptionally well mannered staff and a perfect location where everything is perfect.   The room was perfect in size with two queen beds, we spoke with Sergio at Guest relations before we arrived and explained our requirements and it took care of us as soon as we arrived. A real credit to the hotel.   As travelling with two children we went to visit the pool for a little while which was the perfect temperature and not too busy. The lifeguard here was also very well mannered and just took care of us the way you should.   The wi-fi was perfect throghout the hotel,  Food. Normally we would not eat in the hotel but decided we would try it this time and we were so glad that we did. Alin took care of us here and was again was an asset to the…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
2058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"I stayed with my boyfriend for three nights. The room we stayed at was pretty much basic, but it was on the 18th floor so my view every morning balanced all the imperfections out. Hilton employees are amazing, all very friendly and helpful. Here are my pros and cons lists:  LIKES -I especially enjoyed the view, gives you a great first impression of the city before actually exploring it. -The beds are very inviting and comfy. -The shower with hot water at all times is also amazing, your showers can last as long as you want. -And my personal favourite, the breakfast. I could certainly get used to eating like this every morning. HUGE variety of all kinds of breakfast food,both sweet and savory, such as cheese. -The location of the hotel, very central so it's easy to move around…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hit and Miss, just about worth the price, but no more.","A quick hop to London for a meeting, the need to be close to Oxford St but not at premium rates and with good transport connections, I chose the Hilton Metropole on the Edware Road. Just about 100m from the entrance of the metro, so quite convenient, plus only 800m to Marble Arch and Oxford St. The welcome warm and friendly and the check in experience was the most pleasant one of any other service during my stay. The receptionist was professional, courteous and answered all my questions prior to the key issuing. The lobby was busy, airport terminal busy.  It's a big hotel, so not much in the way of hospitality from then on. The lounge areas were full, as indeed was the bar when I passed. It felt like a large waiting area in a departures lounge to be honest. However, it obviously…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
2060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel with quiet rooms and good service,"This hotel is walking distance of Paddington station, which is nice after a long trip and arriving via the Heathrow express. The hotel is huge. There is usually a line at the front desk but it does tend to move quickly. The hotel is taking advantage of Hilton's technology initiatives, which makes things faster for those in the know. We needed two beds, so we received an older room, but it was very clean and comfortable. The tub was hard for an older person to climb into, so if mobility is an issue, ask for a room with a shower only, which the newer rooms have. The gym is tight, and also used by the public, so it can get busy. The pool was out of service, but the sauna was nice and hot. The executive lounge is comfortable and large. The hotel isn't particularly central, but the…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel,"Nice rooms, good size, clean. Good location location ideal for visiting london as only a short work or tube ride to oxford street. I wouldnt recommend the restaurants if you have a food allergy as staff did not seem to care making breakfast a waste of money",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
2062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"best value at the Metropole Hilton. The service was perfect and the hotel staff were great. The bar staff are pleasant and professional. the room was clean and the view was to die for. The waiters in the restaurant were very knowledgeable  about the British food and also very knowledgeable about wines to choose and complement your food. The Dessert were heavenly and not for those whom are watching the waist-line,",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Meh,"Clean room, but late check-in. Update: After staying at the hotel a bit longer, I am updating my review. To sum up our experience in one word, ""Meh"". It wasn't a bad stay, but it wasn't great either. One the one hand, breakfast was pretty good. On the other hand, the cleaning staff removed unused hygiene items from our room (items we brought with us). The breakfast was good enough but our room faced a police station (lots of sirens). The location is good, and the wifi not bad either, but the pool is small and there was a strong smell of mildew in the locker room (plus, no hot tub). Nothing makes me say, ""Don't stay here"" but at the same time, I'm not excited about it. Would I stay again? Sure, but maybe not at the same price.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
2064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Book an executive room. Excellent benefits.,"Book an executive room. Excellent benefits.   If you do, you get access to the executive suite and all your drinks and nibbles are free. We indulged in several glasses of Prosecco, beers and saved dining out on two nights. The executive rooms are also well-appointed and breakfasts are good. Highly recommended, if you pay a little extra.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,my stay,"my stay was vary between happy and not , because this hotel has three level of Towers and the rate is very high . I hope next time have a good stay with good room . Bath room needs to renew taps and remove this old stile .",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, not the best room.",Nice Hotel. Stayed here with my husband and daughter. The room we stayed in this time was quite tired and in need of refurbishment. The carpets were pretty stained. Have previously stayed in other rooms in this hotel which were lovely. Breakfast was great tho. ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lat stay,"I have stayed here twice and the staff is rude. As a diamond member, I was put in the old wind, with stains on the carpet and garbage on the patio. I dined at the hotel restaurant, my order was wrong the first time, and after they delivered the second dish, I never saw anyone again. My first experience was not any better and I would recommend staying at one of the many other Hilton properties in London for your stay.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent two night stay. ,"The executive lounge staff ensured a smooth arrival, ensured my requests for room type and location were met. All credit to Shadi and the wider team.   Nice large bed and just 10 yards from the pool/gym facing the quiet end of Harbet St.   Slept well, enjoyed breakfast and was ready for an incredibly busy day. Looking forward to a relaxed breakfast tomorrow and a smooth checkout before returning in 2 days time with my family for a short break.   Room 237/6 are near pool, executive lounge and are very quiet. ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good room, good location, big. ","I stayed here for one night for some meetings nearby and quite liked it.  The room was well furnished although not large, it was quiet (17th floor in the tower) and the hotel has all the usual facilities.    Its so big that it borders on impersonal but just skates on the acceptable side.   I'd cheerfully stay again. ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge busy overpriced hotel in good location,"Huge busy hotel in very good location (perfect connection to Heathrow via Paddington, right at a tube station, close to Hyde park), room size OK for London, dirty old fashioned windows, partially old smelly rooms. Breakfast worst ever - queues up to 20 minutes, crowded, stressed staff, poor choice of food.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
2071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disgusting First room,"My daughters paid £165 for night stay here for my birthday/Mother's Day present.they booked through booking .com , week before arriving Hilton took payment even though they opted for payment on arrival. we were given our room in the old part of hotel , disgusting dark dingy, outdated, old light switches , awful. Travellodge would have been a better standarded, and cheaper  Went down to reception to complain and we're told to move room we would have to pay further £70 but then said they would let us have it for £50 extra. I myself wanted money back to go book somewhere else, but was told money would take 7-10 days to get back . So my daughters agreed to pay if room was a better one. To be fair 2nd room was much nicer but still not worth £215 for a night . View was of building…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
2072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay in London,"Hotel is close to Paddington station reachable by walk, good connection to city centre with underground, rooms in upper floors are nice and clean, beds very comfortable, breakfast is varied and tasteful, staff was very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,"Brilliant hotel very close to two tube stations, M&S opposite and great selection of restaurants nearby. Staff very polite  and polished obviously very well trained. Lifts to top floors are incredible, 10 seconds to get to our 14th floor wad quite an experience. Breakfast was well organised by the staff hut avoid busy sessions. Highly recommended. We were in the refurbished tower wing and the rooms are great and good value if you book plenty in advance.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It was ok - As expected,"We stayed at the Hilton Metropole and it was as expected really. The room was ok, very clean and a nice walk in shower. The only real negative experience was breakfast, I think they had an event on and we felt shoved into a side room because the main restaurant was busy which is shame.  All in all though is a nice hotel advertised with a gym and pool but they are very small for a hotel that size",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location and service,"The room has two queen size beds with a sofa bed. All of us (my wife, two kids, and me) liked it a lot.  The location is close to all the attactions and 10 minutes walk to paddington train station and it easy to take bus or call a Uber driver as well.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Convenient, Nice Large Hotel Next to Tube and Paddington","My family and stayed for 2 nights at the end of our UK trip in one room.  We picked this hotel since it was so convenient to Paddington Station.  We came into Paddington and took Paddington with the Heathrow Express to the airport when we departed.  It was quite convenient for our purposes.  Located just north of Hyde Park, it was close to the Kensington area and an easy Tube ride to almost everywhere.  The hotel is a high rise with several towers.  It is a large property and is very much like an American large city hotel.  We had a family room with 2 queen beds.  The room was quite spacious and even had a sitting area.  The beds were comfortable.  The bathroom was as expected with a typical standard British/European shower.  You know, the hand-held shower head that barely spits…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely Stay,"This hotel is great, it is in a great location very close to public transport and walking distance from many sightseeing locations.  I checked in online and when we arrived one of our rooms had been upgraded, to upgrade the other we had to pay £20 per night, (not sure if this was a money making scheme!!) which we decided to do as we felt one of us would have missed out! We were on the 19th Floor and the view was amazing. The rooms was a great size and had everything required for a comfortable stay.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole Made it Right !!!,"Excellent Service, Hotel Staff was very friendly & helpful. My kids loves interacting with the hotel staffs at Metropole London Hilton. (Special mention to : Mustafa Nabil, Juliet, Mandip & Maria). Good Job for Making it Right for your visitors !!!",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The room is a _shame_ for the whole chain.,"Staying at the hotel during 26.-28.03. (room 1004) - Naturally I understood, by extensive experience, that the service standars in many London hotels are some times low compared to other European cities but still this was surprising. I have stayed at Hilton hotels around the world, and also frequently at all of the Hiltons in my home counry Finland, where Hiltons are always top quality and I have always enjoyed an excellent experience! This time I faced a big dissappointment. The room is very small, the TV made just a weird buzzing sound when I walked in, the minibar (empty) is not even cool even for your own drinks, the bathtub side is so old and worn that it should be taken down and replaced! It looks just terrible. The bathtub has no plug, so that guests can't take a bath…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
2080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,They made it right," Positives: they will make it right as per there motto.  We were given two rooms- the new building has great rooms but the room had no view-No complaints on this.  The second room in old tower was on not renovated-awful!   We requested move and were given 1410 in old building; renovated and fabulous view.  Thank you.  Loved Tommy Z our server from Germany in the Whiskey bar.  Nice intimate atmosphere.  Bar at the top had great view but one drink was enough-no atmosphere.  Very diverse neighborhood but with exception of good quality fast food & a couple pubs you should probably favor middle eastern dining.  Convenient to the tube.  Maps are deceptive as it is a hike, tube or cab/bus to the tourists sites.  We had a good experience but would stay more centrally next visit.  This…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel - updated common areas, excellent friendly staff",We picked this hotel due to its proximity to Paddington and the tube for a three night stay and we were not disappointed.  Every employee we encountered was friendly and helpful.  The hotel rooms were older and updated - with our only concern the height of the sidewall of the bathtub\shower combo with a poorly placed door-stop.  We can't speak to the restaurant at the hotel - we attempted to use it upon arrival and we were told it was closed for a private party - but there are plenty of options along Praed.  We also found a reasonably priced self-service laundry nearby.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Place - Great Sleep,"Really a nice hotel - I slept great. I also ate two meals there and was pleasantly surprised - delicious!  Two downsides -It is a bit expensive -The fitness center is sub par. For a big hotel, with a big name, they need to have a bigger fitness center!",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What to say,Ok guys this is not a Hilton. This is an old Hilton if you want to feel the 80s or 70s cold war era.Rooms are small  Close to airport and major metro hubs.   Nothing much to say. Gym area is fair.     Restaurant on the lobby area.,Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fun place to stay!,"We enjoyed our week long stay!  There were four of us on a family vacation, and we enjoyed the food, the pool, and being very near a subway stop. This seems to be an older but well maintained hotel!  One tip- time your breakfast as there is occasionally a crowd, or travel with an executive with access to a separate area for breakfast, tea time, and happy hour!",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Centrally located in London ,This hotel is located in Paddington in the junction between Euston Road and Edgware Road. A 10 min walk away from Oxford Street on Marble Arch side.   The hotel is massive and it's build with function in mind. And it works.  Room is good sized at least the superior room I stayed in in. Big screen TV.  Comfortable beds and minibar.   The bathroom is small but have a deep bathtub and a shower the water hardly come out of.  Room is clean. Service is good.   consierge desk with Mohamed is really good and can solve your need with a smile. He helped me with tickets where all other options was sold out. ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very fast and excellent service ,The hotel located in edgware road very close to oxford street . Big amount of restaurant around the hotel . underground is two or three minutes walking from the hotel . I like the behavior of the staff. Very good hotel for business and holiday.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,`Excellent stay with great Gin Tonic experience´,"We stayed for a long weekend and enjoyed ourself a lot. We got one of the new renovated rooms which was very clean, comfortable and the bathroom was amazing.  The location is great and easy to get into central London with bus or tube.  We´ve spent one night in the hotel bar and got a great recommendation from the Barkeeper Tommy Zick. Thanks a lot for this great Gin Tonic experience and the perfect service. We´ll surely come back",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A pleasant stay & a very helpful staff member especially!,"A pleasant stay can never be pleasant without the quality of service provided by the hotel. I would like to mention Ameeta from the magic department in making my stay even more memorable and positive. She has been always been tremendously helpful and prompt in assisting me and my family. She has always made sure we receive the best service and has always been available for us. Additionally she is very sweet and kind!  REGARDS,  Erum Shakil",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy hotel,"Standard hotel in Edgware road ...close to the tube..Rooms are very small, even after a remodeling....Bathrooms are specially small.....Lounge for frequent guests has no atmosphere at all....Staff is friendly but premises are outdated",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
2090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A wonderful stay,"This was a great hotel, with amazing staff! It is super close to all the tourist attractions. Getting a taxi was always easy, at all times of the day. Also located right on a Tube station. All in all a very convenient stay!",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business trip conference ,"Good location to the tube. Helpful stuff. The rooms are good, silent, clean, bed was great. The Restaurants are good but food was average . Quite crowded breakfast but good food on breakfast.  Neighborhood was not too attractive for a walk, but few stations away are all the London attractions. For conference it was great location and conference facility was great, logistics around hotel and service great! I would come back for business.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Customer Service - Great Location,Staff are welcoming and accommodating. Great rooms and outstanding services. Breakfast is the best in whole London. Across the street bus and train stations. Executive lounge services are awesome!  We went there a scond time with all the family . Wonderful stay great service we thank you all. we used a lot of services of the hotel and we enjoyed each one of them!!! we are waiting for our next stay at the Hilton Metropole,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent jumping off point for all things London.,"-Easy access from airport .... its fast from LHR to hotel via Heathrow Express and walk from Paddington. -Edgware Road tube station is right outside the hotel and provides ready access to all of London -Nice, American sized rooms -Food was good at Executive Lounge and main restaurant -Indoor pool and workout facility is adequate -It seemed to be a good mix of business travelers and families.   -This hotel is huge and somewhat impersonal.    I would stay here again on a return trip to London",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor service experience,"Unfortunately myself and my friend felt like due to our age, we did not receive the same level of staff as others. The hotel stay was for my 22nd birthday and I don't think I will be returning to receive the same experience.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
2095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel, reasonable price, good access to central London","Room well appointed and bathroom had obviously been refurbished recently but nothing special say 3.5. We had a deal that included breakfast that was reasonable price for this close to central London again 3.5. There are two Edgware Road tube stations within 400 yards of the hotel entrance. On the Bakerloo line it is four stops to Oxford Circus, say 12 mins. The other station serves the Circle and District lines for South Kensington or Euston (Museums & parks). So 4 for access. However there is very little in the way of restaurants near the hotel so you will need to travel into Soho (Piccadilly Circus) for food (or eat in the hotel). ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,great stay,second time at the hilton this time with all the family . wonderful stay great service we thank you all. we used a lot of services of the hotel and we enjoyed each one of them!!! we are waiting for our next stay at the hilton metropole,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really enjoyed our stay!,"No complaints, happy with amenities and hotel bar prices not dissimilar to those of surrounding bars & restaurants. Ideally situated for exploring London. Room was clean with a good view and a comfortable bed.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dependable Quality and very high standards,"This is my preferred hotel in central London, it is ideally located for easy access to most parts of the city. From check in to departure the staff are friendly curteous and helpfull.  Very understanding for internatioal travellers who sometimes get in early, they make every effort to get you checked in early unlike some hotels.  The breakfast at hilton is exceptional and the standard is uniform across the brand. The rooms are clean with very comfortable beds. Equally excellent for the business traveller, families or short breaks. Highly recommended",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay @Hilton Metropole,"Stayed in Hilton for a business trip to London for 7 nights. Early checking and Hilton honors program was a definite plus. Rooms on their tower bridge specially higher up ones give an excellent city view ( On a clear day one can even see the London Eye ) The location is a huge plus, it right on central London, oxford street is a 10 min walk. One can even walk to the Palace or Westminster. The food is excellent and service impeccable. I faced slight problem with the heating otherwise no hassles at all. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor service and consequences for checking in late!,"In short: don't check in late or face the consequence.  Myself & a bunch of friends had planned a trip to London to see Harry Potter and the cursed child and decided we'd stay somewhere nice - choosing the Hilton over a premier inn / Travelodge. As we were on a tight schedule we attempted to check in at 1pm but as the hotel was busy we left our luggage in a room and carried on to the first part of Harry Potter at the west end. When we returned from our day at the theatre we attempted to check in. To find there was a ""problem with our room"". We were asked to come back 20 minutes later and the room would have been prepared ready for us. This was at 11pm. Who doesn't have a room ready at 11pm for their guests to check in?  The problem was that the Hilton had sold our room. But…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good overnight location with refurbished rooms and (very) early check-in,"Had a meeting in Park Lane and a city dinner so the Metropole's proximity to one and the other via the Tube won out over my usual overnight Marriott Grosvenor Square or St Pancras.  I think what really impressed me was the friendly, welcoming receptionist who greeted me at 0715 with an immediate early check in and upgrade. The high level refurbished room was brilliant with views over West London (and the rear of Paddington Green nick!). Vouchers for bottles of water were also provided.Bathroom is small but well equipped with reasonable toiletries.  Good breakfast buffet with wide choice including a do-it-youself waffle machine which appeared to fascinate some Saudi children. Very good value and great service",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend trip,"This Hotel can only be described as perfect.First class accomodation, excellent staff friendly and efficent.my husband myself and grandaughter went for a weekend stay and would certainly stay here if spending another weekend in London.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mundane uninspiring and decidedly average!,Early check in which was good Clean big  bedroom room Bathroom big and a tribute to the 90s! Aircon not effective despite calling twice for the engineer. Feels a dreary soulless hotel. Exec lounge is very mundane and drab. Won't be staying again as far nicer hotels in same price bracket for a week Day stay.,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
2104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable break at Hilton Metropole,"A lovely 3 night stay sightseeing and visiting family. We had an executive room on the third floor with easy access to the executive lounge on the second floor.  Room was good although slightly tired in places, bed was huge and extremely comfortable. The exec lounge was great for us as we were out all day and didn't go out at night. Used the lounge for snacks and drinks and to be honest this probably saved us a lot of money. You do pay more for these rooms but it's worth it if you are too tired to go out again. Also had continental breakfast in the lounge and the quality was great with plenty of variety can fruit, cereals, meats, bread, croissants etc. The public bar looked good although we didn't use it and the staff were very helpful and friendly.  A large hotel in a good…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Ribs,"Just had a two day symposium here and I have to say the staff were all fantastic. The hotel sprawls across three distinct buildings. The East and West wing and the Tower which houses the SkyBar. The food in the restaurant was superb, especially the full rack of ribs. A nice touch was the chief coming out to ask if we enjoyed our meals. I will be coming back here for special occasions as the quality of food and the cost was awesome.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good but only at the price I paid,"Got this hotel as part of a sale deal on Hilton. Staff were fantastic and the public areas were great, nice bar near the lobby. A bit of a queue at reception but as an Honours member was dealt with quickly. The rooms are being renovated and the one I was in clearly hadn't been done, but the bed was extremely comfortable. Breakfast was amazing with a massive range of hot and cold food but expect to queue for a table. I'd say a great stay but not worth the full asking price. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A good hotel but it can be pricey,I stay here many times - always try and get an upgrade to exec rooms - nice exec lounge - down side they don't like kids in there especially when they have the free booze on.  Its one of the better exec lounges in London good for business  A lot of money has been spent doing up the foyer and bar - good selection of whiskys - very expensive bar,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,Lovely hotel with very friendly staff. Plenty to eat and drink in the hotel with a whisky lounge aswell. You must visit floor 23 for stunning views during the day and brilliant to see London lit at night. When we arrived  we were given a better room which was great. Booking in was made simple and the quick checkout even easier.  ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms Tired,The room is not what I have come to expect from the Hilton chain. It was poorly maintained and tired. The sink plug was broken and peeling paint in the bathroom. The television remote was patchy at best.,Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
2110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It was acceptable in the 90s...,"First impression were good: the public areas are modern and stylish, with lots of bustle. When the lift opened, I got a shock.  The carpet and decor on the corridor looked straight out of the 1990s.  The room was no different, with bland decor, a worn panel in the bathroom and an empty mini bar covered in sticky notices. The view over the motorway flyover was equally uninspiring.  The TV picture and sound stopped every few seconds.   The room was a good size and quiet, apart from the distant rumble of the motorway traffic below and, despite the rather thin and creaky bed, I slept well. WiFi was free and good but the breakfast was quite limited for the £18 charged.  The location is close to the tube and lots of local services, but so are lots of London hotels, many of which have…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
2111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice comfy beds ,Stayed here with 6 others in family. Good location. Staff very welcoming pleasant and helpful. Pool looked lovely but didn't get time to use it. Beds were huge and really comfy. Great breakfast as usual from Hilton's ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very nice Hotel , very easy access to tube!!!!","This hotel is fantastic, two seconds from Edgeware rd tube station, so link to centre very easy! from front desk, cleanliness of room, bar, choice of breakfast, baggage staff, amazing and delicious meal in the restaurant & very friendly and helpful staff through out the hotel, nothing was a bother to any of them. i will be back and i will be recommending your hotel to everyone who wishes to stay in London",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Week in London with family,"A great experience at this hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Clean room, good wi-fi, good breakfast and overall facilities. While the location is a bit off, good access to underground. Overall a great experience!",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"mixed experience: good common area, room was disappointing","very conveniently situated, 15 min walk from Oxford Streed and just few minutes from Paddington station, this hotel has great common areas, from the lobby to the gymn and SPA, but the room was small, seemed to be out of 80's and smell of smoke, it was the Tower Wing, 11th floor.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
2115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Would not stay again! ,"I checked in after a long wait in the queue, only to have my room smell incredibly fusty, as if someone had been smoking. I complained and paid the upgrade fee to a new room, where I got upstairs and my key didn't work. I had to go back down to the concierge, who then escorted me upstairs and let me in and said he would send up new keys. However, when we got inside we noticed carpet stains and the room again smelled of damp. He escorted me back downstairs and Hilton kindly waived the upgrade fee and put me in a superior room where the keys thankfully worked and there was no damp! However, the beds were not what I would expect of a 4star Hilton property!! I would not recommend this hotel and give it 2 stars only because the staff were so understanding and helpful!! ",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
2116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastico,Tommy in the bar is the best. Great guy! Awesome! We had a nice evening and he looked after us and chatted away. Superman.. Best wishes for your future. Hotel is good... Service is better than the quality of the rooms,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Conferanc,"Attended for a full day conference. The facilities were very good, appropriate sized room for the 500 or so attendees and room well presented with a very positive and professional stage set up.  The area used for coffees and lunch was very spacious and very well laid out - no bunching of people around the coffee pots here! Continental pastries looked amazing, fab fruits for mid morning break and lunch excellent choices both hot, cold, sandwiches, salads etc and amazing looking mini puds!   It's a huge vast hotel immaculate inside with a variety of dining and bar areas also.   5 min walk from Edgware road tube but you do have to cross v v busy roads but there are pedestrian crossings.   Very ugly concrete building and very few decent shops anywhere near you - but great for…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing value,We stayed for 2 nights the end of February. We had booked a superior suite with two queen beds with breakfast. We arrived around midday and the room was ready for us to drop off our bags and hit the streets. The breakfast is amazing and with something for everyone would be hard to beat. The rooms were spotless and hotel staff very friendly. Hope to stay again in July.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great  location,"The location  was great. You can take the bus no.6 operating 24 and go to the regent street, oxford circus and so on without the need to use the tube. Rooms are quite small. The bed is confortable. The brekfast is so-so. Pls be aware that they want to  extra charge for an omelete or pan cakes or wafles. I think it is a shame , since an all Hilton hotels there are out of charge for granted. Cleanning was just good and thecondition of  furniture of the room was just above average.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,All good,"The check in and out were easy and effective, the room was good (everything you need). It is worth signing up to Hilton Honours to get the free wi-fi.  Breakfast was good, relaxed and good quality. I will certainly return.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
2121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Karen,"Nice hotel ,room to hot need to sort out air con ,to hot to sleep ,Breakfast good .leisure facility very good ,staff always polite  had a very nice strawberry dacari in bar  .closebto underground and ten minute walk to Marble Arch .",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Lovely hotel, great breakfast choice. 5 minutes walk to Marble Arch, opposite from Edgeware Road underground station. Clean rooms, friendly staff. Indoor pool which was great, would stay here again if staying in London ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend of 2 halves,Arrived at the hotel and got greeted with prebooked prosecco and strawberries in the room which was fantastic. Then when we got into bed that night with booking a kingsize bed we discovered one of the mattresses had lost its springs with a big rip in the duvet aswell not good. We were tired and asked if reception would do something in the morning was told to pack up and we would be moved rooms. The new room was great except for the smell on the hotel floor. The attitude of reception was a little abrupt and not all that friendly. Yet bar and restaurant staff could not fault them. Lovely food and drinks in the main bar area. Great location but reception need to be more friendly.,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Extremely tired rooms I have ever seen at the Hilton Hotel group ,"The hotel lobby was nice and the staff were friendly and helpful. I have booked a King Suite and as I expected as usual from Hilton, the room should be grand and nice. Once I got the key and went up to room 729 (last room at the corridor), it was the most disappointed room that I ever have from Hilton. The attached pictures are self explanatory and it was 280 GBP per night and booked and prepaid 3 weeks in advance. Really don't recommend to stay in this hotel.  I really don't get it where the 5 stars come from !!!",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
2125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expected a better bed for price paid.,"Beautiful hotel lobby, well located, friendly staff and uncomfortable beds (ours might have been broken, room 702 if I'm not mistaken).  We had just got off a very long flight from Brazil to London and all we wanted was good food and a comfortable bed to sleep in, but the bed was just very uneven and uncomfortable.  I did read the reviews before booking the hotel and even though I saw quite a few bad reviews I thought Hilton wouldn't let me down because of how good our previous stay at Hilton Glasgow was.  It is a good hotel overall but a good bed makes a huge difference. Had I known this before I would have stayed elsewhere.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired Room,"Public parts of the hotel are good but the rooms are tired. Our room had dirty carpet, a bed which was propped up with two pieces of wood at the bottom of the bed as one leg was missing, it had threadbare furniture, dirty, chipped skirting boards, holes in the curtains, no heating so the room was freezing, windows which you couldn't open but which didn't fit in the frames properly so the wind whistled through them making the room very cold. The bathroom was freezing cold, with no heating at all, the towel rail was switched off with no way of controlling it in the room. The shower didn't work properly, there was mold in the shower cubicle, the bath was chipped and the tap over the sink was limed up and grubby. Housekeeping didn't come to our room until nearly 5pm to make the bed…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
2127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large busy hotel close to tube station, good for visitors to London","The hotel is deceptively large due to its layout.  I has a lot of rooms and as a result can get quiet busy with people queuing for a table for breakfast or even to check in.  The rooms are standard, and the prices are London prices so it is not a budget hotel.  Staff are helpful.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
2128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Slightly impersonal London hotel,This is a very large London hotel with a great location. Paddington station around the corner and multiple Underground stations on the other side of the road. This hotel has everything you can expect of a Hilton hotel at this location. It is reasonably up to date and the rooms are spacious if you compare it to most London hotels. The problem is that it is a factory. No real feeling and you become very anonymous as a guest. It works great as a business hotel but for any other occasion there are better alternatives.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel,"I stayed here for 3 nights in the west tower on business. The location is good, staff are friendly. I was staying in a room in the west tower. I couldn't open a window and the A/C didn't work other than to heat the room, so I was roasting in the evening when trying to sleep. Breakfast was good but there was a huge queue daily which meant breakfast couldn't be a quick bite to eat, that said, the staff worked so hard to turn tables around and get everyone in.  One thing that bothered me about the room was the fact that there was no shoe shine pad or an of the other handy items you normal get in hotel rooms. I'm sure it'd cost the hotel next to nothing to supply.  I'd stay again, but I'd book room only and have breakfast at one of the many cafe's and coffee shops on Edgeware Road,…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Value for money on any level,"The rooms do not reflect the marketed brand of Hilton Hotels. They are more than basic, in fact, you would probably be better in a Premier Inn or Travelodge! Breakfast was chaotic and having hundreds of people arriving and eating at the same time meant endless queues and lack of availability of food. The cleanliness of the restaurant resulting from this left a lot to be desired. I would not recommend this hotel for business or friends.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ideal location for overnight stay in London ,"Stayed at the Metropole as it is handy for work and was having an overnight stay before Christmas.  Warning: this hotel is huge!! Very busy at check in but the queue was well managed and check in was fairly swift.  Room was in the tower and I was upgraded as I am a Hilton Honours member. Fantastic view over London and a floor below the superb cocktail bar on the top floor (well worth a visit in itself)  Room was comfortable and looked like it had been recently decorated, very clean and modern. Bathroom was a bit dated.  Hotel provides car parking at a really reasonable rate.  All in all, a good place to stay, mid range price considering location. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Okayish,"Hotel is ok, but the rooms are a bit dark and there's no way to open a window. Very MultiCulti surrounding. Breakfast is ok, but not worth the price. I'd rather have a luxury breakfast for 10€ at the corner across the street. ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
2133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tale of two halves,"Two stays at the Metropole on business in February 2017.   Both stays were fine. First trip, I was given an upgraded double room on the 13th floor of the Tower building. This room looked like it had been newly refurbished with fresh decor, carpet, new bathroom etc.   Second visit, a room on the 8th floor of the Tower. Acceptable (everything worked) but seriously tired and in need of a refurb. It was a twin and one of the beds was so badly worn that I would not have managed to sleep in it. I slept in the other, which was OK.   The mini-bars have been decommissioned in these rooms, but the twin still had the fridge, unplugged and taking up space. I think that it was there because the TV was sitting on it. The TV was also unplugged. Very green, but unusual, as I had to pull out the…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what I'd expect from a Hilton,"The hotel is nice, in the lobby.  The staff was great.  The room itself left much to be desired.  The bed was hard, felt like a futon.  The pillows had no structure and were completely flat as soon as I laid on them.  The tub was really high too.  I'm 5'7"" and it hit me at my knee.  A coworker said their shower was really small, with barely enough room to move around.  The wallpaper was peeling, and the room looked very outdated.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location For Family Holiday,When I booked this hotel it wasn't initially my first option. A little bit away from the part of London I wanted however it proved to be perfect.  Great location next door to two different tune stations on different lines. This gave us plenty of options for getting across the city easy.   Only a 15 minute walk to Oxford Street and Hyde Park meant that evenings were spent just walking and taking in the atmosphere of the area.  The room was a large family room with ample space and reasonable amenities although we hardly spent any time in it.  Took advantage of the great breakfast that was on offer with something for everyone and the kids enjoyed the fact they could keep going back for more!  Overall very pleasant stay and would definitely use the hotel again.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,I would recommend this location for those interested in sight- seeing.  It's location gives super easy access to the Tube and train.  There are several restaurants around the hotel that are easy to walk to.,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing,"Have stayed in this hotel many times over the years and have always had an enjoyable time. Alas my experience this time was not great and a bit of a shock to the system. We booked an executive room overlooking Edgeware Rd as per usual.  The first problem was the  cooling system, it made all the right noises but without the cooling! The room had no natural ventilation (windows can't be opened) and therefore  was extremely hot and stuffy. I understand that things break down from time to time and wouldn’t necessarily blame the hotel for this  - however more of a problem for us was the mattress - it was very thin, hard, uneven and extremely  squeaky -  not conducive to a good night’s sleep!  There is no excuse for a 4* hotel to have uncomfortable beds!! Another little annoyance for…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Visit of hotel,Excellent hotel clean and tidy . Staff were lovely very helpful . Swimming pool clean and warm .all in all I will be going back . Plenty bars inside and places to eat also marks and Spencer's across the road,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great room and location ,"I traveled on business by myself and booked this as it was convenient in terms of location. It's walking distance to Marylebone and Paddington stations and tubes.  I opted for the executive king room and wasn't disappointed. The executive lounge provided afternoon tea, evening drinks / snacks and breakfast.  There was a gym and pool too.  Would definitely book again. ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Massive hotel,"Staff friendly, room clean and nice and big for family room. We were on 9th floor West Wing so bit of a trek to bars and reception. Edgeware Road tube station over the road and plenty of restaurants within 10 min walk of hotel. Main negative was cold breakfast and put on small table when 5 of us Inc 3 kids.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible,"4 nights, 4 different rooms, horrible smell and large brown stains on the carpet in our room. Manager says would like to ""fix this"" sends us to hotell restaurant...better to have gone to Mc Donalds. If you want to enjoy your vacation STAY AWAY from Hilton Metropole. Worst hotel we have ever stayed in!!!!",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
2142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average ,"Feels like a low cost, a bit neglected, previously four star, back to 1985. Walking around the area feels like in a Middle East capital !  Very close to subway. If the executive rooms are in such condition I can image how the ordinary are.   ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OVERPRICED SAUNA,Just left room 775 after 3 nights of stuffy unhealthy hell ! No word of a lie all of my family will be on medication for the coming days. There is no natural ventilation in these rooms as all windows are sealed. The temperature in the rooms is roasting therefore you have to turn the air con on in February ! (In the middle of storm Doris!!!). The beds are as hard as sunloungers which come with feather pillows which are like teabags when you put your head on them honestly you need about 7 of them per person a real treat for a family of allergy sufferers! So you make complaint after complaint to some dosile 'Guest Relations' jobsworth and still nothing happens. You go outside for some fresh air because of the humidity inside only to be locked out which involves walking the entire…,Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
2144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great family room.,Taking my daughter and granddaughter to London to see 'The Lion king ' was a great adventure. A swim in the pool when we arrived was a great start. Directions and advice on what to do from the very friendly concierge was a great help. We could have done without storm Doris turning up when it was time to leave!,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Stay,"I went with my daughters. As usual we enjoyed it. My family loves the Hilton Experience - Executive Longe Access (this oNe was a little lacking in choice though)  Restaurant choices were good though. Food was lovely. Staff, friendly and welcoming",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old room sorely in need of refurbishing,"The good: Got early check in, convenient location, nice lobby area. The bad: Room was run down and carpeting worn and dirty. The cooling system did not work, it was very hot and stuffy in the room. The mini fridge did not work. Worst of all, the mattresses on the bed were very worn, and uneven. I had a king bed, but it actually had two twin mattresses in it. Really sub par for a Hilton which normally has very good beds.  Will definitely not stay again!",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Uncomfortable beds and room too hot,"I stayed here for one night with my teenage daughter, first impressions of the hotel was I thought it was very clean.  Check in was super fast through the group check in desk (was part of a theatre coach trip)  Our room had 2 single beds, a desk/dressing table with a large mirror plus a full length mirror by the bathroom, also there was a large fridge in the room.  The bathroom looked as though it needed refurbishing desperately, the bath panel was falling off and the bath was very small.  Our beds were very uncomfortable and very very firm, they also creaked every time we moved.  The air conditioner seemed to work (it made all the right noises) but even with the boost button pressed there was no cold air coming out, as we were on the 11th floor we couldn't open the window so…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"Great location close to central london and makes airport, train stations and all of London easy to get to with Edgware tube station across the road Outside of building is hideous but who cares as you dont spend outside.  Inside the lobby and rooms have all been given a revamp and it shows Much better than it used to be I found all the staff really attentive and certainly ensured i got served quickly and with a smile Didnt try to gym or other amenities so cant comment. Greta business hotel",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good,"I recently stayed at Hilton London Metropole. We had a wonderful stay during our weekend trip in June. The room was very comfortable and had all the amenities we needed in addition to an amazing view.  Perfect location in my opinion, short walking distance to Paddington Station with smooth transfer to Heathrow, train service as well as the London Underground and with a walking distance to Oxford Street.  Staff were very pleasant, helpful and the only complains I have is: GBP 18 for breakfast for children is very expensive. We went to a coffee place close to the hotel in the morning for breakfast. I did not manage to turn down the room temperature from 26 degrees to a more normal temperature. It was way too hot for my taste and none of the staff seemed to be able to assist in…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay and will visit again,"We had a wonderful stay during our weekend trip in June. The room was recently renovated and although small was very comfortable and had all the amenities we needed for our stay. The views from our hotel were great!  The location was perfect for us, easy transfer from Heathrow, within walking distance of the Heathrow express and tubes. Perfect location to London Zoo, West End, Albert Hall and Kensington.   Staff were very pleasant, helpful and on hearing we were celebrating a birthday, arranged for cake and champagne for our room for us to enjoy.   We only had breakfast in the hotel each morning but it was always hot, very tasty and tea/coffee brought to the table was appreciated. There was a good variety of food and if there was a short queue for breakfast, pastries, fruit and…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Last renovated during the Thatcher era?,"The location of the Hilton London Metropole is not scenic but central And convenient. The staff is friendly and competent. And this is where the positive impressions end. The hotel building looks hideous from the outside and that is a good preview of what you will expect inside. Do not get fooled by the shiny lobby , it is the only part that has been renovated. The rest looks like it has not been touched up since the 90s. Although my room was on the executive floor, it was tiny and totally run down: dated bathroom, disgusting old carpet. The view from it was so depressing that I was almost glad it was obstructed by the dirty window. The pool was closed because of problems with the water temperature. The breakfast room is way too small and created the longest line at a buffet I…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
2152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic!!!,"A great experience staying at Hilton. The staff were friendly and always willing to help. The Internet was fast and room comfortable. Amenities - good, comfy bed, too. I will definitely return.  Good job!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Put in a smoking room without being asked or warned,"I checked in late after an over-running business meeting to find myself in a smoking room very late at night. Worst nights sleep ever, and was told that because I checked in late non-smoking rooms are by request only and if they don't have any left - then essentially tough luck.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
2154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very tired hotel and lousy staff,"Very disappointed in this Hilton hotel, especially at the price asked. Overall tired hotel, even though all was working ok, and it was clean. Staff was quiet lousy and not very helpful. Sorry, won't come back.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Recommended for Family Stay,Large hotel with all the amenities including a swimming pool. Very close to multiple underground stations. Plenty of supermarkets and other food places nearby. Paddington Station is 10 mins walking down the street. Very convenient location. ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff. Family laundry facilities on site would be an advantage.,Fiamma Restaurant staff are excellent. Mandip the Breakfast Host is the best there is. He deserves a medal. He knew who we were by the first breakfast and had coffee as we liked and requested each morning from there on.  Food is high quality and plentiful.,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Diamond member review-Do NOT stay here!,"Worst Hilton service in all 50+ Hilton hotels in have stayed this year! TINY room as a Diamond member.  No hair dryer and over an hour wait to get one delivered; creepy, poor Executive Lounge; terrible on-site restaurant and bad neighborhood to go outside hotel for meals. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beware! Things you should know...,"Things you should know before staying at this hotel.... 1 - This hotel is really large, massive by London standards, and none of the different departments seem to speak to each other. Don't expect room service to have a clue that you've complained to them about customer service 2 - Some of the rooms are really awful, some are quite nice, none are particularly impressive 3 - Service standards are very variable. It's a roll of a dice who checks you in, what the phone operator is like, whether your food arrives as ordered 4 - The Hilton Paddington is much better located, is often similar in price, and is a WAY better choice  Rooms are quiet, air conditioning works, and bathrooms were a good size.  On the whole, I was really unhappy with my trip. I have stayed here four or five…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Vast improvement from our last visit,"Having last visited several years ago we could hardly recognise it !!  Complimentary upgrade to a Tower room  Tower rooms clean, modern with comfortable bed  Swimming pool warm and bigger than the average hotel pool  On site Starbucks ...an added bonus for those on room only basis  Staff helpful on every occasion   Located extremely near to Paddington station and Edgware Road tube  The older side of the hotel seemed a little dated but overall would definitely recommend this hotel for the location alone!  ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,In desperate need of refurbishment,"It's a good location - very close to the Underground.  The reception areas are airy and smart.  The food was good.  But the experience was totally let down by the rooms in the Tower Wing which are tired and shabby beyond belief for a brand like Hilton.  I am completely amazed that they would want to be associated with the state of these rooms!  When I complained, the Reception Manager was extremely helpful and upgraded me to a room in the West Wing, which is much smarter.  However, when a colleague complained, she was told she would have to pay to upgrade...   Sort it out Hilton - this is not great for your brand.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Half Term Family trip to London,"I have used this Hotel for conferences and business trips, this time we decided to book a family stay for two nights via Hilton Honours. We have two young boys so booked a large room with two Queen beds and were put in the West wing on the top fourteenth floor. Reception was warm, friendly and efficient despite the volume of people staying in this large hotel. The room was a very good standard, up to date and clean. Beds were firm, the temperature was a little too warm despite the cooler setting selected on the aircon.  We had continental breakfast in the Executive Lounge, again the warm and friendly staff helped the boys feel relaxed and they had plenty of choice as we did. On the first evening we chose to eat in the Sports Bar and had a sharing plate called 'extra time' and a…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend romance in London for Valentine's day,"First, I am a loyal Hilton member.  But this hotel within the Hilton chain disappointed me.  I understand that the hotel isn't the destination - London is.  But the room had an odor of mildew or musk to it.  Yes, the lobby is nice as well as the breakfast area.  But it is time the hotel upgrades all their rooms to the Hilton brand name standard which will bring the ability to charge more for their rooms.  Yes, the room was less expensive of competitors but it wasn't worth the savings of the money.  The mattress was uncomfortable as well.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mix of good and not-so-good.,"Arrived with a coach booking group to a designated desk. All reception paperwork was waiting for us but it was still chaotic.  We were given key cards to a room in the tower bock, but when we got there we found a messy room & other guests clothes in the cupboards. Returned to the desk and were given cards for a room in the West wing.  The new room (577) was bigger and looked more attractive so we were quite happy with it when we got in.  The bathroom was a bit dated. Standard of cleanliness was good. Toiletries provided but no tissues in room. Good reception on tv but not many channels - note to Hilton...Freeview is free!.  Wifi not free and expensive (£12/day ?). Not acceptable in this day and age for a hotel of this standard. We did find that the room was very cold. No…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Some rooms are good, some disgusting.","As with Hilton the case... you never can be sure what you get. This hotel is huge and offers good conference ability. However, rooms that I have seen were not well kept and require redecorating. The business lounge gets really crowded and I didn't even bother taking breakfast. The location is ok and within walking distance to Paddington station. ",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Only met half the Hilton Standard,We took a trip to London in early December with some family that was visiting from the states. We had booked a room big enough for all of us to stay in with a crib and figured we would have an excellent time for Hilton never lets us down. That held true with check in and the staff until we got into the room. The hotel common areas were what you expect inside of a Hilton. The room however was dated and not cleaned to the bar in which Hilton sets for themselves. However the requested crib was in the room upon arrival. During our stay we ordered room service once and it was good. We used the mini bar one night and were charged appropriately. We had used the phone to call a local number once. When we went to check out that is when the hotel really lost all my respect. As the charges…,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family trip,Check in was quick and staff were courteous. Room was clean and quiet. There was no view from the room as we had a room on a lower floor. Everything you expect from a Hilton but nothing to write home about.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hilton,"Really nice place to stay, we had a deluxe king room. Breakfast is worth having included. London is expensive to eat.  Staff are friendly and helpful.  Loads to do near by, with a tube station opposite or just use uber.  We joined Hilton grand vacation here, Emily was very professional and friendly. Thanks.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely ,Lovely hotel. Perfect location next to Edgware Road tube station. Rooms are easy to find and the toilets are sparkling. Rooms are as standard but beds are comfy. Never had a problem here so never needed to speak to anyone for an issue so I suppose that's a good sign. ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Half term family visit,"A family of five stayed during half term week.   We booked via telephoning the hotel direct, as we needed a room for five.  We got a better rate than any of the online booking sites.  They also included the £35 per night roll out bed for free.   The staff were very helpful and polite.  We stayed in room 591 and it was very good.  The bathroom was modern, with plenty of hot water.   We bought vouchers for breakfast from reception - £11 each as opposed to £18 in the restaurant.  Children under 11 are free.   Breakfast is very very busy.  There is a great choice with just about anything you could wish for.  The kids wanted hot chocolate, which was no bother and came promptly.   The swimming pool was great for the kids and they loved it.  Everything was clean and well maintained.  …",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Week -end cultural visit,"Very satisfied with our stay and experience at this hotel. Would definitely stay here again when next we visit London. Location was good and facilities excellent. Good value and staff were helpful, however service in the bar could be improved.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family stay,"We had a great family stay. A family of five were all in one room. The third child was on a sofa bed. The sofa bed was slightly unstable for an adult! Good breakfast, clean hotel, friendly and helpful staff. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location, great hotel","Stayed at this hotel during February half term with my husband and 3 children aged 10, 8 and 4. The location of this hotel is fantastic, we travelled to and from Euston on the no.18 bus which stops outside the hotel. Edgware road station was just over the road and we used the tube to visit all the major tourist attractions, it was really easy. The hotel room was fantastic, we had a family room located on the ninth floor of the west wing. It was plenty big enough for the five of us and spotlessly clean. Bar prices for alcohol were what you would expect really, but we did think that almost £12 for three Fantas was excessive, a service charge was also added to each transaction, even when going to the bar to get your own drinks, I've never come across this before. Finally the…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole,"never going to back again. Selected the hotel based on location which is great. Apart from the location everything is just bad. Not at all an Hilton experience.  Bad staff, cleanliness issues , room is bad .",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sky 23 has amazing views and fun staff ,"Love this place. Steve runs a tight ship. His staff are amazing and dedicated. They are good fun to be around and it is pleasing to see people enjoying their job.  I'll definitely be back soon.  A chilled out atmosphere with good company, drinks and food.  Many thanks to Ana, Benedetta, Maria and Malvina (with a Chanel bum bag).   Good fun.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay,"This was a surprise for Valentine, I was happy to go to Hilton. Room was clean however I think I was expecting more for Hilton and comparing to my other holidays it wasnt perfect. But Good. Happy to see there wasn't a sofa bed, had two double beds. View was perfect. Kids love it. We couldn't really control the temperature of the room throughout our stay though. Kids love swimming pool. The only thing I would give a big 5 star was the Breakfast that was excellent with varieties of food, fruits. The kids love it. The restaurant downstairs was good but the wait was far too long in between the drinks and food. I was annoyed because the kids were getting sleepy so whatever they wanted, were taking too long. I felt so bad. We didn't go to the same restaurant the next day, we went to…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Central Hotel,"Stayed at this Hilton overnight with family. Room for 4 adults was spacious, beds very comfortable. Friendly Staff. Breakfast was of good quality and a great selection. Only downside was the restaurant was really busy and a lot of tables required clearing. Arrive before 9 or after 10.30 Drinks in the bar are pricey but it is London",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great but can be further improve,"Booked 2 nights in ""King Suite"" but given a ""Browning Suite"" which no one explains if the room given is the same suite we booked. Beautiful lobby and room is acceptable but shaggy corridor.  The Executive Lounge offer nice ambience but the dining table is too tall for armchairs to eat.   Would be nice if the hotel can be more generous with stocking up few bottles of drinking water in the room since we are entitled to Executive Lounge benefits but it will never happen unless pay by taking from mini bar or had to call the MAGIC.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs brushing up all around,"Hotel chosen  for location close to office in Paddington. Although I had a refurbished room, they're small, especially for a week-long stay. Executive lounge access was good, and the breakfast delightful, but staff had loud 'lounge' music playing; not sure that an exec lounge is the place for children either. Staff were pleasant but not much more than that.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Penguins in the room,"Whilst the hotel overall is quite good, our room had a problem with the heating and we just never felt warm during the 2 day stay. Breakfast was excellent, with plenty of choice for all, we even saw somebody having a fried egg with peach slices - go figure!",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay,Room was clean and comfortable.  Beds and pillows were comfortable slept peacefully.  The only negative was the room temperature could not be controlled properly so was a bit cold in the middle of the night.  Other than that the stay was good,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Metropole,"Stayed here many times with my family, great hotel with good facilities.  Very handy for many of the attractions and always good value for money. Always the first place we look to book when visiting London.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good surprise,"Not a bad location with bus stop very close. It was quiet, clean and with an excellent breakfast.  Modern style and with good amenities. It had a good amount of staff that was friendly and willing to help.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Family trip to London for sightseeing , hotel less than 1 minute from tube , bakerloo line perfect for Wembley or Big Ben etc all on bakerloo line , staff great , room turned every day , breakfast 1 of the best selections I've come across . Sports bar great . Highly recommend. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It really is a metropole..,"This hotel is Huge, compared to any other Hilton in London. The executive lounge was excellent, though always very busy, difficult to find a seat.  The pool/gym/sauna seemed nice, did not use it but walked past it daily as my room was just next to it.  Room was good, had a bath (which I love), was quiet, and very spacy (for London).  A bit out of the way though, I had quite a long commute to the city, and had to take a taxi when returning after a night out.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,GOOD FOR A FEW NIGHTS STAY,This is a very large hotel.The public rooms are nice and airy.Bedrooms are on the small side and look very tired.However they are clean and the beds comfy/Staff are all great and very knowledgeable and helpfull.No need to use taxis which are expensive there is an underground station 2 minutes walk away and across the road you can catch bus No 16 to Victoria which stops opposite the Apollo theatre and takes about 15 minutes.From Victoria you can walk to Westminister bridge in about 10 minutes.There are plenty of eating places near the hotel but they are mainly middle east eateries.We stayed two nights at the hotel and for a short stay i would recommend it as its location is good for central london sightseeing.,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,mediocre,We stayed at the hotel on 8th and 9th of February. The room was old and the entry key(CARD) works only if it wants to. The lady at the reception was also impatient. It is not worth the money. The breakfast is good. service is ok.,Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice but small,"It's been years since I've stayed here. I was in a room that has been updated from my previous visit, but I was quite shocked at just how small the rooms are. I don't visit London much, it's been about 7 years or more, but I guess I've forgotten how small things are here.  The bathroom was also quite small, but had sufficient counter space.   The only counter space in the room is a small desk and 2 side tables bedside, so the desk was cramped with all of my things, normally left on a dresser. There is no dresser in this room, and the TV is recessed into the wall.  Hall noise was clearly audible in my room. I could hear people in the surrounding rooms cough and use hair dryers while inside my room.   The room is clean and modern looking with USB ports bedside, which was nice. The…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Was good not brilliant ,Was here for an event so was very convenient- not cheap but ok for London. The room was good and clean but the place is very big and the queues at checkin very long. Location good but parking very expensive but that's what you get in London,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice but outdated hotel,"This hotel has a convenient location, a top floor bar/restaurant with beautiful view, but very outdated and very small rooms. It looks like the bathroom is still the original one.  The hotel rooms are in urgent need of modernization.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms need modernization,"This hotel is conveniently located, close to Paddington station. Easy to reach for example from LHR using the Heathrow express. Quality restaurant/bar on 23rd floor providing beautiful view over the city. The rooms are however very small and are urgently in need of a renovation. The bathroom appear to be original from the construction date of the hotel, and is mouldy.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shocked by how dirty and tired the room,Just checked in for a 4 day trip to London (Business). Recently joined the Hilton Honors scheme and trying different Hilton hotels around London. Initial impressions of the lobby were good (albeit check in was bordering on unfriendly but that's not unusual in London's big hotels) and then I made my way to my room...in the Tower. Didn't realise that I was being sentenced too! Honestly a little gobsmacked by just how grubby this room is. Like many of the other reviews it is clearly tired but the stained carpets and curtains (I mean...how?!) are disgusting and make your think about overall levels of cleanliness..you start to notice other things and smells and think...ewww. I was booked in for next week too...no longer. Not what I usual expect from a Hilton and I advise you to try…,Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
2192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One nighter,"This is a great hotel, big and easy distance from Paddington, a good bus service from 2 minutes away. Staff were friendly, great woman at breakfast offering pastries, was given the internet password without needing to ask for it, overall another great stay.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel if you are in the right tower!,"Overall this hotel is good.  While not my favorite option in London, I love the location near Edgeware Rd, Marble Arch & Train station.  By far one of the most convenient corners in London with everything within close reach.  This hotel is incredible tired if you are in the wrong tower.  Most of the other rooms are very tired, poor HVAC... However, if you end up in the newest tower, then it's a great hotel option that I would highly recommend.  Lobby is great.  Food options are acceptable but could be greatly be improved considering the size of the hotel.  In the newer rooms, the only thing I don't like are the beds.  They are very hard, not particularly comfortable and very noisy.  But this seems to generally be the case with most Hiltons in the UK.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Metropole,"Had a few problems when we stayed initially but a chap called Mr Ottieri assisted us and swiftly resolved the situation and we came away very very happy.  Staff were very courteous, helpful and accommodating.   Excellent!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,Great Location with several Bus and Tube Lines and some Foodstores around. Bett was excellent to sleep in. Staff was helpul in any way! Breakfast Buffet was ok! all in all it was a good trip to London,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Renovated in decades / smelly,"The lobby looks very nice.  But no one sleeps in the lobby.  The room we stayed in (1022) was clearly not renovated in at least a decade.  The rug was disgustingly smelly.  The bathroom had no vent so the paint and surfaces like the mirror had water damage.  The lighting was atrocious in the bathroom, but perhaps that was better so I didn't see the smaller the issues, like dirt in the crevices.  For the cost of this hotel, you can probably do better elsewhere.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
2197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Might be the worst Hilton Ever,"I would recommend staying away from this one.  The hotel is large, crowded and very very noisy.  There was a long line at check-in.  I had reserved the site as part of a BA reservation, and was not so politely informed that there would be no Hilton Honors points as the hotel was booked through a travel agent!.  It only got worse from there.  My room was very small, with two miniature beds.  This is not unusual in Europe, but the fact that both beds were lumpy and hard is not typical.  The noise in the corridor made any attempt to sleep unsuccessful.  I had booked two nights, but after a relatively sleepless night (and I am generally a very sound sleeper), I decided to check out early.  First, I wanted to have some lunch, but the only restaurant available during the day was…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
2198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good links, catering for tourists and business guests","The hotel is in a great location with Edgware Road tube station literally minutes across the road. It is a very large Hilton and clearly I would imagine the bulk of people staying are tourists and business people. This would account for the high prices for beverages and food. Ok, so you're staying in Central London and you pay for that, I get it. On my stay I decided to have a pint of soda and lime. I did not expect to be charged £3.75 for the soda water and £0.50p for the lime!! The food selection for dinner was good and the food preparation excellent. Breakfast had a good selection also. Certainly plenty of hot and cold foods, no complaints there.  My room was well appointed and clean. The only downside for the room was the bathroom, it was a little tired. The shower pressure…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay in London ,"Wanted hotel with a pool in London, reasonably priced and close to tube station was a priority. This hotel is very close to both Edgeware road stations and Paddington is within walking distance making London very accessible. I was happy with the room and breakfast Sunday morning was an impressive buffet catering for quite a busy hotel. Staff were friendly that we encountered. I would stay again ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very tired well below par,Stayed here on business. I often use Hilton when I am away. Disappointed  here. The carpet in the room was very worn and stained. No in room menus and I asked 3 times to have one sent. Breakfast was the standard buffet. With a reasonable selection. The hot food however was not hot and there was minimal choice. Whilst the hotel has good facilities you want your room to be nice. It needs updating. I wouldn't stay here again. ,Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fab hotel with mostly great service,"We had booked 3 triple rooms for 9 people celebrating two ladies 50th Birthdays. Upon arrival Joshua on reception gave us a free upgrade to queen size bedrooms which was fab. Us ladies were happy to share a bigger bed but one room we requested a third bed which was not going to be a problem. Come 10.30 the third bed was nowhere to be seen and after three phone calls to reception it finally arrived at gone midnight. Rooms were nice and big and clean. On the next night we came back after a whole day out to find no cleaning had been done on one of the three rooms which was disappointing but we did have a lovely surprise from Joshua in two of the rooms for the birthday girls. It consisted of wine, a plate of cakes and a bowl of fruit. Well done",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ended on sour note ,"Have stayed at this hotel a few times before this. This time round on the very last night the guests staying in the room above were so noisy, called front desk and they promised someone would check it out. Never heard back and the noise continued till midnight. Not a big deal since I was leaving the next day anyway.  But what prompted me to leave a review was the unpleasant experience with the staff at luggage storage. Every step of the way he made it seem like he was doing me a huge favour and I was to blame for his inattentiveness. First he told me I needed to collect my bags by 5pm (which I later found out from reception it's not true). Then he counted the number of bags wrongly and said he didn't see the last one because I hid it.  Anyway I did collect them on the dot at 5pm…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great reasonably priced hotel with excellent travel connections,"I booked this hotel for 3 nights mainly due to the price, but also as I was arriving late and it's easy to get to from Heathrow.  I'm very happy.  Lots of bus and tube connections to the whole of London, I wanted to do some shopping, go to a show and see some museums.  Location is good for all of that.  Staff were very nice, very helpful gave me all the information I asked for.  The room was on the 18th Floor of the Tower Wing.  It looked like it was recently refurbished.  The bed was super comfortable.  The bathroom was adequate and there was Coffee and Tea facilities in the room.  Everything from the Public Areas to the room was very clean.  Altogether it was an excellent stay and I will happily stay again in the future.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great, always welcoming! ","I always stop by around when I'm close, the place is full of friendly people and great service, also Edg bar is always a great bar to be.  Great cocktails and wonderful whiskys from around the world. Definitely recommend ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor staff,"We had previously attended a function at this hotel and been very impressed with the restaurant staff in the lobby cafe who were friendly, warm and helpful. Subsequently decided to book a weekend here for our family but were very let down. Management and even guest relations were rather unhelpful, emails to the hotel (to plan our trip) went unanswered in the week leading up to the break, kids generally unwelcome and are not allowed to join in the Executive Lounge canapes due to 'alcohol' being served which is not a policy I have seen at any other canape lounge drinks, and seemed quite ridiculous when clearly underage teenagers were helping themselves to the wine while well behaved younger children were excluded. Shame the staff made the stay so challenging. I was interested to…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Yes and no,Well as soon as you enter the Hilton hotel the smell was so so nice cleanness. really nice helpful staff. Hotel room was lovely. The TV could of been better with more channels. We didn't use the toilet products or the food and drink in the fridge as we thought we be charged and we didn't know they weren't free we found out when we checked out. Also the bag man was great of looking after our stuff. Also on floor 23 at the minibar was amazing views nice place to be. But we never asked for nuts I never thought nothing of it. They didn't taste that nice anyway. Next morning at 5:45 I woke up to a bill/ recipt! Also a unexpected 30 pounds deposit when you check in which was cheeky of you. And the swimming pool could of been hotter. Overal pretty good hotel if you get free nuts ask…,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient location ,"Spent 2 nights at Hilton London metropole , it was conveniently located , across the road from edgware station , a short walk to Hyde park . Many restaurants and shops around this hotel .  The hotel is beautiful with exceptional modern, spacious rooms .  Due to the size of the hotel , we were on the 17th floor so a trip to the room and back to the lobby could easily be 10-15 minutes .  The breakfast had a wide delicious spread , a highlight of our stay I must say !!!! Take note due to the size of the hotel : get to breakfast early as you wait in line to be seated and they promptly close their doors at 10.30am We had a plumbing incident where the drain was not working in the sink and from the call to maintenance to it being fixed took about 15 minutes ,so well done on that !…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
2208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location ,Easy to get to from Kings cross Downstairs modern and clean Rooms feel a little tired and vary a lot in different parts of the building. The beds were very comfortable though  Whilst I understand London prices are higher than up north I felt  £10 for a glass of wine was a bit steep  All staff I encountered were friendly and helpful especially waiting staff  at breakfast and check out was easy enough  ,Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
2209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good place for the Money,"The hotel is centrally located, though its in the arabic area, and about 6 blocks from Hyde Park. We stayed in a Suite, and it was certainly worth the money. We also went in December, and it was beautiful. Its a very nice hotel, but the breakfast was a bit pricy.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Frowns & Frustration,"The location is great at just a 6-7 minute walk from Paddington, and just two minutes from the tube. What makes this hotel difficult is the generally unhappy staff. Almost 15 minutes to check in with little eye contact. Arianna at the front desk acted as though the guest was an annoyance to her day. The rest of the staff seem to be in a daze. From the executive lounge, housekeeping, etc, everyone could not be bothered to express any interest in the guest. If you stay here, go because it suits your needs, but do not expect to feel very welcome.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
2211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,Fantastic hotel over all . I've stayed here before and it was nice as usual . Amenities were great . Room we stayed in was recently refurbished  to a very high standard . Location was spot on only 10-15 min walk from oxford street . very good restaurants nearby . Will return soon !,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor customer relations,"Room was average, but clean. We were all satisfied with our stay until we checked out. The front counter manager (I believe) served us, and told me that the 3 of us owed 72 pounds for 2 days of breakfasts. I was shocked as I was told by another staff member that it was free, included with our room. The lady was quite abrupt and unfriendly. She told me that it was ""obvious that breakfast would cost you"" when I was honestly under the impression that it was included with our room.   Whether this was a sneaky move to get us to eat there, or an honest flaw in communication, there is no excuse for the manner in which we were spoken to. I was extremely disappointed and will absolutely not go back.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
2213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel and great location,"This hotel is very good.  The lobby and bar area are very classy.  The location is fantistic - just a few metres from Edgware Road Station (serviced by a number of differnt tube lines).  The rooms are luxurious, though the mattress was found to be too firm by all! The breakfast, however, is the highlight.  A quality and extensive selection of breakfast treats to be enjoyed and the buffert service times give a big enough window to enjoy the breakfast to the full.  The tea and coffee service could be quicker, as sometimes when it arrived the hot water had somewhat cooled.  The pool, hot tub and sauna/steam room are also some lovely added extras.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London trip,"Rooms are clean and tidy and hotel staff are helpful and friendly. This hilton closes to tube stations, as well as a lot of tasty restaurants nearby.   We enjoyed our stay here and would come back again.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The Worst Hilton I Had Ever Stayed,"It is located near Edgware Road station and 10min walk from Paddington station.  The lobby looks nice and check-in was smooth.  Then you walked into the room, everything changes from from a 4 stars hotel into a 2 star hotel.  The room was in desperate need of renovation, everything is so old, outdated and disgusting.  I had stayed in better 3 stars hotel room than this Hilton.  I was shocked that Hilton had this kind of hotel in their brand.  There was always noise at night, maybe it was the plumbing or the heater which kept me awake. The pool was shared by other people besides Hilton guests which one of the lane was taken by a swimming class.  My son had a nose bleed and non of the pool attendants care or give a crap.  I have stayed in many Hilton hotels all over the world and…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
2216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London visit,"For a Hilton Hotel in London we were not very impressed with the room, booked from Australia and they had us in single beds but did change so we had a king room which was singles pushed together, one side was so bad when you sat on it, it felt like you went to the floor, the aircon didn't work properly, and having to step into a bath tub for the shower wasn't easy. But on a positive side the buffet breakfast was one of the best I had seen at a Hilton Hotel. The bars & sitting areas in the foyer area was lovely but they definitely need to give attention to their bedrooms. Close to shops, transport & the underground was a big plus. Staff were very professional & friendly.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
2217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay and location.  ,"The only negative is that our room on the 20th floor was in need of updates.  The views were superb despite January weather. The hotel is under upgrade construction so I'm not holding it against them.    The hotel is excellent location for travel.  I can not stress that enough.   Two immediate tube stations and another close by.  There are buses right outside and cabs as well.    The amenities, restaurants are all wonderful. And the coffee in Herb Kitchen is superb!    The staff is kind and attentive.  The cleaning crew were very easy to work with as well.   No complaints and would stay again.    The room was small but had everything one needs including a refrigerator that made no noise. Perfect.  ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
2218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beware eating breakfast in your room!,"Family break for three, booked B&B rate.Good location, stayed here before. Clean room, but air conditioning wouldn't work, it would only heat the room. I phoned reception for a cooling fan, after half an hour a member of staff bought a room heater to our room. I asked again for a cooling fan, another half an hour later one was delivered. It was in a dangerous condition with the motor cover hanging off and electrical parts exposed!!(I took photo's) I took it to reception and spoke to the duty manager, he apologised and offered to waive the £6 per person tray charge the next morning for breakfast in our room. When we checked out they wanted to charge us £68 for one mornings breakfast in our room! The receptionist said the B&B inclusive breakfast rate only applied if we ate in the…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
2219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This property has lost its way,"Tired hotel serving tour groups and business conferences.  Sometimes it's a relatively cheap option for central London (for my needs) and a last-minute use of points. Ive been using it for 10 years and I find it just gets worse and worse. On this stay, I had to check into 4 rooms just to get the one thing I ask for, a quiet standard room - the first one was overlooking the A4 flyover (it was a refurbished room, a small square box with a shower and no bath , reminiscent of ibis/Novotel.... I don't know if all refurb rooms are like that or because this one was at the end of the hall, Novotel rooms are bigger!). The second room I was given was an older room in the tower block directly overlooking construction work (still using hydraulic digging at 6pm under lights) and a window…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired decor but fabulous Queen size bed!,"First time at the Hilton Metropole and base for a birthday weekend. Our room was on the second floor level with the adjacent flyover and a little noisy. Others in our party were on the 8th and 14th floors ( great views!). Decor was tired in our room but the room on the 8th had been refurbished but smaller than ours. Overall it was comfortable and suited our needs. The bar on the 23rd floor was great for night-time views of London but very expensive! Breakfast on the Sunday morning was the usual buffet but very busy and noisy. Quality of the hot food was good with plenty to choose from. Tables were cleared quickly after use and coffee and tea plentiful. Only criticism was that some of the pastries on offer were tired whilst others were far fresher. Well located, just across a…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Facilities TERRIBLE rooms,"I stayed at this hotel as part of a Company Conference for 2 nights. Firstly, the facilities for business are excellent. The service received was great and all catering was of a good standard. The room however was a different matter. For a 4* hotel a Standard room is nothing short of shocking. I have stayed in more comfortable Travelodges. My room was a standard twin on the third floor of the Tower part of the hotel. Upon entering the room, I was hit with the smell of stale cigarette smoke which was most unpleasant. The decor in the bedrooms is both dated and the walls and paintwork have a yellow tinge to them resulting in a depressing environment. I had previously contacted the hotel to advise that I would like to change my booking from 1 to 2 people as my partner decided to…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
2222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A new life!!!,"This hotel is a very big and good hotel. But, we were unlucky and got the west wing. The west wing feels like it is very old and does not feel like a good hotel. The hotel is close to the Marble Arch and it is next to a Pharmacy. My brother got sick so it was easy to go to the Pharmacy and get the medicine. There were no locks on the bathroom door so you will have to be careful. The west wing is very empty and the quality of the room is not good. I could say that it sucks but I wouldn't. I could say that it is average because the security was good but the bed, bathroom, and bedroom is pretty poor. They have a lot of good areas like restaurants and bars. They also have a very good breakfast area but when there is too much people, then they would change to another location. There…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,HILTON SMOKING ROOMS,This is pretty much the only Hilton in London that offers smoking rooms.  These are located on 23rd floor of the  TOWER WING which is not the best of the hotel.  The best rooms are in the WEST WING.   The rooms in the Tower Wing are small (Euro style).  The staff are excellent at this hotel.,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
2224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Amazing service, affordable price","This was a luxury experience at an affordable price.  The room was impeccable.  The service 5 star.  The amenities were impressive.  I didn't have to leave the hotel for anything.  Great places for business meeting and social gathering.  Impressive, moderately priced menu.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good solid value for money,"My wife and I booked a room on line as a  very late booking ( 4.15pm ) got to hotel 10 mins later and in our room 5 mins after that . brilliant, efficient service , good surroundings , good food and drink , very helpful , without doubt a good experience .",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A visit of 2 halves,"The Metropole is a huge hotel. It has extended over the years and has become a metropolis. If you like lots of people around and don't mind queuing you'll enjoy this place. If you are here just to use it as a base you'll still like it - probably. For me it's too big! If you are unlucky enough to be allocated a room on a low floor make sure you don't stay in it too long. The beds are uncomfortable and the duvets thin. The view, in our case, was a brick wall and the room dark. The bathroom was tiny. Two people in this room couldn't pass each other if they wanted to. My advice is ask for a room on a high floor or upgrade. The staff do their best. Unfortunately for me the experience  for me this visit didn't work. It will be some time before I reconsider another visit. It will suit…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
2227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here in a recent trip to watch football. The location is great as less than 5 min walk to underground. The room was comfortable although smaller than some hotels I've stayed in but the room did have a king size bed. The bathroom had a good size walk in shower producing plentiful hot water. A small criticism was the small supply of toiletries, the bottle of shower gel wouldn't stretch if there was two in the room. Didn't have breakfast so can't comment on that. Did have a beer in the sports bar, the American bar tender was cheerful, friendly and efficient.  It's a shame the pool wasn't available, I was looking forward to a bit of gym work then relaxing in the pool and sauna. If the price was right I'd stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay ,"I stayed here for a special occasion and the staff could not have done more for us!! Room upgrade a cake and a fruit bowl was just some of the amazing things they provided! A special thanks to Ayal and Sergio for everything they did for us, will definitely be staying again. The room was beautiful, well decorated and spotless and in a fantastic location, a few minutes walk to the tube 10 minutes into central. Thanks London Hilton Metropole!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Paradise,"Thanks a lot for your great hospitality, restless support, buffet with a lot of varieties, clean and quite rooms with a great view, well educated staff with a wonderful smile and willing to serve, try it and you will be very happy",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very average business hotel,"Business/Convention type hotel. Good location one block away from underground. Not very service oriented.  busy breakfast room, average quality but good selection of items. I had problems w thermostat in room, kept the room at 19° constantly, too cold. Toilet not flushing everytime.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
2231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed!!!!!,"I had the misfortune to stay at this hotel from Sunday, January 22nd until Wednesday, January 25th.  I can honestly say this is the worst ""4-star"" hotel I have stayed in in years!  Firstly, the good things about the hotel, the location is very good for getting just about anywhere and I always felt safe in the the area, and its surrounds.  Also, concierge were very knowledgeable and helpful in booking restaurants for me.  The cons and they started the moment we checked in, furthermore, what makes it worst is that we were upgraded from a standard to a deluxe room, I dread to think what a standard room was like.  We arrived before the official check-in time so did all the paperwork and then went to visit friends.  We returned after 10pm and upon entering the room were totally…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
2232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location - Business Hotel.,"This hotel met our needs as a no-fuss base for 2 nights in London.  The rooms are a little tired and in need of an update. On check-in we asked to be moved to a quieter room as we had some constant noise from the outside. We suspect the hotel's neon sign ?  The staff did this without any fuss.  The hotel is well located to walk to Hyde Park, and also Abbey Road Studios if the need grabs you.  This is neither a luxury nor quaint hotel for a romantic holiday.  It's more of a large business hotel for conferences and short business stays. The price is reasonable though for London.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing!,"We came to London for our honeymoon, after reading reviews I wasn't sure what to expect. This hotel is awesome. The check in was easy and quick, we upgraded and stayed right by the pool and executive lounge.  The lounge was the best part of the upgrade. Food and snacks throughout the day. The bedroom itself had the basics and the king bed was super comfy!   The staff were really nice and helpful. I wouldn't take much of the negative reviews. We had no issues at all. We are Canadian and easy going, so if you're looking for a comfy, safe and easily accessible hotel this is it!  It's across the street from a tube stop and 5 minute walk to another one. Easy walk to landmarks. I definitely suggest getting a visitors Oyster card too!  Thanks for making our honeymoon amazing!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Exelent hotel,Rooms our great service is 6 star hotel the staff is friendly the food is good i will be back for sure you fill like hilton . Also great pisition near the under ground station the front desk are profetional the concierge service is unic ,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Long weekend,Always stay here when we visit London. So convenient for Paddington and Edgware Road tube stations. Great views across London from the high floors. Shame the pool was closed and there is no Jacuzzi. Late check out and bag drop means we can enjoy our last day before returning home.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant,"Ideally located ten minutes from Marble Arch. Staff very pleasant and helpfull.  Breakfast was plentifull, fruits, porridge, pancakes, cereals, traditional English fry, pleny of tea and coffee.  Ideally localed to top sites of London.  Edgeware tube station right opposite the road as well as chemist shop, Marks and Spencers store, and various small stores further down.  Will sure stay here again when visiting London.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole,"Amazing Hotel, good service and amazing location! The only problem was that they did not deliver my amenity to my room to surprise my wife for the honeymoon. Everything else was amazing. I would definitively come back to the Hilton Metropole.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Centre to visit London,Hilton Metropole is well positioned for those visiting London.  Easy access from Paddington and Marylebone and the Edgeware Road Bakerloo line gives easy access to the centre.  Rooms are well appointed and comfortable.  Hotel has good ammenities,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,will stay here again,"Great Hotel to stay, value for money. The room i stayed was big and clean. It took me only 3 minutes to reach the tube. Easy to go anywhere u wish throughout london. Wifi was great too. Staffs were helpful and the best part is Halal foods are everywhere beside hotel and along the edgware road.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fabulous location and service :),"Very close to tube, walking distance from the city too. Modern, spacious reception and communal areas, super fast lift to the 13th floor and fabulous views (checked that we had a view at we registered - we didn't but it was changed without us even asking, superb!!).  Lovely breakfast, endless supplies of freshly cooked delicious food - we went to breakfast a little after 9am, no queue.  Room was clean, well equipped with two large double beds.  We will be back - thank you (and hope the pool is fixed).",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good experience! ,"Visited to attend a conference. Very clean rooms. Breakfast was great and overall experience was fine! Line of taxis always at the gate and also other transportation options are available(bus, tram). I would stay again for sure! Thanks! ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"The Hilton metropole is in a great location, easy tube access across London. The lobby and main facilities are great. The rooms are nice but nothing special. Huge TV in room, but rooms on the small side, but nice place. ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,The Staff  are very nice and helpfull The hotel is Close to everything  Rooms are big and cozy  The lounge is nice with snacks from 13:00 till 15:00 and various drinks More variety of food in the general breakfast area  but quieter  in the lounge,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, friendly stuff","We have been staying at this hotel for many many years now. It is a nice place in a nice location, close to the tube. The place has been renovated and it looks much better now. Breakfast is very good and there is also a very nice bar I think I will keep on choosing this place again and again when I visit London",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Once again another Great Visit .....,"Honestly cannot fault this Hotel...  Upon check in, the extremely friendly and efficient ""Sergio Ottieri""..., was swift and courteous with my check in, and within minutes I was on my way to my Room..  My room had really nice views of the Skyline of London,,  Room was clean and well equipped...with an Emoty a fridge, which I like as I like to keep my medicine in the fridge..  Once again Thanks...",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good hotel,"very friendly service. i like the location of the hotel near oxford street. very nice experience. loved it. i advice to stay in this hotel, it is always my first choice. breakfast is extra ordinary...",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,2 day business conference,"I stayed here for one during a two day conference at the hotel.  It's not my personal preference to stay in such a large and vast hotel such as this, but as you would expect from Such a well known chain, check in was swift and efficient. The room and en suite were exceptionally clean with very comfy beds.  We made excellent use of the bar and had a throughly pleasant evening on our one night stay.  The conference facilities and restaurant where disappointing. The food was stodgy and similar to school dinners.  Whilst the conference facilities were well run, a refusal for additional hot water (without an additional charge for a full tea and coffee break seemed excessive). A pregnant delegate was refused the use of the tea and coffee machine in the main business foyer until we…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really up to its standard,"The rooms are very small, I could not even do my yoga or basic stretching, the floor was not clean, the temperature was very low and I could not fix it. I had to change rooms because of a leakage but the second room was even worse. The breakfast was not good, I had to wait 15 mn to get a coffee! I left a day earlier and stayed in another hotel! Anyway, Hilton it is about time to use the FFE reserve in this property!",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
2249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fab hotel ,"Stayed here for New Year's Eve again, and very happy with the accommodation, large spacious room on the second floor, near the swimming pool, which is free to use. Beautiful breakfast, all you can eat, something for everyone's taste buds. Very clean hotel. Close to Edgware Road tube station for all your travels ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lost its personal touch,","Having first visited this particular Hilton in 1996, it has certainly lost the true 'Hilton' expectations.    Rooms are a bit shabby with broken/damaged fixtures and fittings, Room 1275 tv aerial broken, curtains shabby, mini fridge didn't work, Room 1492 newly renovated with best beds, unfortunately there is a constant 'electric humming' from the surrounding plant room, Room 1092 shabby fixtures and fittings in both bedroom and bathroom.   In all rooms not one was equipped for a family of 4, despite the booking stating it was for a family of 4.  Housekeeping staff brought extra towels etc but after a delay - not what you'd expect from Hilton Breakfast buffet was busy and sometimes disorganised but it was frequently replenished.....La Fammia is maybe not the best restaurant for…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
2251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,PERFECT!,This hotel is beautiful and so close to the station :) I would say to put on the description Edgware road as the station though as this is just across the road :) was perfect for our weekend as we was going to winter wonderland. The hotel was amazing and the breakfast was beautiful! ❤❤❤ ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect Hotel!,"The best Hotel in London! Very good location, the best service, nice and clean rooms. We had very good time there  Good food and breakfast   High quality Hotel with clean rooms with everything needed.  Rachel.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient but nothing special ,"Visited to attend a conference. The reception and entrance areas certainly lead you into a false sense of luxury which quickly dissipate when you reach your room. Rooms, if mine was anything to go by are in need of freshen up. The hotel isn't in the heart of London so be prepared for a bit of a walk or tube journey. Breakfast was great and overall experience was fine. ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
2254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Perfect stay, perfect price","I stained there for couple of days. I prepaid for a non-refundable charge. When I came even before the check in time my room was ready and I could use the room. Staff are friendly. Breakfast is delicious. The area for food was somehow crowded, but service were refilled countinously.   There are many lounge at ground floor for good , drink or family and friend gathering. Location is perfect as it has very near access to bus, trains and subway stations. Line of taxies always at the gate. I generally enjoyed my stay there.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the Hilton I'm used to,"Not a bad stay, but not the Hilton I'm used to. First the good. The room was quiet and decent size. There was a mini fridge, iron, ironing board and safe. The bathtub was deep and large and there was a separate shower. There was plenty of light and lamps in the room and the WiFi worked well. Now the bad, I don't think they mopped my bathroom floor the entire length of my stay. There were soap scum stains on the tile that I could easily wipe away with my fingers. I kept hoping to see it clean, but never did. The bed was rather hard and I didn't like that I had no conto of the temperature in the room. I went to the concierge several times late at night and he was never there. Overall, it was a decent stay, but did not live up the Hilton name.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
2256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"The hall is good, not so the room","The hotel is a little bit out of the very hearth of London, but the Tube station (Edgware Road) is quite close. The hall is big and comfortable for a drink. Not so the room: it was old fashioned, especially the bathroom. The sink drain was not working well. Furthermore, the view was orrible (6th floor out of more than 20), in front of the back stairs. Price in the average of such hotel category.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
2257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing !,"Stayed here on New Year's Eve, had a great welcome, as we have previously stayed here a number of times. Rooms were large and spacious, had an amazing view of the city with a balcony ( King suites). Food  was great and staff were very helpful, especially Adriana from guest services, She made out stay worth while, with her professionalism and hospitality, she was polite and very helpfull.  Would definently recommend this hotel, has lots of shops near by, and just a 2 minute walk to the train station.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms are in need of modernisation ,"In many respects, this is a great hotel. The common areas are very good and there are a number of dining options. Service was efficient and friendly....  HOWEVER   The bedroom I was given on 7th floor was not great. The bathroom was tiny and when I decided to have a bath, the water was short of being hot enough. Overall it was a small room  Also we had a conference room which was OK but very expensive to hire a projector and have a coffee    I think I got a deal on the room so for London at least it was decent value. If there was a 'good' category then that is what I would choose based on VFM but since it is not 'very good', it has to be average ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
2259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,3-Star at best. Far better options in the area...,"I stayed here with my Wife for one night, in fact I write this from our room on the 12th floor. Our experience got off to a bad start. We checked in, we had booked a standard room. Standing at Reception as a clearly married couple, we took it for granted, perhaps stupidly, that we would get a Double Room, we didn't even mention it. Surely any good hotel receptionist would have known this? However, we opened the door to be greeted with Twin Beds. My Wife immediately called Reception, asking if it would be possible for us to be moved to a Double, they requested that we return to Reception to discuss. So, off we went with all our bags.  Upon arrival at Reception, the staff member notified us that, yes, we could have a Double room, but for an additional premium of £20.Wait, what?!…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
2260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great customer service!,"Stayed with family who are regular guests here, I thought it was the ideal place for central London, easy access by road, on foot and the train and tube are only a short walk away.  the room was ample and nice and clean.  The whole hotel is clean, tidy and welcoming, as are the staff.  I would stay here again!",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Thought here was amazing,"It's not often I stay at any Hilton! But the minute you get inside the doors you see more opulence, and, my favourite part was the bar downstairs where I had my favourite tipple...sweet white wine!!! The room I had was great, not spacious, but I loved it. I also enjoyed the 24hr room service, yummy!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,great stay overall,had a great welcome and the dutch receptionist kuert was fantastic and really help us out with getting the room.  me and my wife go every January to a Hilton to enjoy our anniversary and they never let us down.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend coach trip,"On the 5 January me and my daughter went on a fri to sun coach trip too the Hilton metropole in London . I go there once a year, As always couldn't fault it . The room 1121 was clean and comfortable , breakfast was brilliant . Friday night we are in the restaurant down stairs and the food was stunning. All reasonably priced . On sat morning after returning to our room I had a phone call to say we had to return home asap as my father was taken seriously ill ! We then went to the congerie on the ground floor and explain to the gentleman on the desk that I needed to get back to Newport South Wales asap And I have to say the gentleman was amazing explained the nearest train station and another gentleman walked out of the hotel to the end of the road and showed us where the…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Spacious Family Suite and Gracious Staff,"Stayed at Hilton Metropole London for 3 nights December 20-23. Took Heathrow Express to Paddington station, short 5 minute walk. Accommodations met our family needs as we were family of 4 meeting up with our adult son. Room has a sofa bed, and additional TV. As a Hilton Honors member was treated very well free WiFi, daily water bottles, and breakfast. Good location, across from tube and within walking distance to many attractions. This is a very large hotel but staff was gracious and we enjoyed our stay.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ageing Hilton,Stayed here for 2 nights with 4 other friends. We booked a 5 bed Family Room. I was under the impression since it's a Family Room with 5 beds it should be big like a suite room. But to my surprise it was a normal size room with 5 beds one after another. There was hardly any space to keep bags or walk around. The bathroom was on the smaller side as well. We paid like £300 for a night for this average accommodation. Very underwhelming room.   The plus was the location. Right on Edgware Road just opp the Tube station and many Arabic restaurants.  5 mins by bus to Paddington and Oxford/Regent Street Hyde Park. Basically this hotel is located at the centre of everything in London.   Breakfast was fine but very crowded. Still the service was pretty good and efficient. The lobby…,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hit or miss,"For the most part, I have had great customer service at this hotel and a decent and clean room. However, I have had business colleagues who have complained about the service of front desk staff and cleanliness of rooms. For this reason, I give this hotel a ""hit or miss"" review. Depending on who you are dealing with at the hotel, you may have an excellent experience or a horrible one. The rooms vary here: certain rooms are newly renovated and others are old. If this is important to you, request a newly renovated room; this may correlate or correspond to a particular wing in the property. The fitness center is small and minimal, but includes a small pool and steam sauna. Only problem with the pool is that they have a lot of boisterous and rambunctious children. As a Hilton Honors…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well run hotel with good service levels,"This is a reliably consistent Hilton with good standards of service and cleanliness , It's a large , bustling hotel with many international visitors as well as business travellers. It manages to feel less impersonal than many similar sized hotels in big cities. It is very close to a London Underground station and there are many and varied eating and drinking establishments nearby.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Helpful in time of need - thank you Hilton,I recently stayed at this hotel and had done my back in. Having made it all the way down to breakfast to find the usual location closed for a week and the sign not being clear ( there are several Wings to the hotel so it gets confusing) I asked for Concierge to assist with my belongings that I had taken with me to avoid going back up to my room. My mobility was decreasing and I was tiring and concierge kindly proactively offered me a wheelchair. The staff then made no fuss just matter of factly took me to breakfast where  was assisted. I was wheeled to check out and then kindly found a taxi with a driver who would be patient. All the staff were exemplorary at the Hilton. No fuss just functional help. Thank you.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel ,"Hotel was perfect for families with more than 2 children and want to stay in 1 room which is so hard to find. Rooms were massive and Very comfortable. Lovely pool which again is hard to come by in London, slightly disappointed it was out of use on one day of our stay but these things happen. Only downside was that the minibar was super sensitive so if any bottles moved slightly you'd get charged which you only find out about at check out so I wouldn't avail of the express checkout option just in case.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Experience,"Overall speaking, the hotel is good for its value and services. The only thing I don't like is the chef at the breakfast place, he made omelette and sneezed, and didn't bother to wash his hands, I find that unacceptable.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
2271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole London,Edgeware rd. Great place. Conveniently located. Lots of amenities. Will definitely recommend this place for any one who is traveling to London and wish to stay in a clean upmarket hotel close to the London Underground,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very low service,"Although the lobby of the hotel is very beautiful and nice, the service provided by the hotel is too poor for that level of price. There was no bottle of water in the room, there was no free wifi into the room, the minibar of the room was empty. Furthermore, the cleaneness was very superficial : we found waste on the fllor under the beds. Though, we manage to have a good sleep but it is not enough for that level of price.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Meh!,"This hotel has obviously been around for a while and since then has not been updated. It is clearly dated in decor but has the basics. The TV's in the rooms are old Philips (screams cheap) with only 5 English channels! Not great. The Sports restaurant was empty, however the menu wasn't too bad. Staff were attentive and polite. For the price you pay? Hmmm, I would expect more. This hotel needs a make-over. You can also here what the people in the room next to you are saying ..... not great. ",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Imran Aziz Siddiqui,"Very good stay and service over all, superb location, cooperative staff, excellent stay and service. We will highly recommend others this brand as this is our family favourite hotel in london united kibngdom",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great value for your money,"The Hotel was very nice, Modern. The Hotel is a short walk to Paddington Train Station and the Edgware Road tube station. We choose it because of the King size bed and the price was right for us. Very clean, Friendly staff. Great value for the money.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
2276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor security & shabby rooms,Door handle kept falling off in the bathroom & a car reversed in to ours in their car park & we were told their security could not help as most of the cameras did not work! We also waited over an hour to get in to the restaurant for breakfast due to a conference!,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible Hotel,We booked 5 rooms at the london Hilton metropole.the rooms smelled so bad.They were old and dirty.we didn't even have hor water on the first day. We stayed on the eastern wing and clearly the rooms shown on the Internet is not what we got.The management was of no help and didn't even care about our concerns.I would never recommend this hotel to anyone .what a disappointing stay and service.,Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
2278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good value,"I have stayed here a number of times, and at all times I have found the service and quality to be very consistent. Rooms are not large or spectacular, but they are very comfortable and quite good for the price in London. Rooms are also quiet.  The location is superb. Easy to walk a number of places, across the street from two Underground stations, and a quick walk from Heathrow Express/Paddington. Good exercise room.The hotel is gigantic and bustling, but the staff is very responsive and makes it feel more personal. I'm always happy to stay there.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,2 night stay ,"Easy to get to, close to subway and walking distance to Hyde Park and other tourist attractions. Hotel staff are friendly, rooms are clean and have everything you need. The sports bar was disappointing as the staff were not very attentive when we went for food and drinks. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"If you don't have to, don't do it","I can't offer a positive review of this property...some decent staff but it is more like a factory behind in orders than an accommodating hotel.  Chaotic, rooms that have a stale odor and maintenance requests without responses.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Warning! Unworthy of Hilton parentage,"The hotel looks very grand at the ground level.  Guests, however, will be shocked with some of the room conditions. I was assigned a room where the wardrobe was right at the entrance door and there was no ceiling or wardrobe light to illuminate. When I opened the wardrobe doors, they shielded light from the rest of the room and it was almost pitch darkness. When I asked for a room change, it was met with great reluctance. Avoid this hotel at all costs!",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
2282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired Convention Hotel,"This hotel is huge and in a fairly convenient area.  On the plus side, the hotel has family rooms that accommodate a family of 5 which is rare in Europe.  The breakfast was a full English breakfast which kept us going until dinner time.  Walking distance to Hyde Park and not far from tube and other transportation.  The hotel was just old and tired but the staff were great.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location ,We booked the hotel as we wanted something reasonably close to winter wonderland and this was perfect for that.  Check in was fast and friendly and our room was clean and a great size. We booked a table in the restaurant and the food and service was fantastic.  The bad points of this hotel would be the carpark spaces are small and getting in and out the car was very difficult The lifts were always packed which I hate and because it's so busy it took ages for lifts to arrive.  It's not really a hotel you would visit for a relaxing break because it's so busy and large but it's a great Base for exploring London ,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big disappointment - worst beds ever.,"Having stayed at the hotel previously and been totally happy, we rebooked again. We got what appeared to be the worst room possible stuck in the West Wing - away from the amenities of the hotel!! It had totally the worst beds we had ever slept on ANYWHERE! They creaked on movement, slid and were so hard that we checked and found a board placed between bed and springs. We ended up with backache in the morning and tiredness due to lack of sleep with bed discomfort and a loud whining noise that came, we think, from the toilet. The view, despite having requested a good one, was of a dismal wall to walk grey building and yet we checked in early so a choice should have been available. Such a shame as we were celebrating a special occasion but Hilton should look at this if they wish to…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Place to Stay,"The public areas are modern with sleek clean lines and the service from the employees is attentive and personal. The entire facility is clean and well maintained. Our room was spacious, quiet and very attractively decorated. The bathroom was modern and well supplied. The location is excellent. This is a great place to stay.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Christmas holiday,We stayed at this hotel from 26th to 29th December 2016. The hotel was fine except for one thing. The breakfast at the first two days was served in a big conference room. This was un-cozy and chaotic. The queues to get breakfast was approximately 30 minutes.,Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible hotel,"Room had a strong smell of cigarette smoke, so asked to move, 2nd room on different floor smelled just as bad. I think it's coming through the air conditioning. Noticeable throughout stay and very annoying. Towels smelled of smoke.  Swimming pool closed for time being, no info when it will reopen.  Breakfast is like a zoo, toasters do not work, coffee is terrible.   Beds uncomfortable.   No chair in the room (booked and paid for superior room).  Reception staff not great, don't bother complaining to the manager about the cigarette smell as he conveniently ""cannot smell smoke, ever"". ",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
2288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Thank you Hilton for a lovely experience,Our visit to Hilton was to celebrate my mum's birthday and christmas. We had a lovely time. I want to say a special thank you to Anthony Beizet for helping to make my mum's birthday special.  I would recommend Hilton Metrapole to my friends and family. Many thanks,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Stayed at the Hilton Metropole in NOvember 2016 on a business trip. Overall, an ok stay, but nothing exceptional  Reception was understaffed at arrival - tried to use the HHonors line, but no agents available and a very long line at the regular desk.  Eventually (after 10 minutes) two agents started manning the HHonors stations.  Room was ok - decor is not the greatest, but rooms were clean.  refrigerator/ minibar in the room was not functioning and it took 2 days to get another refrigerator brought to the room.  Heating system was not able to get the temperature to a comfortable level, but hotel provided a radiator within a few minutes.  Executive lounge is nice for a quick continental breakfast or a drink at night - but can get very crowded.  Same for the main breakfast…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great for price and location. ,Just returned from a week here with family of 4.   Had a Queen superior room.  Room was clean and spacious for London standards.  I noticed other reviews complaining of cleanliness but we had no issues.   A cleaning supervisor always seemed to be hovering over cleaning ladies.    Breakfast was good as was executive lounge.  Several subway stops nearby.  Main complaint was size of hotel.  We were in the west tower and it was quite a distance to the lobby.  ,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location. Too expensive ,"The hotel is conveniently located near Paddington Station (3 blocks away). The renovated rooms are comfortable and clean, although the ""old"" tower offers very outdated,  small smelly rooms at a very high price. As a HH Gold member, quite disappointed with this Hilton Property. ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
2292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Okay accommodations but stay at the other Hilton closer to Hyde Park,"The hotel is very average. The beds were very uncomfortable, not the Hilton beds you're used to in the USA. We requested a room facing South (towards London city center) & our original room assignment was facing South though when we got to the room, the key wasn't working, only to find out that room had a work order on it for a broken lock & wasn't available. They reassigned our room to face the beautiful police station & a construction site! One night we had dinner in the restaurant on the 23rd floor which does offer a beautiful view of downtown London, however that's where the good experience stops. The restaurant is dingy, decor out of the 80's, club music with vulgar language playing during dinner hours, minimal menu options, & below average service with high prices! Go…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"great location, horrible beds","Great location! Nice family hotel with family rooms (sleeps 5) nice size with good breakfast. Beds were very horrible to sleep on, they creak with every move. Kids move we woke up, we moved... we woke up... bad nights sleep overall. They really need to change the beds, worst part of an otherwise nice stay.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"great location,horrible beds","Great family hotel with family room that fits 5. Great location and nice concierge service who was friendly and very helpful. Beds were very horrible to sleep on, they creak and make noise with every movement. Kids move we wake up, we move we wake up... bad nights sleep all the time! They need to change all the beds!",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Short stay in London,"A short two day trip with family to London. Stayed in a 2 queen bedroom in the West Wing. It is a busy downtown hotel. Serves the purpose if you want to stay close to Oxford Street and not pay too much but still have the basic Hilton comforts. Breakfast was good, though the place was extremely crowded. It was during Christmas holidays, so I understand that. Overall, good value for money!",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good,"Excellent location and would definitely come again for the next visit. Hotel breakfast is good, it would be better if there were some changes on the breakfast once a week. Internet connection was great!",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"Spent a week over Christmas in a family room which was perfect. An impressively large room with two queen size beds plus a sofa bed and two large flat screen TVs. Breakfast was a bit of a strange experience, held at a ballroom yet it got so busy that they'd be long queues at the entrance. The choice and quality of breakfast does make up for it being so busy though. And though we did enjoy our stay and we did did the hotel to be quite centrally located still we weren't particularly happy with Edgware street.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bad....really bad experience.,"I've stayed in many Hilton hotels in UK and Europe but this one was worst of them. Even Hampton hotel in Berlin was better!  The Bad : long check in process (30min.) , staff lack of training (they did  not follow Hilton guidelines!) , I receive wrong room instead 1 double bed and 1 single I had to stay in 3 singles!!!! (staff informed me that I cant get upgrade or get another room- even I'm gold member!), housekeeping did not clean my room on 2nd day of my stay I had to call them to come and clean! , swimming pool water was very cold and.... DIRTY with green algae at bottom of swimming pool, I had to call 4 times maintenance to fix my desk light/bedside light/safe/spotlight as each time he came and fix 1 thing!!! , breakfast experience horrible ! no one show up to give me tea or…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in good area,"This is a hotel with average standard. We stayed in an executive king suite and was a little disapointed. The standards in England seems to be far behind the rest of Europe. The lounge access coming with the upgraded room is not much to speak about. Long lines to get a table in the breakfast area. They score on location, easy to get arround from the hotel. We traveled from marlyebone station near to the hotel to Bicester village one day, big outlet with 100 + top brands stores.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,West Wing Rooms poor,"We stayed in room 1187 on the 30/12/16 to do shopping/theatre trip. Very disappointed that the beds was extremely poor, toilet didn't work correctly and extremely noisy. The view from the window was poor with cracked glass at the top of the window. This trip was booked as a special trip and felt really let down. Not the usual Hilton standard.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Close to train station,It is close to the paddington station so convenient to/from airport. M&S dept store including supermarket is right across the street. The hotel is huge devided into east and west towers. The reception can he crowded in the morning and around 3pm for check in and out. Still  it was a convenient and pleasant stay.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't be fooled by the nice lobby,"We arrived on a Saturday afternoon ready to relax in our room after a long flight from America. We were told that the rooms would be ready at 3:00pm. Only one of the rooms was ready by 4:30pm. When we finally checked in, we were extremely disappointed at the condition of the room. The room was filthy. It looked like it was last updated in 1991. The carpet was so dirty, I didn't want to take off my shoes. Thank goodness we were only staying for 2 nights. However, the lobby and restaurants were very nice. This hotel is within walking distance to Paddington station and Edgware Rd.station.The staff was friendly and offered us a complimentary breakfast because the rooms were not ready by 3pm.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole London,Reasonable value for money. Room a little small. Central location. Breakfast good value. Dinner on level 23 good and good value also. Rapid elevator service to room. Pool  a reasonable size. Hotel should adjust address from Edgware Road as no stopping there. ,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Superb Hotel   Very Central for everything,"I have stayed at this hotel many times and have always been very happy with the service, The rooms are large and very nicely furbished.  Staff are very pleasant and always on hand to help in many ways. The hotel is situated well for the shops and in easy reach of The West End.  Many restaurants in the area, although the hotel restaurant is very good. Breakfast is amazing with so much choice.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Still my favourite West End Hotel!,I have stayed at the metropole many times before and i do love the property. The rooms are far larger than standard for this part of london. Very comfortable. Very clean inside the rooms. Good food. So many choices for bars/food and 24hour services and their executive lounge is very good!  Stayed here for Christmas this year and the hotel was INCREDIBLY busy. I think they were pretty much fully booked. I requested a room in the west wing which I was granted (I far prefer the style these rooms to the style of the east wing or tower but that's my preference rather than a comment on quality) The only minor complaint I had which others may want to avoid is that the west wing was FULL of families with little kids. Between the babies screaming. Little kids banging on doors. Falling…,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Executive Rooms Need Refurbishing,"We stayed in the London Metropole Hilton for several days towards the end of the month.   Brief comments : this is a very large hotel with very good staff, always friendly and efficient, and good food and service in the club lounge.  Main reason for hesitation about this hotel is that the executive rooms are tired, old and badly in need of redoing !  The room to which we were initially assigned was small and dark. The club lounge is also in need of refurbishment. Carpets and hallways are old and tired looking in our wing of the hotel. One would think that Hilton would not allow this to happen in one of their largest properties in Europe.  We chose the hotel because of location near Little Venice ...  Would we stay here again ... I am not sure.  ",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel,"Fabulous hotel, service, staff were very friendly and helpful but only disappointment is that the pool water temperature was too cool but still come back though . Great location close to shopping district and great restaurants ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family trip,"Great location, slow check in but very helpful staff. Close to tube and 15 minute walk to Hyde Park. Spacious room. Mega expensive mini bar £4 for water!! Restaurant on floor 23 excellent, breakfast busy but good food. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to scratch,"Not even close to Hilton standards. The room was stinking and it cost £120 to upgrade to a non stinking room. Woeful service from the staff, asked 4 times for coffee at breakfast time and still never received coffee.   Wouldn't recommend it and would go to any other hotel in future",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor customer service,"My family of 5 arrived at Hilton London Metropole on 21 Dec 2016 and we were told that instead of 2 rooms (1 double and 1 triple) that we had booked and paid for, the hotel system showed that our triple room had been canceled by our travel agent. The staff who handled our case was quite rude and she insisted that we should call our travel agent ourselves to sort it out, even though we explained that it was 2am in Singapore. After much back and forth, she finally got us a triple room after we agreed to pay for the room again (despite having already paid for it in the first place). We sent an email to our travel agent in Singapore and followed up with a call the next morning.  It turned out that our travel agent had not canceled our room at all and the issue was with Hilton's…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay,"I enjoyed the stay at the hotel.  It was very easy to access the Underground and also an easy walk to Paddington Station.  Even though I had arrived very early I was still able to check-in and have time to unwind before my afternoon meetings.  They even upgraded my room, which was a very nice bonus!  Would stay again.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A fair review.,"My son, wife and mother in law just spent a night at the hotel.  Here's some stuff points about tgs hotel.  Pro: - excellent location, a two minute walk from edge ware underground.  - lobby and entrance is really well done, you've got a shop down there and some places to eat, this can't be faulted.  - excellent gym and pool on the second floor which we took advantage of.  - underground parking.  - views from the 23rd floor bar are stunning.  Con  - our room was outdated, the bathroom needed regrouting, repainting, probably ripping out and redoing as new really. It was a dark room with a view directly inside of a wall, so no view at all really. This is tricky, the hotel being where it is, it is of course going to have some rooms with this view, they can't change the position of…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing,"I stayed there for a weekend with a friend. We booked the room by and external servidor, and when we arrived there everything was a problem. We changed the room 3 times, because they messed up.. At least they upgrade us with a breakfast..  Also, when you check-in in the hotel they take £60 por security, and after a week that i check out, im still waiting for this money back on my bank account.  When i booked for this hotel i thought that would have good standards as other hiltons around the world, but i left very very very dissapointed..",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hair Dryer,"Stayed in this hotel for the weekend.  It was packed with guest.  The reception staff is welcoming and warm.  We dont have to wait for our room as we were given the key straight away even it isnt check in time. The room is big, the bed is massive and very comfortable. It is clean and no complains of the hotels cleanliness..  The only one missing is the hair dryer inside the room but it was promptly delivered when requested to. The breakfast is okey and plenty of selections.  The hotel price is a bit high but that's London for you.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Unimpressed, seriously go elsewhere.","One night into a 4 night stay, and not remotely impressed. The buildings are carpets are antiquated, and the whole place is in desperate need of an upgrade. The first room I was allocated was disgusting, and I was then downgraded as no other options were available. Breakfast was pleasant enough, but way too busy and noticed as I was leaving there was at least a 20 minute queue just for people to get a table, let alone to the actual food.   Debating asking for a full refund and going elsewhere, this was supposed to be for my girlfriends birthday, it's been a massive disappoint. Seems strange for a Hilton, but don't let the brand name in the title fool you like it did me!",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs work...,I stay in this accommodation regularly for work and find it very poor by Hilton standards.  The service is very average and even being a Diamond member you are treated as just another number.  Gym is always overcrowded due to its size and the hotel is in need of a complete overhaul.  The West Wing is the exception to this but you have to accept the long walk to and from it. I try to avoid staying here where possible. ,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor and getting worse,"After checking in online but realising that I would be arriving very, very late for my pre-paid room, I telephoned the hotel to let them know. Sarah, a reception agent, the first person to whom I spoke found my notification amusing but agreed to ask someone to call me back. Christina from their Magic Department - yes, it really is called Magic - acknowledged my request and said that she would take care of it. The only Magic she managed was making my request disappear. When I tried to check in, I was told that I had been a no show, and was asked to pay again. After 15 pointless minutes and consultations with her superiors I was given a room, but not the one I had reserved.  The room itself was in poor condition but the shower was almost unusable. The shower head was fixed to…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel Overall,"This hotel is close to the Lebanese(?) part of London.  Lots of eating places around.  There is a small Marks & Spencer across.  There is a concierge that is very helpful, in fact all the staff we encountered were very pleasant and helpful.  Best of all we felt very secure inside this hotel.  The décor and ambiance made you feel comfortable.  The buffet breakfast was outstanding.  Lots of choices and efficient service.  This is why its always good to stick with a good hotel chain like Hilton, they do not disappoint at all.  This hotel was booked through a tour.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Conference ,"I had the pleasure to stay for two nights at the Hilton Metropole. As expected it was an enjoyable stay. Excellent hotel, good breakfast and good location. One remark: the skybar could use a make-over. It looks a bit dated.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful room,"This was probably the worst stay in a supposedly 4-5 star for some time. Long wait for check in. Room, whilst clean, was shabby, dark and in desperate need of refurbishment. Check out: guess? Yes, queue again. And, whilst they took happily 30 pounds deposit, because I could help myself from the empty minibar, I had sign 2 documents to get my money back, plus produce and ID because that Mrs at the check out had some suspicions. To put injury to insult, I was then asked ""how would you like you 30 pounds back sir?"" All in all, awful. Nothing else. ",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice,The breakfasts at a Hilton are always amazing! The rooms I thought were slightly outdated and I think the bathroom could be a bit more modernised. The beds are a decent size and it is in a great location.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Don't believe all the negative reviews of this hotel, we read them and we're very reluctant due to some of the bad reviews but because we were only staying 1 day and the location was perfect for us we took a chance. The hotel is absolutely fantastic, clean, good customer service and gray location for Hyde park. We were so glad we booked this hotel and would not hesitate in booking again",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Look Elsewhere,"Not a good hotel at all, especially by Hilton standards.  I booked two adjoining rooms, which itself was nothing short of a nightmare, as they wouldn't guarantee that we could have them. In the end we were allocated them on the tenth floor. The adjoining room had barely enough room to squeeze around the bed, stains on the carpets and peeling paint in the bathrooms - £600 !!  We arrived back to the rooms after the first day and the maid hadn't been. We waited and waited and then after speaking with reception we were told that you had to request new towels etc. The strangest thing I have ever heard, especially considering this is a 4 star hotel.  Don't bother with the £17 hotel breakfast. Not only is it over priced, you have to queue for up to thirty minutes to get seated. There…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very disappointing afternoon tea,"Four friends and I went for the Freeflowing Prosecco Afternoon Tea as a Christmas treat before the holidays. Upon arrival, we waited for 30 minutes before anyone came over to see us, and then when the waiter did finally come, he asked us very bluntly what we wanted. When we said we had booked the afternoon tea, he then asked us what tea we would like whilst he himself held the only menu but struggled to find the tea options, which meant we all just had to guess which tea might be avaliable. The prosecco then took a further 10 minutes to arrive, followed by a further 15 minute wait for the tea and food. The sandwiches we stale, and there was very little jam for the scones (although weirdly we were also given marmalade). The prosecco was not free flowing and we had to ask…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely weekend stay,"After reading some of the trip advisors on here I was slightly worried that we would be disappointed, but we was not. We stayed on the 18th floor which seemed to be newly renovated. The staff were helpful and the hotel is just a two minute walk from Edgware station so brilliant location to get to Oxford street etc. The only negative points are the rooms are fairly small and the bed is quite hard but not uncomfortable. ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Winter wonderland🎄,"Stayed here for one night 17-18th December as a base for winter wonderland. Arrived early at 1130 asked if room was ready and it was which we was very happy about as we wanted to put stuff in room and go out! I'd checked in online and chosen my room 877, which was a lovely room! Comfy beds! Had no problems here whatsoever! Parked car easily, and breakfast was lovely!!! Thankyou very much for a lovely stay x",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Hotel,very close to Underground",We really enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Metropole. The room was very good and the quality and choice of food at breakfast was excellent. The pool and fitness room were an added bonus.  The hotel is only a few minutes walk to Edgeware and Bakerloo underground stations. We have tried several hotels over the last few years and this one is the best.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Queueing - Terrible,"Unbelievable queueing for breakfast.  You queue to get in to the restaurant and then every type of breakfast you want has about 40 people queueing for it.  What chaos.  Check-in - queuing again, waiting 15 minutes to check-in.  Get to a lift- queueing again",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Where do I begin..,"Upon arrival around 8pm we waited to speak to one of the members of staff, we were told that they had a system error which meant that they were fully booked and had to find rooms for us, despite booking well in advance for 6 adults (two doubles in one superior room and one superior room with a queen bed).  We were given free drink vouchers for the bar within the hotel which was nice considering the train strikes and the 3 hour journey lugging ourselves and all of our belongings. We enjoyed the drinks and headed back to the reception..  good news and bad news from the lady, one room had been ""upgraded""(will explain) and the other double room had been downgraded to 2 rooms with twin single beds(that cannot even be pushed together) not to mention being split up to separate wings of…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Stay,"Many many problems indeed - The waiters at restaurant have no manner at all, crushing the dishes, glasses from time to time. Charging the guest for overnight luggage which I have spent 8 nights there. Asked the concierge to print stuff for me, they have no plans to tell me the printer had broken and only let me know until I go after them and ask. The room was not cleaned at the same standard every day. There is a time they put the extra pillows on the floor. Unbelievable standard and I did not expect this from Hilton.  Avoid if you can.",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Return after return,"I have stated in this hotel, time and time over. Have seen all the lobby updates. Executive rooms are still "" tired"". The rooms are clean,and comfortable bed. Breakfast is very good, though I see a cut back compared to the  past. Front desk and conceige, very polite and helpful. Try to avoid rooms facing edgeware road as the glazing is not too good and the rooms are noisy",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay with excellent breakfast and courteous staff,"Centrally located hotel which is big and very busy but conveniently located within walking distance of Paddington and Edgware Road metro/train stations. It is roughly a 10-minute walk to Marble Arch. We were located in the West Wing of the hotel and had a very spacious room which was very clean and had all the necessary amenities. Wifi was very good.  Breakfast in the Fiamma restaurant was excellent where omelettes are made to order in front of you and you had a wide selection of food items to choose from. Staff at breakfast are to be commended for their professional and courteous service and Juliet who came round with the pastry basket personifies what excellent customer service is all about. Checking in to the hotel was good, in spite of the queue, and the express checkout…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,brilliant,"This hotel has a great location five minute walk from Paddington station,across the road is edgeware underground,and if you like to walk you can walk to Marble Arch and oxford street in twenty minutes,also the staff are really warm and friendly nothing is to much trouble they all made our stay very enjoyable.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good staff and hotel experience,Extremely well looked after by the team at Hilton Metropole. Natasha at breakfast was brilliant with our two daughters. Food was well prepared and all the staff were pleasant helpful and knowledgeable.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Extremely disappointed not what we were expecting from a Hilton,"Superior Family Room - Overall standard and service of Hotel and accommodation for the money paid was definitely not worth warranting a stay at this hotel.  Followed online check-in selected room etc gave arrival time of 4pm didn't actually arrive until gone 4.30pm room not available so do not understand why we had to follow this process. No water pressure in room difficult in our family of 4 having enough water to shower. Breakfast charged £12 per adult, not offered tea or coffee, no juice or replenishment of food at buffet breakfast when asked staff for ketchup for children being advised ""not my fault we've run out"".  Ice machine not working when mentioned to staff being told it's very old and go down 2 floors lower as that one worked!  Restaurant -children not being offered…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,my recent stay in Hilton London Metropole,"I stayed for 6 nights recently. As usual service was good and staffs were friendly. At the time of check in as well as check out, I had to spend quite sometime due to long queue. This I experienced last time also. It would be good if more staffs were made available. Apart from that, I didnt find any issues. Room was clean and housekeeping did good service. Overall it was a good stay.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel experience,"We started our Globus tour at the London Hilton Metropole hotel. It is a very busy hotel with lots of diversity, staff, and amenities. Our room was very well appointed, immaculate, and a very clean bathroom. The bathroom had a tub and a shower. The room was a very satisfactory size for two people. The wifi was not complimentary.  The breakfast buffet had everything from an omelet station, breads, meats, cereals, cheeses, juices, and coffee/ tea. The food was excellent, and well stocked. There are several seating areas including bar areas on the main floor. Excellent service! The staff is extremely accommodating, and friendly. There is a Globus tour office right in the Hilton's lobby which was so convenient. The Globus staff was exceptional !  The hotel is in a very convenient…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A great base in London,"Until this occasion I would not of thought about staying in this part of London and the idea of being next to a major road was a bit daunting. But you soon realise what a great location this hotel really is. There are 2 Underground stations within 3 minutes of the hotel, both called Edgware Road but one serves the Bakerloo, the other, Central and District. From either of these stations you can reach almost anywhere in London either directly or by a simple change. Located on Edgware Road itself is convenient for buses and walking to the city with Hyde Park a leisurely stroll even with our toddler.   The hotel was comfortable, we arrived after midnight on our first night owing to flight delays and found the check in swift and straight forward. The only downside was our room was in…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,At this price there are better alternatives,"I stayed on the 03/12/16 in a Queen Superior room.  I had my wife and two adult daughters with me.  I booked 6 months in advance and used the hotel as a base to go to winterwonderland in Hyde Park.  We did the same  last year and were really pleased with our stay.  I am also a HH member and got the room, including breakfast for £184.80.  This is a good price when you consider the breakfast is charged at £19.50.  Our room last year was modern, clean, well decorated and spacious.  This year we were in room 576 in the West Wing.  The room looked tired and the bathroom was far from "" elegant bathroom"" as described on the Hilton site.  The bathroom was shabby and not in a Chic way.  The tile grout was badly discoloured, the shower riser was broken and came away from the wall when the…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice,"It's a nice hotel. 4 star standard but very good 4 so I rated it 5 cause we really enjoyed our trip to London! :) Staff is mostly friendly, gents at concierge guests are the best!! Must mention Byran and Brian (hope I wrote names correctly :D ) They were VERY helpful!! BOTH so professional,made our stay much easier! True gents! Future managers I'd say!  :) Our room was very clean and it had amazing view to city! (14th floor).  Everything was great except there is the waiting line for the restaurant so we decided to eat out every day.. But this hotel is definitely worth a visit- Everything and I Mean EVERYTHING is so close! Metro is across the hotel...Wherever you go , you're there in 5 minutes! We'll definitely come back! ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location yet expensive,"We were there for an event so the room’s selection, pricing and its surrounding was governed from the event’s budget. The cons: The Hotel is significantly expensive for the provided services and maybe a room renovation would be beneficial, so price will be compliant with the common people’s rooms’ interior. It is a typical Hilton and everything are running with standard operating procedure, from the reception welcome to the staff to the inside shops, no deviations. The pros: Well, there are some. It is located in a walking distance from Paddington Station and Edgeware Road tube station, very but very convenient for our daily transportation avoiding London’s traffic. It features a beautiful inside swimming pool, we did not try it due to time but the sight from the elevator was…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shambles,"Booked this hotel whilst my wife, daughter (8 years of age) and myself decided to spend a weekend in London taking in shows and Winter wonderland in Hyde Park. This hotel experience completely stressed us out after a heavy day. We had booked a room with what was supposed to be two queen beds. We did this as we did not want to have our daughter putting up with the sofa beds which are often less than ideal. We arrived after a full day at just after 10pm, we found ourselves standing in what did not seem a long queue however, due to too few staff on desk who were also slow, it took almost 30 mins before we were seen to. When we finally checked in we then discovered that the hotel system had over booked the rooms and we were told we had to have an alternative room with 1 King bed and…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good quality, a bit outdated ","The first impressions were very good as the common areas are modern and up to date, staff was nice and useful. The room and the executive floor could really use a renovation, I particularly had issues with the door lock, which was very frustrating to operate, would not open most of the times. Besides that the hotel offers good value for the money, so I could stay here again, being the location a fundamental factor in the choice. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Stay,"This hotel was one of the cheaper options for us, thus why I booked. The check in took a long time, the room was not ready so we were asked to come back which was fine as we wanted the day in London. We came back at 4ish only to find out that there was only a twin room or smoking room that was available, I didn't want either so complained and got an executive room. This room was fine, good size, bed like sleeping on a plank of wood but luckily we were only staying for a night.   The area itself is interesting, the tube is very conveniently located however not impressed by the streets around, if you want HALAL restaurants etc (I do not) this is the place to come....",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful - terrible value for money,"Terrible experience. Long wait to check in, and asked for a quiet room. Allocated room directly by noisy old lift shaft.. key doesn't work. Return to reception, cue queue again.. new room, new key. Quieter location, stinks of old cigarette smoke. Stained carpet and bed throw, chipped off veneer, cracked old bathroom sealant (should I continue, light bulbs blown etc.?)... changing to go out, then surprised by ANOTHER GUEST entering my room - with their key card, which they've just checked in with. Shock for both parties and some serious security concerns on my part! Will avoid staying again - grotty, grotty, grotty. Way better value hotels locally, so don't get lullled by the comfort of a brand name hotel! Will be requesting compensation :(",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel is vastly over-rated and needs urgent renovations. 3-star at best !,"This hotel was one of the worst experiences that we have ever had !! Carpets with ugly stains, woken up in middle of night with drunken guests in next room because of connecting doorway not being sound-proofed, TV remote not working, windows that would not close properly, thermostat that would not respond to settings, etc. This hotel",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location,Hilton Metropole is brilliantly located hotel.  Easy access to events in Hyde Park and walking distance to them and great shops on Oxford Street ( Selfridges etc ). Taxis are always outside so no problem going further afield.  Great staff and food and nothing is too much trouble.  Front desk / Concierge is outstanding and eventhough it seems to be a very busy hotel which is understandable given the location you always get served quickly and check out can be done automatically using the in room phone and a code which is even better.  no queues ! Excellent.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Met Edware road,"Absolutely brillant , very convenient, 2 tube stations close buy   ,bakerloo line and circle. so many shops on the door step.  Hotel breakfast was out brillant lots of choice , staff all worked hard and any request is no problem",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, good price, comfy","Found a good deal for this hotel on lastminute.com. Great location and good service, was offered a free upgrade when I checked in which was a welcome touch. I was not impressed with the mandatory deposit you have to pay at check-in though even once you've paid for the room in full. And was told the money might not even be put back on the card for 10 days. I was told it was mandatory which seems a bit of a joke given this gives all the illusion of being an upmarket hotel. Room was clean with very comfy bed. Quiet despite busy location. But even deluxe rooms are quite small so if you want space, I would advise paying for the top rooms. Good views of city. Main bedroom good quality and modern interior but bathrooms need an upgrade. Plenty of space downstairs for drinks and…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very busy hotel,"This hotel is in a great location, near Tubes, shops, etc, however this hotel is extremely busy. Didn't feel relaxing at all. We decided to eat at the Sports Bar as we hadn't reserved a table at the restaurant & although the staff were very helpful, once we had ordered our food & drinks, we had a long wait. We could see our drinks had been poured but were left on the bar far too long & we had to prompt the bar staff. My partners food arrived and looked & tasted nice & I was told mine was on its way. My food arrived at least 20 mins later by which time my partner had finished & again I had to prompt the staff. Not an experience we expected from a hotel like the Hilton. Our room was clean & spacious & the best part of the experience. Breakfast was a disaster. We had to wait at…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible. I have stayed in better budget hotels,"Executive room was like a gold fish bowl, with internal windows overlooking a corridor and the swimming pool below.The heating could not be turned down and the windows couldn't be opened. I now know what a prison cell must feel like! Wi fi was extra and not very effective when it did work and mobile signal poor.  Whatever time of the day the water in the shower was tepid at best and general facilities outdated. Considering it is marketed as a luxury conference facility there are few, if any, endearing features. The executive lounge for breakfast was perhaps the high point in a series of lows, although to be used more as a refuge from the poor standard of the accommodation. Honestly I have stayed in travel lodges which offer a more comfortable stay. Poor . ",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Quality hotel with small faults ,"My girlfriend and I spent a weekend at the hotel. It is in a good location.   Breakfast is superb although you have to time it right or you will be waiting to get in.   Room is spacious with a comfy bed and pillows.   Now for the moan:   The price of drinks is expensive in the hotel, but you need to be careful of the added 10% ""service charge"", what is that all about? To me this is daylight robbery and I will never buy from the bar again.   ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Grand in the public areas but dated behind the doors ,Hotel lobby grand but hotel is in 2 sections or wings. We booked a superior room with 2 doubles. First impression room was ok until you got on the beds and they creak every time you move. The air conditioner was hard to control it was too hot. The bathrooms were small and old. The first room we got our window looked into the lift lobby. We were moved to another room but beds and air the same. This hotel is huge and packed with people. I wouldn't stay here again. We are Hilton honours members as well. We will rethink bookings in other countries now ,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay but a few issues,"First time at the hotel and nothing really bad. Comfortable bed, smallish bathroom and flush not working properly. Breakfast had large queu but to be fair it moved quickly and we had a reasonable breakfast. Only here for 1 night and cleaner woke up as 8.00, they should do that after checkout. Staying a few times in the near future including excecutive rooms so will update accordingly.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Full Service London Hotel and handicapped accessible,"I prefer a big city hotel with all the amenities and this hotel fits that description. They offer a car service to pick you up at the airport and bring you back, or they offer a service to check in your luggage and have it sent for the flight if you have a late flight, they have a concierge lounge that serves a continental breakfast, English tea with scones, cake and sandwiches and snacks and beverages at most times.  I recommend paying for the hotel English breakfast., which is one of the fullest I have ever encountered with an abundance of delicious items already prepared plus eggs, omelets and soft boiled eggs cooked to order, chicken sausage, regular bacon and sausage, different kinds of bread, fish, cheese, fruit, etc. etc.  The service was excellent and when we needed help…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,When only the best will do,"I would highly recommend this place. Breakfast was excellent, wide choice, staff extremely friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay there again . The room was very clean and the beds were very comfortable, all amenities are included.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend away with young kids ,"Check in was really fast, the kids where given chocolates, which made them happy! location ideal for young families with children as not far to the tube, which is on bakerloo, circle and Hammersmith line, so perfect for for shopping, winter wonderland, museums and Madame Tussaud's . The bedrooms are spacious, clean, modern and very warm. We were on the 12th floor and lifts where no problem. Midweek this hotel is quiet, but very loud on the weekend, doors banging and people in the corridors. Room service was quick and plenty of films to choose from for the kids. Check out really fast and staff where very helpful and took time to talk even at busy periods. Would definitely stay again with either family, or as a couple! ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really Poor,"Have stayed here on several occasions but this time was an unmitigated disaster. Untrained staff on Reception. A change of room I had not asked for despite having checked in online. The room number written for me was unclear and necessitated a trip back to Reception. The person on Reception knew nothing of the drinks vouchers that had been left for me. TV in room not working - another trip to Reception No bar of soap in room - a pretty basic requirement. No bottled water until I was given a voucher due to the issues I had experienced. After a day at work, a 2 hour train ride and a 10 minute walk to the hotel all I wanted was to relax Fat chance.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel if you are allocated the West Wing.,Love a Grand Vacations Property and didn't know they had any in London. Stayed in the West Wing which has great views and has been refurbed. 5 minutes walk to Paddington Station. The reception area is smart and they have a number of restaurants and shops. I would recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely,"We stayed here before, as then it was fantastic. All the staff are very helpful. It's a great location, across the road form Edgware Station and 15 minute walk to Marble Arch. All the local restaurants are beautiful. ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Allergy suffers beware,Conference meal asked if nuts in stater put on table no choice pre determined menu  Question to waiter does the dish contain nuts? Answer don't know put plate in front of me and walked off  Next waiter can I have allergy chart  Yes I will get it never came back  Not good enough,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,PERFECT,The perfect way of staying in London for a weekend...or longer. We had a MARVELLOUS time in Hilton Metropole and we will MOST CERTAINLY do it again. Some problems thou with the central heating but it was fixed the next day.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Just remember, you are a guest and interrupt our procedures","This hotel is tired and soulless.  Hard to imagine how a hotel which was such a great brand and icon could have fallen so far. Checkin queues reminiscent of the 1970s behind the Iron Curtain.  Staff demeanour similar.  A suitable slogan could be ""I don't know what you need, but the answer is ""no"".  Pricing on the high side for the rooms and service but it seems they do get away with it.  Breakfast three floors below ground in a beige and brown windowless noisy hall.  The politbureau would feel right at home.  Two stars not one as bar staff ok - but be prepared for price shocks.  House white wine a tenner for a small glass.  And cheeky addition of a service charge AND then a request for a further tip.  Best tip - avoid if you can.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Off the Beaten Path but on the Underground,The Hotel is out of the way but is a quick underground ride to anything you want to see.  My room was newly remodeled and very nice.  Small which is typical in Europe.  It is kind of expensive for the out of the way location.  Good restaurant close by too. The Hotel Rooftop bar and restaurant sucks.  Don't bother.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A brand that no longer means quality,"I checked into my first room at this hotel and quickly followed that by a phone call to change rooms. I was told that the hotel was fully booked. When I asked what they were going to do about my uncomfortable mattress and curtains that didn't close I was put on hold, and then magically I had a choice of two rooms to move to. Granted I was moving from the most enormous bed to a twin room but for a good night's sleep I'm happy with that. The concierge told me what a lovely room I was moving from which speaks volumes about what awaits in other rooms... But a pretty room meant for sleeping doesn't do the job if you can't sleep in it!   I'm in my second room now and sadly both mattresses also seem to be rather worse for wear and could have done with replacement a long time ago. At…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel,"Whilst not big by US standards, for London it's big. That generally means your room may be a little way away from the facilities.  However, it's not a bad place to stay and there are often some decent deals available.  Good bars and restaurants, so worth a visit.  Not so central but plenty of taxis and the tube is just across the road.  Very busy when large conferences held there. ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"Stayed here sat night hotel is lovely room was clean and big. King deluxe room looking over London lovely views , we went in sports bar for a drink only had one as it was £13-75 for 2 lagers very expensive didn't price the food was scared too.  9am following morning the cleaner knocked on woke us wanting to clean are room , when I tried to explain was little early she didn't understand I didn't see one English member of staff to ask what time we had to vacate our room no one seemed to understand so we left 9-30 as she was waiting in corridor, qued half hour for breakfast when we got in dining hall it was hectic waste of £18  don't think I would stay here again as prices where very expensive",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very busy executive lounge,"The first impressions are really very good at this hotel. I entered from Edgware Road (this place is so big it has multiple entrances!) and was made with a large, very nicely appointed lobby with several check in desks. I waited no more than a couple of minutes to check in. I have Diamond status with Hilton and enquired if I had been upgraded. I hadn't so far, but the nice lady on the desk saw to that and put me in a deluxe room on a high floor. The place was extremely busy, which turned out to be because it was the venue for World Rugby Conference and Expo, which as a rugby fan I thought was pretty cool. I almost bumped into Bill Beaumont on my way to the gym one evening (which was very busy, probably due to large numbers of sports people staying). The room was large, with 2…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Bad at all if you get a good deal,"Stayed here for one night on a business trip. Common areas are nice,  bright and airy. It is a busy hotel with lots of people moving about.  My Check In was very quick and painless.  My colleagues had a bit of a wait checking in as a group. The insist on you registering a credit/debit card.  Room was a good size, bed was enormous, really comfortable too. It was clean. The mini bar was not filled, apparently you need to request it to be filled. but there are lots of shops nearby if you want to stock up on drinks/snacks. Main problem in the room was the bath panel in the bathroom, wooden, paint peeling and flaking.  Really let down the rest of the space.  Bar on the 23rd Fl. is okay, open until 3.00am. Nice place to sit and look across the city.  Good location and easy to get to…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Robbed blind!!!,"This hotel was the worst overnight experience  me and my fiancé have had! We arrived at the Hilton excited for our stay and was offered an upgrade on our room for £20 to the 'deluxe' room which we paid and was excited to get in our room. Well unfortunately that is where the excitement ended as our room was no better if not actually worse than a travel lodge room but for a much bigger price tag! Our room had no refreshments at all not even a bottle of water, the curtain rail was hanging off and the air con unit was broken and our room stayed at 24.5 degrees overnight so was extremely uncomfortable. We had phoned down to room service and requested a bucket of ice and some champagne glasses as had taken a bottle away with us that was a gift, in the end we gave up and used the…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
2371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large and very busy hotel,"I was pleased with my free upgrade to the Johnson Suite, which was well appointed. The Executive Lounge was ok, but small. I was disappointed that the location for breakfast was not highlighted, as we ate in the overflow area which was very busy and we had to wait quite some time to be seated and served.  It was ok but I don't believe it was great value for a London hotel.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,breakfast a disaster,"Let us start with the positives.  The room was pleasant enough - clean, comfortable bed and quite spacious for that part of London (King size room) and well priced at 200 pounds a night on HHonors.  Staff helpful.  Now, the real negative (and I know this may be a foible..).  The hotel was first built in the 70s and now has over 1000 rooms with various extensions.  Unfortunately it has the one, relatively small breakfast area.when the hotel occupancy is high it just cannot physically cope, despite the goodwill of the staff. On Sunday morning long, long lines and inside - crowded and exceptionally noisy. Recognising that the infrastructure is no longer fit for purpose they set up a temporary breakfast area in one of the large ball rooms which holds hundreds (and did) with food on…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Strange check in,"I am a gold member of the Hilton honours frequent guest scheme. I have also stayed at this place every week for the last month. So Hilton know who I am.  On check in the lady at reception thanked me for my loyalty etc AND THEN ASKED FOR PROOF OF ID! The inconsistency is baffling. Then she asks for a £30 safety deposit for each night of the stay, even after I had pad for the rooms. She needed to see the credit card even though it's registered on the Hilton honours and their shiny new app! Anyway it's quite a nice hotel if a bit impersonal. Seems like the Hilton honours loyalty scheme is not worth that much, even at the gold level! One last point - all that stuff about room upgrades - forget it - you get what you pay for on this place.   Rooms are clean and avoid lower floors…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
2374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"This isn't the first time at this hotel and again it didn't disappoint. We opted for deluxe room and had a room on the 17 floor with a distant view of the winter wonderland in Hyde park. The room was immaculate, clean well presented and looked like a recent refurb. Check in was quick and painless and breakfast was varied and of a high quality.  With a 10 minute tube to st Pancras it was easily accessible for us then from the hotel we basically walked the rest of the time   It took us a brisk 15 minute walk to Marble Arch from there we took oxford street. When we visit London again we will defiantly consider this hotel without a doubt ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Could have been better... but there are some great things about this hotel,"Well... as a Platinum/Diamond member of the HHonors program, and having earned that with close to 100 nights stay this year in New York with them, I expected good things from this stay, but was somewhat disappointed. The problems started at checkin - was told I could not be upgraded as I had requested a cake to be in the room for my wife's birthday and that the cake was there.  Got to room - no cake.  Chased cake - told that there was a delay in the room service/bakery area and that it would be up asap.  That turned out to be around 2 hours later. First morning after checkin, we went for breakfast and then exited the room by 9:30 and housekeeping were on our floor... returned to room around 4:30 - not cleaned.  The excuse was 'they were very busy' that day.  Off we went to the…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly good,"I was pleasantly surprised that a city centre hotel could be so good. I got a very good rate through the Hilton website.   The hotel is across the road from the tube, so no issues getting to/from the hotel. The room I was allocated was very modern and spacious for being in the city centre. I had no issues with queues, like others have reported on TA. The breakfast was normal good Hilton standard and plenty of places to sit.  Only one negative point is that the cleanliness was not 100% in the room. There was a used napkin / serviette behind one of the units and the tiles in the bathroom had the previous occupants shower gel on them.  Apart from that, a good stay.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Base for Weekend,"Three of us enjoyed a weekend visit to London, and found Hilton Metropole to be an excellent base. Access from Heathrow is fast, it's within walking distance of great shopping area, and the service in every area of the hotel was of a very good standard - efficient yet also friendly. Particular mention must be made of Luke, a waiter in the Fiamma Restaurant - he helped to look after us on the evening of Friday 2nd, and was very welcoming. A credit to himself and to the Hotel!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, average hotel","The staff, the front desk and concierge staff, are excellent.  This is a busy place.  It is walking distance from Paddington station, off Heathrow Express.  It's about a 15 minute walk.  Walk is possible for kids as well.  Location is really good.  There are choices for eating, souvenirs, and easy access to Underground.  Taxi's available frequently, as are buses. Hotel is oldish, evidenced by the rooms, bathrooms.  This hotel is pretty popular in terms of large group/gatherings.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good welcoming reception staff,"Generally good hotel reception staff on checking in ,are very welcoming and efficient an encouragement to come to the Same hotel again The breakfast was good with plenty of choice  plenty of room to sit in the lobby",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Met every expectation,"I stayed at this hotel for winter wonderland and was at the perfect location after jumping off at Paddington. The rooms were clean although the windows could do with cleaning. We ate at the downstairs bar and the food was delicious, service was a bit slow but felt at ease and relaxing. The Sky Bar boasts stunning views of London and seriously couldn't recommend it enough. Room service was quick and equally as delicious. We asked for more shower products and tea and coffee and they quickly came upstairs with two full bags of extra products. We couldn't have asked for more and they were very eager to help with anything we wanted.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A poor experience but in fairness a quick response to my written complaint,I was staying with a group of work colleagues. During the afternoon on my way to London I was told that the booking for a double room for me might be problematic but that had now been sorted. On arrival (and after queuing a short time) I was told that I had been allocated a room with 3 single beds! I said this was not as promised and I was eventually allocated a room on the top floor (23). I explained that I was a Hilton member. On arrival at my room it was very cold and stank of smoke. As I had a meeting and then supper I set the air conditioning in the hope that the room would be warm later. I assumed that the pervious occupant had bee a smoker. I had seen the signs at the lift on the 23rd floor saying smoking was prohibited. When I got back to my room about 10 it was still…,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
2382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel to visit with family too.,"I have been to this hotel few times in the past years & always found it convenient, luxury & great though it's expansive. This year my visit to Hilton Metropole was slightly different from other (work) trips since visited along with family. I was more concerned over family stay on their meals & kids oriented stuff... To be honest the hotel does not have much to offer for kids as it is mainly designed to capture business Clint's. However, we really had a fabulous time due to the superb location of this hotel. We were able to reach by walking distance to the important places such as Arabic & fast food restaurants, parks & Oxford street as well. The tube station was just few minutes away & this time I had realised how useful it was since everytime I have to walk with my wife &…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Standing in line,"We stayed for 4 nights. We got upgraded and got a room at 20th floor with a north side view. The room was nice, but it smelled old cigarette smoke.  We had breakfast at the hotel. For entering the breakfast area we had to wait to be seated. That took 20 min at most. One of the days we were redirected to an other breakfast area due to long lines. When we got in to the breakfast area the staff were very stressed and it took quite long time before we were served coffee. The breakfast buffet itself was nice and tasteful.  When we checked out it was easy and fast with the express checkout. However to deliver the luggage at the luggage room we had to stand in a new line for about 15 minutes. We wanted to pick up our luggage late in the evening but got told that their were closing the…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large hotel without infrastructures to cope,"Booked with Hilton honours, this means very little at this particular hotel. Still Q to check in . Room standard for Hilton, however roomy for London. Where hotel let's its self down is it can't cope with number of guests, breakfast queue's ridiculous . Once in breakfast room q again and again for toasters & again for hot food. Not relaxing Sunday breakfast id hoped for.  As main restaurant full, ushered to a ballroom that had been set up for breakfast. Kids rushing around, felt like a bad wedding.  Staff all very friendly - getting a hard time from frustrated guests. Hilton feels you are just greedy  and overstretching faculties'!",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel near Euston,"Large tower based hotel well located for public transport, room was small but adequate for one night, breakfast was great lots of choices and offered fresh cooked omelettes , hot items were fresh and hot, although busy it was efficient, ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel great place,The hotel is great for events. I was there for 4 nights. The hotel is near the Edgware tube station. 10 minutes walk and you at Marble Arch . The breakfast is very good with a lot of choices. At night they have a bar located at the 23th floor which there the atmosphere is unique and also you can see London . Especially at night. The rooms are huge and very clean. They recommend us few restaurants and they were great and tasty. Enjoy ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
2387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,not bad for a huge hotel,"I stay here a lot, mainly because of the HHonours program and this is one of the few affordable ones that has a pool. It's a good hotel although you have to be smart about timing for breakfast, the fitness centre & pool and check in/out. It can get really busy and congested. But if you're up early then it's a good hotel.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel with ultra friendly staff,"I fly quite a lot for business and this trip in London was another one staying at Hilton London Metropole. The hotel is a genuine Hilton brand hotel with very standard features following the pattern but with very good bed and shower, what's more important than anything. Also, the breakfast, an authentic British one, has a ultra friendly staff. Shout out for Mrs. Juliet Hammon and Maria, they are very special, unique, and make us to feel so much better! I would bring my family here!",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
2389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Road noise everywhere and cold,"It doesn't matter which room you stay in, this hotel is surrounded by noisy roads and sleeping will be a problem ( see the view picture) Also in cold weather the air con does not heat the rooms, so 19 C is too cold for me I'm afraid. There are better hotels in London and for a Hilton this one is pretty shoddy.",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
2390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Huge hotel, poor service","I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, got a shabby room, but I have heard they do have better rooms too. My room desperately needed renovating. The heating did not work properly, so I needed 2 blankets. As I complained at the reception about the heating, they sent someone to fix it. It was a bit better, but still not good enough. I realized the room was not heated for a long time, that is why it took more than a day of a bit improved heating to feel better, but still, it was not good enough. When I went to the restaurant for breakfast I have been asked for my room number and my last name. Apparently they have mixed up my first name and last name and they were very rude to me, immediately starting the interrogation as if I was a serious criminal. On my second day they took away…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Your prices don't match the rooms and services too expensive cause it's london,I wasn't happy with this hidden charge upon arrival and booking.com didn't have it written that gave to pay upfront 30@pound per day then my room the bed was terrible self verybad the room had a hole in the front 1521 and woke up my room was wet on widow that terrible for 5star hotel and the highly priced rates .theie breakfast was mess,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
2392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazingly great value for all five of us.,"A group of five friends stayed overnight. What a great deal we got, amazing. This hotel is Hughe, there's something for everyone ....our room was very clean and spacious, would definitely use this deal again.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best Experience,This was my first time visiting London and the staff and service at this hotel was remarkable. They gave me so much information and assisted me with getting around. The food was great and I was able to experience afternoon tea. The rooms were spacious and definitely worth the price. I would highly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay on business,Room was a little 'tired' in contrast to the public areas of the hotel. This was a little disappointing as most Hiltons I have stayed at have been of better standard.  Location is handy for Paddington train station.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ideal for a family stay in London,"I recently stayed at this hotel in London and was very pleasantly surprised.  Despite of being so large and busy, the staff was extremely attentive and helpful.  We were a family of six and were comfortably accommodated in a suite.   I was also very impressed by the hotel restaurant.  We had dinner twice and the food was excellent.  Chef and staff, in particular Francesca, were delightful and attentive.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very busy, a bit dated but with good staff!","I stayed in this hotel for business for a couple of nights. The hotel was extremely busy due to a number of events taking place there. In addition, my room (533) was very dated and in need of some renovation. My bed was also particularly screechy...   The service however was really good, staff pleasant and efficient a part form the waitresses at the National Care Award who appeared to be quite abrupt while they were serving our dinner. I wonder if these might have been agency workers but this does not change the fact that we commented about their (lack of) manners.   On a positive note, I was particularly impressed with Gregory who really went the extra mile to help me when I was having troubles with the taxi that I pre-booked  in advance.   Overall it was OK for business but I…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very busy large hotel with extremely friendly staff,"This is Europe's largest hotel and a very busy one. Although it seems fast paced, the reception staff took time to be friendly, efficient and helpful.  I was able to check in early at 9 a.m. after a long overseas flight. Baggage assistance was readily available, which was offered but not needed.  Never had to wait long for an elevator.   I was given a room on the twenty-first floor with a spectacular view of the city.  The room was spacious and comfortable.  The kings sized bed was a little on the very firm side, but this is actually preferable to me and had lots of pillows..  The room was furnished with a desk and comfortable chair and another chair with convenient foot rest.  Also furnished with a small coffee table, flat screen television, large roomy dresser and large…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overnight birthday celebration,We have stayed here before few times and this hotel never disappoints us. We have booked a large family room. The room was very spacious and clean. The hotel staff extremely friendly towards children. Excellent customer service! Great location and fantastic views! Thank you for having us xx,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Friendly - good option with kids ,"Room was spotless and big enough for 2 adults & 3 kids. Staff were attentive and friendly especially the conceirge and lounge staff when it came to the kids which was great because this this a very busy and large hotel!  Location is 10mins walk from Baker Street and Madame Taussards and 20mins to Oxford Street. It's right across the road from the underground and if you need to nip out for anything for the kids M&S is there too with a 24hr small Tesco just 5 mins away.   If travelling by underground/train to and from the airport and you don't want the hassle of carting all the luggage with you, there's a great service, at a very reasonable cost, to have your bags picked up and delivered to/from the airport. We did did on the way back and would highly recommend it!",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel and Posh and i love staying there,The staff were very friendly and very nice people i feel very welcome and i think in the near future i will stay there again and the food was lovely and they looked after their customers very well and i think if people can afford to stay please go to Hilton hotel is the best,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lipstick on a pig - Avoid,"This property is a ""bait and switch"" experience.  The lobby is VERY nice; upon arrival, you'll be encouraged by the common areas.  HOWEVER, once you get up to your room-floor, you'll noted that this is a dated property in much need of updating.   I requested a non-smoking room, and the 1st & 2nd room wreaked of stale cigarette smoke...no good.  Room size is small, but in town, I can live with the room size...   Hilton's are not boutique hotels, I don't think I am asking too much when I say, "" I expect a certain level of experience when I visit a Hilton property.  I find it hard to believe that Hilton would allow this particular property owner to keep this location in such poor shape. Not even Hampton Inn or Courtyard quality",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Friendly and Great Location,"Location of property was ideal as easy to get around to see sights of London.  Underground is across street, Paddington Station is close by.  Near Hyde Park.  Room was large and clean.  Staff was friendly and mostly helpful.  However, if you are eligible to claim a VAT refund, make sure you request the proper form when you check out.  We were provided information by the clerk which was contradicted by Customs at the airport.  Therefore we have lost out the opportunity to claim a refund of about $120.  Otherwise everything was good.  ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,lovely,stayed as a guest of a friend hotel is lovely well quite posh its huge Bu not unfriendly clean tidy lovely resturants which I think there ius 3 and four bars beds comfortable clean pillows very nice warm and inviting,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice city centre stay,Good hotel with excellent facilities close to tube station. Plenty of cafes nearby and large M & S straight across the road for those last minute purchases before leaving the city. Breakfast was good and well laid out to suit all tastes. I would recommend it to anyone wanting a short walk to Oxford Street (15 minutes away),Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Initial impressions not good,"Regularly stay in this hotel on business and I am aware that there is a refurbishment programme underway. During my previous stay earlier this year I stayed in a refurbished room which was very nice. On this visit I was allocated one of the original rooms which had not yet been refurbished. It had a very strong smell of cheap perfume, the mattress was very lumpy, the furniture had seen better days with rough edges and the bathroom was in a poor state of repair. As I was staying for two nights I was not prepared to put up with this, so rang reception to complain. They sent up the concierge with keys for another room, which had been refurbished and was lovely. In addition to the usual facilities it had a large walk in shower and also an empty working fridge which was ideal for…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,reality doesnt match first impressions,"Upon walking into this hotel, you could think you were in a 5 star hotel. The reception area is huge, with a number of different areas accommodating bars and restaurants. The reception itself is staffed by welcoming people, and is efficient.  However, when you go up to the rooms you find the corridors dingy, the rooms are a bit tired, and cleanliness is OK, not great. Bit disappointing really. The location is excellent, being right next to Edgware Road tube, and for the area, the rooms themselves are of a decent size.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Disappointed with the service, but overall a good stay ",We are gold member with Hilton Honor but all this while we are very satisfied with all the hotels we've stayed in but this. Never properly greeted by the reception when we checked into the hotel. And on the second night we experienced water heater issue! Imagine having to shower with no hot water  and we brought along our kids! Complains after complains made but issue still not resolved. They didn't offer us to change the room nor get back to us as promised. We were subjected to shower in cold water despite the cold weather. The next day we had to face the issue once again and this they sent somebody over but he had a horrible attitude after the managed to fix the problem! We made a complaint to the manager in charge and thank goodness he was very understanding and apologized to…,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good location and comfortable,"Located very near the Paddington train station, the point of arrival of the Heathrow express train, this hotel offers comfortable accommodation for a short trip consisting of exploring as much of London as possible. It is also at reasonable walking distance from the West End and the most remarkable attractions. Service is polite and efficient, although the interior itself would probably benefit from some refurbishment, however for my short stay it was almost perfect.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Stay - November 2016,"The Hotel is dated and abused.   Presidential Suite was disgusting.   Many stains, bad odor, cracked floor in bathroom, mildew everywhere.    The location is average for sightseeing in London.     The breakfast buffet is terrible.  The executive lounge is poorly staffed.   Overall relly bad stay.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
2410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very comfortable, clean, nice location","I stayed at this hotel in September 2016. It is a nice and modern hotel with comfortable, clean and spacious rooms. Nice entree/lobby. On the 23rd floor there is a skybar with stunning views across the city. Very friendly and helpful staff. The hotel normally does not offer free WiFi, however staff were helpful enough to provide me with a free WiFi pass. The hotel is convenient if you arrive at Paddington Station, as it is only a short walk from the station. Nearby tube station Edgware Road will take you to all destinations. A short walk along Edgware Road will take you to Marble Arch, Oxford Street and Hyde Park.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Professional Conferance,"Having been invited to a conference dinner I had high expectations of quality service and food. I wasn't let down. A delicious 3 course meal was served. Chef did a great job considering there was 250 of us. A comfortable night followed. Before checking out , I had a substantial breakfast which was tasty. I'd like to see mushrooms and black pudding on the buffet hot plate but this is very much a preference and not a complaint. I would stay here again ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fab couple of days,"Stayed here through Edwards Travel,had a lovely room in the west wing with two double beds.Staff couldnt do enough for you,very helpful.Rooms were clean,tidy and modern,with large window overlooking Edgeware road and beyond.It was my first time in London and will be going back thanks to the lovely friendly but professional staff.Breakfast was amazing with so much choice,we did see queues but went down earlier for our breakfast so didnt need to queue.We had meals and drinks in the sports bar,food was lovely,very tasty and presented well,maybe a little pricey but its London.We did have a drink also in another bar there,again staff were friendly and profesional,will be back,very central for all attractions and the underground is only across the road if you dont want to walk or get…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Service! ,"Was on a girls weekend at the Hilton metropole , chose his hotel because of the good service I've received at other Hiltons around the country and so expected the same from this one. How wrong was I???  We had high tea booked at the edg bar for 4.30pm and didn't get any service for a whole hour. Every time we needed something I would have to go to the bar and get it myself . Got my tea and no milk until I had cold tea. After an hour someone bothered to ask if if I was ready to have my high tea brought out and I said I was ready when I got here. Still no food for another 20 minutes. This was after I had told two of the waiters that we had bro be somewhere after this so if they could please bring the food out as soon as possible. Completely ignored. Then when I complained to what…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Only the location is good,"This hotel offers a great location but this is sadly where it stops. The level of cleanliness is shocking for this kind of hotel, the beds or I should say warned out mattresses put together to pretend you have a kind bed are awful and you might be better off slipping on the tube. Most of the rooms amenities go back to the days of Faulty Towers and at times I did expect Basil and Manuel to appear as it felt like a real bad joke played on me. I would not recommend this hotel as there are dozens of hotel in the vicinity that would be cheaper, cleaner and more comfy to stay in. The staff was kind of friendly but clearly not empowered enough or not bothered enough to sort things out. A big let down...",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, great location but manic breakfasts","We stayed here for a weekend away and the first impression at reception was excellent with a smooth process. We stayed on the 13th floor with great views of London. It is ideally based with several tube lines within a 2 minute walk which means you can reach most of London quickly. We went to Hyde park, Buckingham palace, the eye and this hotel makes it easy. The only feedback which frustrated us. 1 there isn't enough space at breakfast so you wait, queue lots and feel harassed and rushed. 2 all drinks and meals come with a 10% service charge which isn't advertised and is just added to your bill which is very naughty! Overall a good stay. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,Lovely hotel in the heart of London. We come here once a year and are never disappointed! Lovely food and drinks. Staff are extremely helpful. Just a short walk to Oxford Street. See you next year! Thank you! ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good steady Hilton Experience - does what it says on the tin!!,Good hotel for usual London prices. Very busy as also a conference centre but still good as a base for tourists. On the Bakerloo line and very easy to get to all the main attractions. Suggest you get your Oyster Card!!,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location / good standard,"Less than 10 min walk from Paddington station, therefore easily accessible from Heathrow airport.  Room was a good standard and size, like many Hilton hotels in big cities.  Wifi was a bit slower in the room but good in the rest of the hotel. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Dirty Room, Terrible Condition","They need to overhaul the rooms.  The one I stayed in was terrible.  It was dirty, dated, and in terrible condition. I travel on business regularly (dozens of times per year) and this was the worst hotel room I have ever had.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
2420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This hotel is below standards in every respect,"Old, dirty, uncomfortable rooms that lack even the basics like a decent bed and functioning windows or curtains. My window was broken, it could not be locked so kept blowing open all night (in winter), the curtain was torn and was way too small and the bed was unacceptable. I have never had this kind of experience with Hilton before.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
2421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bit pricey but worth it for the service ,"I like this place. Very large hotel which concerned me on booking because of the size of the place, as it turned out not an issue.The west wing is the newest addition and is very nice but the central tower (299ft) is excellent if you are alocated a refurbished room which I was lucky to have and 14th floor gave me spectacular view. Very comfortable. Only shall but relevant complaint is that they gave me a voucher for a bottle of water, thankyou but that meant a queue at the bar. Why not leave it in the room? Breakfast and staff excellent. I shall be back without doubt if I work on the price.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cofference overnight stay,"Hi, The clnference was taking place at this hotel as a result company booked us double kings suit rooms. Once I entered the room I felt sorry for the money company spent on this room. Except than the bed and the tv looks old. Empty fridge. Old looking and feeling shower bathroom. And the worst the room was 6th floor facing the road, you expect such quality hotel to hav best sound insulation. You are wrong, I kept waking up every 5-10minutes over the night from trafic noise. I cannot believe how people can book this hotel just for the name.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bit disappointing,"This hotel is massive and crowded! I am pleased that we could use executive lounge to have breakfast there, otherwise we had to spent a lot of time queuing to get to main restaurant.  Hotel is located close to the underground but in such unpleasant area. It doesn't feel like London or even Europe- most of shops and restaurants around are Arabic or Turkish, baggers on the streets.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ideal for tube station and central London,Previous Trip advisor reviews left me dubious but it was a location I needed for a planned event. The rooms in the Tower block have been all upgraded recently and were excellent. The staff were excellent and eager to help. Breakfast was good quality and as much as you wanted.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"we have stayed here a few times over the last 5 years, we love it every time","an overall excellent hotel. beautiful foyer which has recently been renovated. cocktails from the bar are some of the best i've ever tasted! Rooms are lovely, always clean, however the only thing I would say is that the beds are fine but they aren't the comfiest compared to some hotels. we have always had excellent service here- staff are very helpful. breakfast is amazing, probably one of the best I've ever had! massive selection, buffet style. we've also had dinner there a few times before and it is always great. excellent location, right in the centre of London. if you get around by taxi, there are plenty waiting outside the entrance which is easy, and if you get around by tube, you are right outside edgware rd station. massive m&s opposite incase you need to pop in for…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend with Family,The hotel is ideally located for travelling around London visiting all the sites and theatres. It's seconds away from the tube.  Rooms are generous in size and the breakfast is good. I recommend the on-line check-in as it will reduce your wait time upon arrival but check your bill before you check out as I was charged for items incorrectly.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good , but ","Stayed in the west wing , Good hotel , it's a very big hotel !!!  check in & check out was straight forward ,  rooms are spacious enough ,  Sleeps 4 adults too , economically great to for a Saturday night , £50 each !!  Parking underground is very handy , £28 for overnight on a weekend ,  Beds very comfy ,   Breakfast was super ,   One big problem , shower was useless ,  Now power , shower head wouldn't sit at the right place kept twisting away ,  Really annoying,   Other than that I'd stay here again , ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Quite What I Am Used To!,"Over the last few years I have been fortunate enough to be able to stay at Hilton Hotels and most of them have not disappointed me. However, I recently stayed at the Hilton Hotel Metropole, Edgware Road, London and I was disappointed.  My room was described as De Luxe but it certainly was not.  The twin beds were fine, clean and comfortable but there was hardly space to move around them.  The room was very basic indeed and the carpets and paintwork very much needed a make-over.  However, as it was on the 21st Floor, the view of London looking South was fantastic.  When I queried the description of 'De Luxe' the response was not very helpful at all.  The breakfast in the Flammia Restaurant was good but the next morning in the Edg Room was not so good at all.  I left feeling I…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Big, anonymous, but great hotel in an excellent location","Big hotel, stuffed with conference guests but still a great stay for me and my family. Generous complimentary breakfast buffet, clean and decent room with OK bathroom. Will definately come back, both for family trips and business.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never again ! Even if someone else paid,We booked a family room. We arrived went straight to the Italian it was very over priced. After 1 night none of us got any sleep as the beds were very noisy ! We asked to be changed before our second night. So we packed up all really tired!. Got back in the evening to find the carpenter said our beds were fine NO WAY ! So we had to bring our own bags back to reception which was a long way to be told we were going back to where we were & just opposite this room was very smelly & damp so we changed again !! This was ok !. We then went to the bar to discover that the surcharge is not given to the staff but back to Hilton !! The next morning we went for a swim the pool was very shabby not like the pictures!!.There was a definite rich & poor side to the hotel ! We will never stay…,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big hotel,This Hilton hotel is a big building with plenty of bars restaurants and a swimming pool. We checked in pretty quick and our room was a executive room with lounge access. The room was a good size with nice bathroom and comfortable bed. The lounge access was good with tea coffee soft drinks and snacks the alcohol was served between 6-8pm and was regular stocked up.  All in all good stay friendly staff and good location.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One of the worst in London,"Very bad hotel, heavy industry hotel where guests are just numbers. Staff very rude and impolite. Beds are really bad as mattress is thin and when you sleep you feel the frame of bed in your back. Never again",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
2433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Carole King BST Hyde Park,"Very handy location for Hyde Park. Lovely Concierges, recommended us an All Vegetarian restaurant as we requested and it was fantastic. Rooms fine but breakfast a bit chaotic because so many people in dining room- worse thing was the number of people who were so greedy and wasteful - loaded their plates up and then left all uneaten - think maybe there should be less items on the buffet and this might help stop the wastage. Check in / check out good. 4* ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay!,"Me and my boyfriend only stayed 1 night but I wish I had stayed for more! This hotel is lovely, so clean and the staff were so nice. If you ever have a chance to go up to the sky 23 bar in the hotel do it! It has a lovely sky view of London and the food is amazing! Our room was really nice and very clean and had everything you needed we had a lovely view of London from our room (we stayed in 1404 in the tower wing). It's a short walk to the tube station and doesn't take 5 minutes to get to the centre. We had such a lovely weekend and will definitely be coming back to stay again :) ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Located in downtown central London the Hilton Metropole Hotel is close to Marble Arch, Paddington Station and the District, Cercle & Bakerloo tube stations of Edgware Road.  Well equiped business class hotel with outstanding and extended conference facilities. Well appointed rooms. Tower is oldest part of the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old and not Hilton style,"This hotel is by far to old from the internals - rooms to small - not able to sit on toilet and having enough space - water in the morning NOT warm. Windows old and dirty - 22nd fllor with view on London direction downtown and not able to make a foto, because of the windows - 2 old single windows with 20 cm inbetween - no more standard Personal was good - food and beverage also",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big Centrally-Located Convention Hotel,"Back again at the Hilton Metropole, not because I want to be back, but because it's such an easy choice.  Affordable rates and a decent location near Paddington.  The lobby and check-in area has undergone a major refurbishment since I last stayed here.  It's a reliable choice for London, whether you are here on business or for leisure.  I've always gotten a nice big room.   I thought I reserved a room with a king, but wound up with 2 twins.  Not a problem as I was staying solo.  Good internet and access to the Executive Lounge was a nice perk, with a good range of early evening snacks and a nice continental breakfast in the morning. Really nice people running the place who genuinely seem to care about their guests.  The Executive Lounge has 2 computers if you need to print out…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No hot water. Unfriendly restaurant staff,I would not recommend this hotel. Cold showers in the morning and poor restaurant service. This is a low end hotel charging high end prices. Please save yourself the money and stay somewhere else. You will regret staying the the London Hilton metropole.,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
2439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst bed I've ever had,"Look, I seriously only got a few hours sleep a night (there for six nights) because of the bed. It's took ""firm"" to a whole new level. Yes, I asked to be switched but was uniformed all rooms had the same bed. Yet some friends were also staying there and claimed there beds were just okay. What they did do was add a couple thin mattress toppers. By me calculations I would have needed 12-15 on that rock. Additionally, the sound of the bed on its platform every time one of us tried to roll over was that of someone making balloon animals. That what it sounded like in the dark.  By the end of the stay, hubs and I were sleeping on top of the comforter and using a couple sheets to cover up just for added comfort. Not the mention lots of pain meds for the lower back pain we woke up with.…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
2440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but has few flaws,This hotel is huge!  Checked in and got a room on 20th floor with amazing views over London. The room itself was very small but clean. The bathroom was not up to Hilton standard at all! It was very worn and rust on doorhinges and broken bathpanel.It was clean though. Now to the staff. the cleaning staff and bar staff was really helpful and friendly but check-in staff and breakfast hostess need a refresher course in customer care.  Having stayed in other Hiltons this disappointed me. It was good but not Hilton standard.,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very large good facilities - disappointing breakfast,The Metropole has been recently renovated and the public areas are looking good and rooms are of a very good size by London standards and are well appointed. Location in walking distance from Paddington Station with 15min access to LHR is a real plus and Edgeware are tube station is literally across the road with good access to central London. If you don't mind  a good walk it is only about 15min to Marble Arch and great shopping areas. It is a straight walk down Edgeware Road which is popular with Arabic visitors for its Shisha bars and Middle Eastern restaurants and shops. Given its location and popularity with visitors from Arabic countries I am surprised that the hotel is not more tuned in to their requirements in terms of Halal food etc. Given the hotels recent renovation…,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another great visit ,"Arrived in London from South Wales at 7:30am. Went directly to the hotel and my room was available which was a plus as I had been up since 3:30am. The added bonus was it was a refurbished room on the 17th floor of the Tower wing with fantastic views over London, perfect.   Went down and had some breakfast and as usual a great selection was to be had.   I've stayed at this hotel almost every week in 2016 and can honestly say it's a great place to stay. The customer service is excellent and. Itching is too much. The gym and pool are just what's required at the end of a long day and very relaxing.   It's in a very central location with Hyde part and Oxford street 15-20mins walk away (if you stroll) quicker if you get your skates on! Really lovely hotel where I will continue to…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sky bar experience hardly sky class,"The room is fine, comfortable and clean. The gym is small but nice and the pool really quite good. This evening I went to the sky bar to treat myself and it was an enormous disappointment. It is advertised as an Asian delicacy speciality restaurant in the hotel brochure, which it clearly was in recent history. Now, it's just a bar with a good view and awful service. Trying to get a menu for anything, even the first drink of the evening involved waving and shouting. The food was ok (except the pudding which was cheap and nasty) but not what was advertised and I decided to return to my room rather than spend more time and at the bar because of the difficulty in getting noticed by the waiting staff. The table next to me had to suffer an incident where the waitress and waiter acted…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really impressed,"I really loved my stay in this hotel. We stayed as a family 2ad, 2ch. Room was spacious, comfy beds, big enough bathroom and plenty of drawer space. The hotel is very big and has 3 wings. From what I understand some rooms are better than others. I honk the tower block is best. Staff were helpful and bars were nice. Definitely a good choice if you are a family. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Birthday Surprise,"My husband and I stayed here this past weekend for his birthday. What a pleasant surprise we had a room with an amazing view of the city including the London Eye. Check in was quick, staff was friendly and the concierges were very helpful and informative. I would like to thank Jody-ann a front desk receptionist for taking time out of her busy schedule to address a personalize birthday card that she had delivered to the room with some cookies. The hotel location was within minutes of the Edgware and Paddington tube stations which give us quick and easy access to other parts of the city. Our stay was very enjoyable and would certainly recommend it to our friends and family.   ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Exec lounge staff awesome -the rest debatable!,Stayed here as stop over from holiday and found the exec lounge staff amazing. My room however was too hot ...staff didn't fix it. Bed linen was dirty (used my own blanket ) and hair in bath and sink!,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel with a great pool and pretty calm,"With their new apps, I was able to select and check into my room in advance.  However it was difficult to make the reservation and they charged extra for my 9 & 11 year old. They said that I was to be put into a bigger room with a king still.  The room, pretty spacious for London standards, was on a high floor and we had a view of the freeway.  It was clean and well spread out.  I found it annoying though to stare at the A/C switch on the wall which was lit all night and I ended up sticking a thick paper to cover it.  The pool was great and on the weekends, one lane is taken for lessons. The steam room was clean and spacious enough for three, four would have been a bit tight. I didn't try the sauna as it was tucked away near the water fountain across from where you sign in.  I…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No value for money,The hotel could use some refurbishment. Especially the bathroom is out of date. In the mornings when everybody takes a shower the hot tap is at best lukewarm. Minibar is empty and no complementary bottled water is provided. Room rates are overpriced compared to the quality provided.  From a Hilton hotel I expect more.,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not bad,I have visited this hotel twice WARNING ⚠️ do not go with the standard type room it is not clean and old furniture and i can't say any thing about the bed it is soooo hard and gives you pain the bathroom dirty and old also there is no slippers in the standard and superior room no bath rob the delux  room the size and the bed better then the standard the bath room is the same not that gd and not that bad  ,Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very poor, small room for a twin. had to turn sideways to get passed the bed.  the public spaces were amazing.",Great location about a 10 min walk from paddington with shops and restaurants all around. Hotel has great public spaces but room badly let them down. Twin room where you had to turn sideways to get past bed and cabinet. I won't be using hilton again...when it comes to the rooms premier Inn is better.,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not usual hilton standards,Cannot see out of windows.  Maid interrupted without knocking.  No system for hearing impaired guests in conference/meeting rooms.  Swimming pool check your free towels as found somebody else blood on mine.  Buffet dinner was luke warm and no notified it was a buffet given wrong menu.,Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
2452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor effort,"Recently visited Hilton metropole as a birthday gift to see Boyzlife. The experience was appalling from beginning to end!  The staff don't seem to have a clue, the room was out dated, the heating didn't work and the shower leaked over the bathroom.  They were unorganised and disposed of our tickets to Boyzlife at reception.... I questioned it and got them back. We didn't get the meal that should have come with the event included in the ticket package that was paid for.  There was one man that tried to correct their mistakes unfortunately a little too late, providing food and drink in a 10minute interval at 10pm.  Breakfast was just as bad.... running out of things, cold water for tea and staff not helpful when asked to get more.  Overall, Boyzlife were a dream. 100% recommend…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
2453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend Away,I have stayed here before for a business conference so had no hesitation returning to attend a package for the Boyzlife Tour. My Mother & I stayed 4th -6th November. The staff are friendly & efficient. The hotel is clean & spacious. Our room was rather shabby compared to my usual standard but the bed was large & clean. The TV channels available are limited due to bad reception (couldn't even get BBC1 or BBC2)  Breakfast is really good. Vast selection.   Location is good. On Edgware Road which has many Arabic restaurants etc. Not too far to walk to the Marble Arch end of Oxford St (10 - 15 mins walk),Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Crowded but location was top notch!,"Stayed here for four nights with my family, we got three rooms, two in the Tower Wing and one family room in the West Wing, so my review is based on these three rooms.  I stayed in the Tower Wing in a pretty spacious room that was a bit torn down, but nothing to complain about. My sister stayed in the West Wing with her family and their room was much more modern and probably pretty newly renovated. If you have the possibility to chose, I'd stay in the West Wing. Just a quick sidenote is that the gym, pool and bar is in the Tower Wing which was really nice. The gym is small but worked fine and the pool and sauna was awesome according to my sisters kids.  Breakfast was pretty crowded on our last two mornings (thursday-friday), rest of the week just fine. Even thou the breakfast…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
2455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, excellent room","Recently stayed at Hilton Metropole with three other girlfriends in one room for two nights.  Check in was quick, staff were friendly, the room was an excellent size for four females, with two queen beds, sofa bed,two TVs, the bathroom was ok however a refurb wouldn't go a miss.  Staff were helpful, friendly and attentive.   There m was a wide range to choose from, for breakfast in the executive lounge.  Location of the hotel worked well for us; 10min walk from Paddington and 2 min walk to Edgware Road tube station.  All in all a good hotel, good value for money and would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
2456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Four day break with friends,"A great location to visit the sights of London, see a show and do some shopping on a four day break with friends. Nice rooms with comfortable beds. Friendly and helpful staff. Great selection for breakfast but unfortunately a long wait for tea and coffee and majority of the hot items were not warm enough for my liking. Apart from breakfast we had a great stay and I would come back to this hotel again.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location ,I stayed with my husband for 2 nights as he was going to the NFL at Wembley . We booked an exec room which was expensive for but we enjoy using the EL so thought it would be worth it . ( it actually wasn't as the EL was very busy and food and drinks were not topped up quickly enough . We visited during afternoon tea and ended up sharing a little cake between us ) In other hiltons the EL has a key swipe door to get in this one had 2 staff members who sat at a desk asking for our room number and do very little else . Tables were left dirty and I watched 1 lady fill her bags with food and they said nothing .  We ate breakfast on the Sunday at about 9:30 and it was extremely busy . I struggled to find certain things like butter and orange juice . The room is massive and it was all a…,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A few hours stay,"We had booked for the night of 4th November as we were seeing Boyzlife perform at the hotel.  If you get a chance, go and see the show - it was great.    Check in took around 20minutes even though we were in the HHonours queue.  This was because other people were pushing in front and the reception staff didn't say anything.  However, once we reached the desk the process was quick.  Our room (2004) was in dire need of an update and quite dark even with the lights on but as we were just staying one night it didnt matter. We spent some time in the Edg bar and found the staff friendly.  Drinks are expensive but we expected that from previous visits to the Hilton chain.  The room was cold and the aircon only blowing out cold air.  LIna arranged for maintenance to fix it while we were…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another Hilton with bad service; good location; average room,"If you're looking for a large, massive, very busy, tourist/business hotel with limited customer service, the Hilton Metropole is in your future. Hotel-wise, this was a forgettable 3-night stay. As long you don't have to speak to or interact with a Hilton Metropole employee, you'll be fine. After the check-in process, which is often a reflection of the hotel, I did my best to limit any contact with any of its employees. The location of the hotel is great: Paddington Station is a 5 min walk away with a total of 3 tube stations within proximity to the hotel.  Check-in: The regular check-in queue was about 15 people deep and 4 of the 8 front desk bays were open. As a Diamond member, I entered the Hilton Honors (HH) queue and I was the first person waiting. The transaction concludes…",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"My husband and I were in hilton for 9   Days  We prebooked Hilton metropole . Good location , big hotel , take corner rooms . Guest rooms are in the old tower and are not refurbished . Rooms are clean .  They are more spacious . Value for money , excellent buffet breakfast . Just for average gbp 150. Housekeeping staff don't understand English .  Edgware Road station is two minutes walk from the hotel  . Many busses available from outside the hotel . ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the price we pay,"Name doesn't prove the worth... They have newly rennovated rooms till 14th floor, but they always give rooms on floors above which are old... Rooms are too small... Does not feel worth after paying a good amount... ",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
2462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Honeymooners,"Got married last February and had our honeymoon in London, and this accommodation is a gift so I can't really comment on the price :). But the service is good, the receptionist gave us a free WiFi access as a gift also (lucky couple). Room size is just enough for couples, it has a bathtub, toiletries are also good. Every time we go back from an outdoor activity the room is always fixed which I appreciate a lot. New bath towels and the smell so good. We forgot to bring an adapter, on our last day we found out that we can even borrow from the front desk (too late). Since we're Asians I didn't enjoy the breakfast but they're good.  Location is very accessible to the Underground and there's a lot of convenience store,fast food, restaurant outside the hotel...",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great for families,We stayed as a family and booked two rooms.  The hotel staff was very understanding and helpful.  Very polite too.  Our stay was quite enjoyable.  Good value for money. We could walk to Oxford street and other areas.  Plenty of good Persian restaurants.  There's a supermarket and drugstore around corner.  M&S is right in front of the hotel.  Very convenient place.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what I expect from a Hilton,"Although the lobby was nice, the room was pretty worn, aircon was noisy. I had dinner at the sports bar where I needed to ask the waiter to clean the table. The bar at the top has excellent views of London and the breakfast was very good.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,The rooms in the hotel are great. The reception staff are very stern but helpful. They do need to learn to smile though.  The rooms are bigger than expected. The area is fantastic with a number of restaurants within walking distance. The underground and buses are also just a walk away. Oxford street (where all the shopping  happens) is about 10-15 minutes away with the bus.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,False charges on our account. Awful customer service.,"Stayed 2 nights. Minibar emptied by housekeeping as soon as we arrived so that we could use the minibar as a fridge for baby milk. At check out, we were charged for the items in the minibar!!! Called Hilton 4 times spoke to Raza at reception, his female supervisor. Emailed Hilton twice. Matter still not sorted. This is absolutely disgraceful. What a way to treat customers who spent £500 with you. We will never return.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great for families,"Spent two nights in London and this hotel was a great base. It is ideally located on Edgeware Road, with the tube station on the doorstep. The family room was a great size, the breakfast was very good despite it being very busy in the restaurant -  it was very well managed.  We would stay there again.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A superb Hilton hotel which maintains the Hilton band high standards,"A very warm and homely hotel - the staff are very friendly, helpful and courteous.  The hotel is maintained in a very high and professional manner.  It is always a pleasure to stay here.  The hotel is well located in London and is very convenient when staying in the city.  Good transport links to the hotel. The executive lounge is well worth a visit - the lounge hosts are passionate about their jobs and will go out of their way to make you stay feel very homely.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and need of serious updating,Would not recommend this hotel. Overpriced and needs serious money for updating Breakfast appalling. Food cold and running out. Hotel could not cope with the amount of guests. Room was far too hot and air conditioning not working properly. Decor old and curtains ripped. Sad room with view of a concrete mass.,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge Hotel. Great Location close to Marble Arch but not in a nice area.,"Stayed here with husband and two teenagers. The hotel is HUGE, I mean MASSIVE! The rooms are a bit tired, particularly the bathrooms, need some TLC and re grouting! Rooms were clean and beds comfortable. Breakfast was poor, good selection but food was not hot and had to seek someone out to get tea/coffee. The hotel is within walking distance to Marble Arch, however, its not the nicest part of town. I definitely would not walk around here alone, as a woman.  If you get a taxi, to and from the hotel, this wont be an issue. The room service got the big thumbs up from our boys, good food and reasonably priced. Watch out for the service charge on the drinks at the bar, they don`t tell you they are adding this on! Fare nicer hotels, in better parts of London and cheaper than the £270…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Oct 2016 - Hilton London Metropole,"Excellent Location convenient to Overground & Underground. I would stay there again.  Executive Lounge doesn't open for Breakfast 'til 7.  If this is important to you, I would just get a regular room and check out the local options Pret a Manger/Marks & Spencers/Starbucks across the street.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Enormous hotel, great conveniance","Stayed at hotel for a short weekend with family. Hilton is normally never wrong, and was neither. It is however a huge hotel, normally a conference hotel. Not a personal style, but helpful and good service. Nice and large room. Very warm though, and AC did not work very well. Be warned. Outside the hotel you do feel like your in some arabic country. Only arabic neighbours and shops. Did not make me feel like in London, until reached Marble Arch. Nothing wrong about this, but be aware.  We could come back here.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never again,"I've stayed in this hotel on more then 10 occasions as I'm forced to with work however never again.   The rooms are dated, like something out of a dodgy 70s movie, dirty, unkept and pretty much a 2 star. All for £160 pounds a night.  The staff door opposite ours was used all night and we couldn't sleep due to the load banging and crashing. I rang reception to ask if they could cease from 5am so I could get some sleep, yes they replied. It carried on.....  On checking out I asked if there was some form of compensation as I hadn't slept, a free breakfast or an upgrade was their only option. I wanted my money back.   I will not stay here again, poor quality, dirty, very dated and a waist of money. ",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Place for an Overnighter,"The hotel was clean and comfortable, the staff were friendly and polite and the deal was reasonably priced. You could ask for little more from a hotel being used for an overnight base.   The breakfast service was, perhaps, a little chaotic as the staff attempted to keep up with huge customer demand but that can be forgiven as the quality of the breakfast itself was good.  I will certainly stay again",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend break ,"Stayed here for 1 night (29/10) what can I say from start to finish this was a fantastic stay. I planned a weekend in London for my Other halfs Birthday and this was the icing on the cake. We arrived at the hotel around 3.15 just after check in, small que but still didn't wait any longer then 5 mins. We got to the desk where we was told Our room wasn't ready but we had been upgraded free of charge to a duluxe room on the west wing newly refurbished! We made our way through the hotel lobby where we were spoilt for choice on bars and food halls. Entered the lift and waited for floor 16 to approach. As the lift opened there was our room as we entered we were so supprised the room was amazing and the view was spectacular. We chilled in the room for a while before there was a knock…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good but VERY busy,"We stayed here with our 2 children. The hotel was well laid out but it is very big and very busy. We had a few teething problems with the check in and the text service for when your room is ready, but that was sorted by the excellent deputy manager the next day. The room was excellent for a family of four. It was clean, spacious enough with great views. The breakfast was a poor experience. We queued for quite a while to be seated and once seated it was a squabble to get food etc. The area was crowded, service was slow at times and they ran out of lots whilst we were there. It was clear they were very busy but I would have thought a hotel of that size would have more areas available to eat breakfast.(I only saw two areas) The hotel was well situated for shopping, the tube station…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Long Weekend in London,"First impressions of the Hotel are that it is huge and the number of people milling around confirms this. To say the hotel is busy is an understatement, there was never a quiet moment in reception! That said the staff were remarkable, always a smile and friendly helpful service. The staff in the restaurant and Edg bar were particularly good making a fuss if our 3 year old grandson (he left with kisses and cuddles from his favourite two).  Prices within the hotel were a little high but not too expensive provided you avoid the alcohol. An evening meal (two courses) for two adults and a 3 year old (children eat for free when accompanied by an adult) could be had for around £40 excluding drinks.  Location is excellent, Hyde park is a 7 minute stroll away. Underground is 2 mins walk.…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend break ,"So we stayed at the Hilton, great hospitality, clean tidy rooms, breakfast was fantastic, helpful staff, very convenient n close to the main attractions London eye, Westminster, we stayed in the west wing, only downside was heating not great in the rooms n u have to pay for the fridge service in ur room",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Letting yourself down,"I attended a gala boxing dinner eveing yesterday 28.10.16,and booked a room at this hotel and received a discounted price as we were attending an event the hotel. We checked in on line at home secured our payment by card and open arrival waited in a que for 30 minutes to check Manually in with a receptionist! What's the point of checking on line.  The lobby area although spacious and modern was very eye catching, but much like being in a shopping centre on a Saturday afternoon.  The rooms were dated and beginning to show signs of ageing and in need of up grading especially the bathroom. The bed was a total trip hazard. The mattress was 6 inches short of the bed base and every time we walk past it we either stubbed or toes or banged our shines. It was covered up by a bed thro but…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good value for London,Stayed one night for a business trip. Good location just across the road from tube. Was surprised how big the hotel is such my room was in a different wing to reception but only a short indoor walk. Breakfast was good with lots of choice and well managed for a large hotel. Room was v good with two beds and lots of space and a great view. Didn't use the tower restaurant but will do next time just for the view.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location ,"We spent one night here. It's close to the tube station which is really convenient. The hotel was nice and has an executive lounge. The breakfast was good, there were a lot of different choices. The staff were friendly and helpful!",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Clean, courteous but overly busy hotel.","This hotel is a victim of its own success. It is clearly popular and a very large hotel but unfortunately things such as breakfast facilities are not large enough to cope with the number of people in the hotel.   It was a shame as this hotel is priced as premium brand but unfortunately did not live up to this expectation.   As a Hilton honours diamond member I have stayed at other hilton group hotels in the UK and US and this fell short, I believe because of there were just too many customers for the facilities. There are certainl better hilton group hotels in the same price range in London  that are better.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Industry Awartds Venue,"Having stayed at this Hilton Hotel several times it just got better. The staff are really helpful. I was attending a Flexographic industry awards dinner, as I have done for many years. For those of you who have attended this type of large corporate event you know that the food is usually pretty dull, uninspiring and on the whole pretty poor. However I have to say for the last two years the Hilton Metropol Edgware Road have excelled. The menu was very good and the food quality great. Rooms are comfortable well equipped with the required bathroom accessories. The rates can be a little eye popping and drinks are pricey, but hey this is London. Breakfast is okay with a good variety of fare. So overall well done.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"The hotel was spacious, clean and the staff at reception and the domestics were  helpful and friendly. the room was always cleaned properly and the leisure centre and pool were adequate for holiday purposes. Faulty items in the room were not attended to as I would have expected. The dinner menu was not changed, throughout our stay.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel to stay with your family,"Had a great time stay down at this hotel. We arrived early and the hotel let us check in early without additional cost to it. Room was clean and tidy, evening restaurant staffs was amazing, every single staffs in the restaurant make us feel so welcome and fuss around us. I would definetly going back again and recommend to friends to stay at this hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Venue for event,This is a great venue for big organised events. Plenty of function rooms and it's very well located for public transport. Have not stayed overnight as yet but will next month and will add a review then,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Decent location, dated, tiny rooms",The location was good but the rooms were extremely small and very dated. I would not recommend this hotel for the price. Even the covers on the bed looked retro. I would have had no issues with the small hotel room size if the room was at least slightly updated.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy hotel...but sets high standards,Stayed here with the kids during half term and was very enjoyable. While there were a couple of issues they were resolved very well. Room was excellent (top floor) so the kids had a fantastic view. Couple of issues to sort on the bill but otherwise would certainly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very pleasant visit ,"As a former senior hotel executive, I am very critical but this hotel is good. Considering the high volumes of visitors, they manage very well.   A couple of constructive criticisms/comments. The foyer is very slippery, I fell and hurt myself. The family superior rooms are in need of refurbishment - they are rather dark. The pillows are poor quality, I had to ask for more and then only one was delivered. But they are large and spotlessly clean.   Breakfast is too busy. There was a large conference on during our visit but buffet style breakfasts are always a bit of a free for all and the food is rarely hot enough. Neither was the coffee hot enough. am not keen on the plastic lobsters outside the restaurant either. But the food quality was good, the Belgian Waffles are delicious…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Handy location, Helpful Friendly Staff... (but we never ordered a Fawlty Towers experience in the Sky 23 bar!)","First... The Good: (The Fawlty Towers experience comes later on down this review)  Ok...Handy location right next to the Edgware Road Tube, just a few stops along from Kings Cross. Its a doddle to get there if you are travelling by train and tube.   Looks impressive from the outside and in the foyer its all very nice and clean with a warm welcome from the staff. Checked in no fuss. We were even able to get into our room before the official check in time which was a nice touch. Choccies were also offered. The kids liked that.   Our room was on the 5th Floor. Had a bit of a view across Edgware Road. No too bad and room was quiet considering there was a flyover just below us.   Room was clean and the additional bed we requested was there as expected. We were comfortable enough and…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great staff","My other half and I stayed here for a weekend break for a friends birthday.  Can't speak highly enough of the place.  Staff were friendly and approachable, hotel was spotless and packed with places to eat, drink, rent a car! The underground parking was reasonably priced and an added bonus in London.  The pool and gym worth a visit too.  Room basic but super clean and perfect for our needs.   Opposite Edgware Road underground, it took us no time to get into soho for our evening plans.  We took to the sky bar when we got in and enjoyed views of the London skyline at night and attentive bar staff.    Would highly recommend checking this hotel out, credit to the Hilton name. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Highly Recommended,"Great stay at this Hotel room and views amazing, breakfast included, was very busy but there was plenty of food and a great choice for a palates.  The rooms on the higher floor have been refurnished and fantastic, not sure what the other rooms are like.  Only disappointment was the Sky Bar on 23rd floor, very small and not particularly relaxing, drinks very expensive and bar staff not of a calibre for this type of bar. ( did not know the difference between Scotch & Irish Whisky)  Bars on ground floor much better.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,Family of 4 sharing a single room.  Check in via HHonors was pain free. A slightly different room than that ordered was available at 1300 slightly before the 1500 check in time with no issue.  Room standard double-double. Comfortable and clean.   Skybar in Level 23 worth a visit. Sports Bar very busy at 2100 and could do with more seating.  Breakfast had a good selection of foods all of which were of good quality.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Terrible,  extremely uncomfortable","The lobby is beautiful, the room is crap. Hard to imagine it's the same hotel.Very firm and uncomfortable bed. Did not  sleep one minute of the night. Noisy, people arguing on  the street, neighbor showering at 3:30 AM  could hear every drop.  The AC control is linked to the light switch. Turn off the lights and zero ventilation. Warm and stuffy, windows do not open Room condition is a dismal 3 star.  Not a good part of town. out 500 Lebanese restaurants to select from, nothing else.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Great hotel at a great location. We stayed for 2 nights in a room with a view of the Houses of Parliament. The room was ideal for a family with a folding down sofa in the sitting room. It's a very large modern hotel but very friendly, would definitely come back. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"a good, solid choice !","When visiting London for the first time, one can experience great anxiety over choosing the right hotel at the right price ! After all, a bad hotel can certainly put a damper on the entire trip.  In London, the no-brainer hotels (Waldorf, Dorchester, Ritz, 4 Seasons etc.) carry hefty nightly charges. But, if you're not looking to spend $400-$750 per night, you move to the second tier or 4-star accommodations. The Hilton Metropole proved to be a solid choice. Our group stayed in the ""newer"" west-wing of the hotel where apparently the rooms are larger, the elevators are faster and there's plenty of hot water. The rooms were clean and modern, the beds comfy, a fridge and coffee/tea maker was stocked daily. The are plenty of outlets to plug your power converters into. We called down…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staff were exceptional,"Booked weekend stay over half term so the hotel was indescribably busy... Yet staff were so accommodating. Im a hilton regular (diamond honours) and service was on levels i have become accustoned to. Witj young kids they sorted out a room on tje top floor so tje kids had a great view of london. Even when thete was a fault with the t.v we had a free meal in the the resteraunt ( thanks Irene! On reception, you wete great! X)  Even thougj we had to queue for breakfast the staff managed to keep on top of the buffett selection. Would certainley recommend the hotel and will stay here again!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just perfect for us!,"We managed to book a great price for a family room and it was worth every penny! Great location and only a short walk to Marylebone train station, so very convenient for us. Our room was spacious and the beds were a dream. We slept so well!!!!  Staff was friendly and check-in and check out was a breeze. My only complaint was that the pool needs to be warmer to be truly enjoyable.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great night in a new room,"I've stayed here many times - is a good central hotel. Is often busy but the new rooms are lovely - note they don't have a bath, rather a nice big walk in shower.   Breakfast is busy but a great selection. The pool gym facility isn't so great - doesn't feel particularly clean and modern (it is a third party facility).",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room has seen better days,"Fridge that is empty and not working, rooms are smelly, either smoke or a dead mouse...could not find one though, so have to keep window open which makes it really cold and noisy as traffic 24 hours a day. Hairs in my 1st room in the bed and on towel. The mattress slides down so not good for a bad back, Heater not working in 1st room, window does not have a lock. Concierge took my bag, 2 hours later I thought I better check, and could collect it from storage....Carpet and rooms tired. The water taps in gym also not functional. Staff is helpful and changed my room but limited in what they can do to help. Concierge is very helpful, downstairs lobby is also okay.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Understated hospitality ,The hotel is full of comfort and flexibility.  The rooms are comfortable and fully equipped.  The breakfast is the highlight of the stay.  The live omelette counter just can not be missed. The check in n checkout counters efficiency varies from super fast to painstakingly slow at times.  The hotel is close to Central London and all attractions are at walking distance. They have recently opened the sky bar which is gaining popularity among party goers and located at the 23rd level offers a spectacular view. ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor room,I stayed at the Hilton metropole for a business event and was disappointed by the room we were given. I was sharing a twin room with a colleague and I've stayed in better rooms at a premier inn! The room overlooked an inner atrium which meant the window didn't open so no chance of getting any fresh air and the air conditioning didn't work properly so the room was very warm. On top of that the bathroom had seen better days and when taking a shower the bathroom floor just filled up with water! We told reception of the issues on checking out. On top of this the Hotel was charging £12.99 for 24hrs of wifi !!... what hotel charges for wifi these days i can't remember the last time i had to pay for wifi. When contacting reception they said it was free in the lobby but I'm sorry i…,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"This hotel is in a GREAT LOCATION. Lots of different restaurants, shops, cafe's waking distance from Hyde Park and many great stores for shopping. The hotel needs a better gym it's really small and uncomfortable. It really needs an update. The rooms are small but clean. The personnel are very attentive to the guests needs. ",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expensive food and drinks ,"Great central hotel. There were 4 of us staying on business which made the family room inexpensive. Food and drink however was expensive, cheap wine sold at colossal profit! We had a buffet business dinner which was poor however breakfast was great lots of choice.The room itself was comfortable and had everything we needed.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tire but good breakfast and service,"Another Hilton hotel where the brand reputation does not live up to the reality.  The hotel is ideally positioned near to Edgware Road tube station and within walking distance of Paddington.  The hotel has a pleasant lobby which promises more than what it delivers.  Corridors and carpets are tired and my room had seen better days though things were functional.   Had a problem with my key card which kept failing.  Also got stuck in a lift where the doors wouldn't close on the wrong floor.  Hotel is busy so expect queues for check in and breakfast.   Food though is good.  Value for money isn't on offer; this is London afterall.  So, in summary, hotel is well located, decent service but has seen better days and don't expect a premium experience for the London price.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Convenient to public transportation, that's about only good thing.","Most rooms are poorly maintained and not everything works properly, like A/C heater, shower head, sink drain or TV.  Electric outlet for shavers are not marked properly and you don't know which is 110V/240V.  The bed are fake double size that means two single beds put together side by side.  Their beds are  hardest and most uncomfortable beds in the world.   You have to carry your suitcases up and down stairs to reach some rooms in Tower.  Outside rooms in East Tower are very noisy all night long and inside rooms have no privacy.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Latest Visit of Many,"Stayed at the Hilton Metropole overnight, Saturday 15th October with a coach party.  We have stayed at this hotel many times but this was our first visit this year.  Our room (No. 712) was clean, pleasant and spacious with an uninspiring view of the Marylebone fly-over.  The bathroom was clean with bath/shower. Beds were very comfortable and I had a very good night's sleep.  The room did not seem to be as noisy as some of the ones we have stayed in overlooking Edgware Road with a constant wail of blue-light emergency vehicles. Small niggles which did not matter for an overnight stay – there was no hair dryer nor face cloths and a dearth of power points.  In a modern hotel a couple of extra power points would seem to be a necessity for some guests. The breakfast at the Hilton is…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend,"Room a good size and friendly staff. 30 metres from the tube. Walking distance from Oxford street. Fantastic veiw of London from the tower. Recommended for a relaxing break, or a theatre break. We would stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Helpful stuff and good common areas,I had a conference in the hotel but didn't stay there. It is an upscale hotel with great presence and common areas. The conference facilities are very good. Stuff are very helpful.  Location wise it is not close to anything interesting. There are seems to be a lot of middle east restaurants and shops nearby.  ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy hotel in useful area ,This is a big hotel in a busy street location  It is opposite Edgware Rd tube both the Bakerloo  line station and the Circle line are just across the road  Bakerloo line is very easy into the west end and Covent Garden  So it's a very good location on reflection  The hotel is very clean and organised  Breakfast is very good here too with great service  The refurbished room we had in the Tower wing was good but it was on the 17 th floor  Great view though The sky bar was I felt disappointing  It could make so much more of its position / view  This was a very useful hotel and location ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect Weekend Base,"Hotel is as you'd expect from a Hilton. Nothing disappoints. Throw in the Sky Bar with views across London, the pool and gym, it's own underground secure car park and tube station across the road and you have a perfect base for a weekend in the city. 10 mins on the tube and you're right in the heart of it. Staff were great through out the hotel and the room rate represented excellent value for money. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Hotel, Let Down in Some Areas","The staff are excellent, as we checked in a member of staff allowed us to change our room to one with a city view which was incredible on the 20th floor. The room was average size but still nice, I'm not sure if it was a king size bed even though staff assured us it was but we enjoyed it none the less. The only let down was the bathroom, the bath was small with an awful shower and looked a bit grubby which was very disappointing. The breakfast is excellent definitely worth paying extra. On the whole it was a very nice stay for 2 nights so I would recommend for short weekend trips and its right near two tube stations so very easy to travel!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely weekend!,"Birthday weekend away, my partner treated me to a weekend away. Check in was quick and sharp. Room was set out lovely. We got a knock on our door and a young man from executive gave us some cookies to try from the cafe all nicely wrapped. Lovely peaceful area, near to everything/ walkable distance. ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel, small rooms and not much ""zing""","The good news is that the Hilton Metropole is right beside Edgeware Road tube station, and that it is one of the cheapest Hiltons in London, convenient for Paddington for the Heathrow Express.  The bad news are that the rooms are tiny, the staff largely indifferent and the in house F&B prices high. A lot of money has been spent downstairs in the lobby, but my room in the tower was dated, pokey and decorated in that late 1970s taupe and brown style with two single beds (mental note to self: blue card status in the loyalty programme is not going to win an upgrade). The hotel stands right beside a dual carriageway flyover and Hyde Park is about a mile away for jogging.   The bar on 23rd floor does offer great views of the city, but it appears to have last been decorated in the mid…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Reasonable hotel,"This is a good option for leisure and business travellers - there's a small pool and gym for those that want some exclude away from the busy streets  Room and clean and comfortable - they are functional rather than swish  Great location for west London area - near Edgware Road tube   Won't set your world on fire, but a good functional offering right in zone1",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,Met our expectations  Good location across from edgware road and 20 minute walk from Oxford Street. Breakfast was good varied choice. Would visit again if the price is right. Reception not enough staff to assist.  Didn't really use other facilities to comment ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horror story,"After years of reading reviews on TripAdvisor without registering as a user, I was finally prompted by the completely unacceptable behavior of Hilton London Meteopole staff to register and write a review. If there is an option to give a negative score, I would give it to Hilton London Metropole without hesitation.  Initially we were just a little disappointed that the conference organizer put us there. The hotel is really showing its age, with stains on the carpet and lights flickering. However, I was traveling with a young child and a lot of luggage, and did not really feel like moving to another hotel after the conference. So we extended our stay there for four days while sightseeing in London. What a mistake that was!  My 6-year-old sleeps with a teddy bear every night since…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay,"We arrived here after a long flight and were greeted by a lovely girl on reception who checked us in with a free upgrade.Our room was on the west wing with everything you need..real comfy bed and spotlessly clean.Edgeware road station is right across the road and with shops/restaraunts galore it's a great location.One word of warning..be careful with mini bar..if you take anything out just to look,a sensor triggers and you will be charged on check out as we were but they quickly amended our bill.One thing which needs addressing is the wifi..£15 for 24 hours..excuse me!!!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Touch and go experience...,"Lived in this hotel for 6 months and in business so I was away on the weekends... very touch and go and not enough attention to detail, the staff well a majority of them do well, and make the effort, upgrade your room and make your stay feel good. Cleaner do very well. But other staff are very busy keeping there nose pointed to a ceiling! But would stay here again and a Hilton member",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good for Gold members,This is a big hotel but staff are excellent and helpful. Lots of conference facilities so it can get very busy. Good location. Rooms are a reasonable size and clean. Near Paddington so handy for Heathrow. ,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Well located (near Edgware Road underground station and short walking distance of Paddington) so convenient as a base for getting around London.  It is a massive hotel, I'm guessing one of the biggest in London, so can be busy at peak times however service is good and efficient.  Room was decent, a reasonable size and all the amenities you would expect.  Pricing of my stay was very reasonable for central London - although in the past when looking to stay in London I have noted that prices can get quite high - I guess it is a case of how busy London is.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel,Only got to spend one night but it was worth it.  This hotel is close to Paddington Station and Oxford Street and is at the end of a long line of shops on Edgware Street in London.  I would recommend it to anyone wanting a nicer place to stay that is close but not right in the middle of London,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very nice 4 star hotel,This is a very high standard 4 star hotel whit everything you need. Theres even a skybar in the 23d floor With great view. The breakfast is amazing and the location is good. Just a few steps away from the tube. If I ever get a great deal for this hotel again I would definitely og back.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Outdated but convenient,"My room in the East Wing was outdated; it had no convenient outlets to charge a phone or plug in a laptop.  The bathroom had shampoo and conditioner but no bar soap.  The carpets were old and had stains.  The TV was old and had very few channels.  The shower stall was tiny.  The mattress was uncomfortable.  None of this felt like Hilton.   The hotel is located within 10 minutes of Paddington station, which gives you easy access to the awesome Heathrow Express.  However, good restaurants and shopping are mostly a longer walk away, so this is not a great choice for tourists.  Pick this as a place to crash at the beginning or end of your trip, if you need Hilton points, or if other hotels are sold out.  The hotel is gigantic, with more than 1000 rooms.  That is why, perhaps, when I…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Almost ready for prime time.,"Renovated rooms in the tower poorly designed and not outfitted for any more than one night by one person. West wing was delightful. The renovated ones have no shelves or drawers for clothing, 1 mirror in bathroom for the whole room, no closet space, bathroom doors which are translucent so that a visit to the bathroom lights up the entire room for your partner",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Forgotten how bad this place is,"I was a regular at this hotel until last year when my company moved to a different part of London, but found myself booking in here as I needed a hotel and the choice in London for that night was poor. The Tower is even more tired than I remember and the room I was given had the usual problems: 1. Tired decor 2. Poor AC 3. Filthy Windows 4. Noise from the flyover outside 5. Fire door in close proximity to my room banging and not having a soft close 6. Uncomfortable bed 7. Only 4 channels on the TV",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice family rooms,This is a big hotel. We are a family of 5 who often have problems getting family rooms. This one had two king size beds and one sofabed. The beds were good. The room was spacious even with 5 persons. Clean and with aircon. Because we were in 11 floor we could not open the windows but it was not significant for the stay. There were a nice pool to play in for the children. The skybar in 23rd floor has a wonderfull view but is not for children. The hotel is about one minute away from the tube so location is super. Breakfast was also very good. We feared queue but because of a private company there was non. A good stay for us and would definately go back.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Most disappointing Hilton yet,"Location was ok for Paddington to Heathrow, but it's not a very nice area & be warned if you intend to go for a walk... The staff were awful, checkin was slow.. we ordered a drink in the lobby bar & it didn't arrive after 20 minutes so I asked for it again (politely), it did arrive eventually 10 minutes later.. at checkout there were drinks that we never received on the bill, so I complained & asked for them to be removed; this then took the checkout girl 15 minutes to get the bar slips together and when she came back to me only one was signed... what a surprise I said, that's because the other drinks we ordered didn't appear !... now I'm not tight, but I do refuse to pay for drinks we didn't receive... eventually and after a stand up row at checkout the drinks were removed from…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Came for a concert,"Very expensive but in central London and how stunning it is, I'm not surprised. Gorgeous hotel, friendly staff, central location. Can't complain. Had one problem where I couldn't get into my room, was dealt with straight away, I was very tired and turns out I had gone to the wrong floor and tried to get in the wrong room, oops! Would love to go again but would have to win the lottery first haha. Only grumble would be bar 23, absolutely glorious but they charge a 10% compulsory service charge even on one drink which you go to the bar for and the executive lounge could be nicer ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews, No sleep ,We arrived early and asked to drop off luggage to which we did. My wife had a problem with a shoe and had go to the luggage in the store room and was shocked  The door man who took the luggage and was well tipped had just screwed up ill the jacket and suit hanger creasing all the ironed items and evening wear . That was just the start  We had 2 x executive rooms which were on the 10th floor  When we went in to our room the window was open and could not be locked  We contacted reception to get maintenance up.  We were rushed for time but if this was an executive I would hate to see basic room. We put the aircon in and it just blew hot air. I contacted reception and they said they would sort.  We were out shortly after and did not arrive until late. Guess what aircon still not…,Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
2531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel ,"Just returned from Hilton London Metropole. Overall I was very impressed with the hotel and it suited my needs perfectly. I was in London on a midweek business trip. I needed a quality hotel near Paddington with good tube connections. The hotel was just a ten minute walk from Paddington and really easy to find. The nearest tube station is Edgware Road and it's literally across the road from the hotel. You can get to pretty much anywhere in central London within half an hour or less.   The hotel itself is huge. I was staying on the 18 floor. I think there is 23 floors in total. I think it has over a 1000 rooms. The reception area is very smart and modern as is the main bar. The hotel has 4 bars, 4 or 5 places to get food from and its across the road from a Marks & Spencer.   The…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole,"The staff is very kind and helpful, and the hotel facilities like bars and swimming pool are grand. Our room was a little old fashioned and could use a refurbishment, but for the price we paid it was great",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel," Five days in London during the autumn holiday. Booked through Hiltons own website. The same day as arrival, via APP on phone, I was offered check-in at a room on the 11th floor. Upon arrival this room was not ready and we got instead an equivalent room in 10 floor. After a few days I found out the reason: Most families with children were routed here, we hit them in the elevator :-)  The rooms And hallways were also worn so I suspect this floor to be for guest booked at Hotels.com, Expedia etc (meaning the worst rooms in the hotel)  We also had a fridge that did not work. I called the help desk and asked them to fix it, but nothing happened.  However, hotel breakfast is world class, location is excellent for a London Weekend, staff are polite and helpful (except for ""the…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice and comfy ,I stayed one night here as I took a family room... fit us all.  The room was big and there is a sofa bed too and easily could fit a family of 5 or even 6.  The early check in was a plus and also the fast way to check in.   I used my EXPEDIA account and point to get a good rate ...  It is in the centre of London and in Arab area where you will see many places have shisha and Arabic delicious food ..  The hotel is has new lobby and also there is a huge sport bar...   I recommend it for sure ... ,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very near to tube and Paddington station,"I usually don't opt for hotels whose rating is below 4. I selected this hotel to stay in London because it is very near to Paddigton and Edgware road tube station and my stay was just for a day. The room was big as they gave us a room with twin beds. When I entered the room the toilet was not cleaned properly. That was the issue I found very strange as I have always seen toilets spotless in Hilton's hotels. Water in the bath was not hot enough. The hotel was recently renovated so there is huge lounge space, bars and restaurants. Breakfast menu has lot of choices.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Modern Lobby, Average Room","No of Nights – 2	 No of people – 2(adults) Location – London (Edgware Road)  Room Information  No of beds – Twin Beds Type of Accommodation – Studio with bathroom Size of Accommodation – Small to Medium size Fixtures – All available but dated. The TV was flat screen Storage space – Adequate Bathroom – Bath with shower in it. Very dated Cleanliness – Good  Accommodation Facilities/Services Lobby- Excellent but very busy Access to room (lifts/stairs) – Via lift but caught lift in new section of building and had cross a corridor into old section Staff – Very clinical  Restaurants/Bars- Several options available. These areas appear to have been recently updated Gym – Is part of Living Well. Was rather dated and considering the hotel was very large, the gym was rather small. Also had…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Bad,"Was part of a bus sightseeing bus tour such that I don't know the price of the room so can't really comment on value. Noticed that a couple of people complained about the air conditioning being loud or whatever. I found these comments almost riotous. This place has no air conditioning! They advertise as such. They even have a digital control set up for this, but I found this to be a complete hoax. Many other people had the same thought. No matter how you adjust the controls, the room never gets any cooler. I heard from some others, that, in the winter, that there is also no heat. We had a nice room, that was clean, and the bed was always done nicely. I had no problem with the food areas. I had a couple of drinks in the bar on the 23rd floor as well. No problem there. Nice view…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great weekend hotel,"This is a favourite hotel of ours due to its close proximity to nearby attractions including the West End.  Room was spacious, clean, and well appointed.  Staff were very helpful and offered real individual service.  Breakfast was as you would expect in a hotel of this class, just superb, and the later finish time was perfect for a lazy Sunday morning!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a Good experience,"Expensive for The price , Windows dirty , mistakes at check în, fire allarm în The Middle of night , i don't like The  noise of air conditioner....not a pleasant experience . I like The area...restaurants , paddinghton station",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor,Booked three night stay. Diamond member and stay at Hiltons for 45 weeks of the year.   Given a water voucher day one. Asked for another day three. Told I could not have any more water in my room as it was one per stay. Asked if this would be the same if I stayed for two weeks. A very unhelpful receptionist said yes. And allowed me to walk away. Dreadful customer service.   Avoid at all cost.,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Is this really the Hilton??,"I spent a couple of weekends in this hotel during a business trip and I was really disappointed. When u hear the name Hilton, you think about proficiency, luxury, good food but there was none of that. The receptionist was not even smiling!!! She said that I have to join Hilton Honors to get free wifi although I am sure my company reserves rooms with wifi. There was nothing impressive about the room, mini-bar was not working, bathroom stuff were rusty, and I had to call someone with tools to be able to close the window! Now, breakfast time. Bakeries were awful! Again, the staff were not smiling and all frowning! To summarize, the only good thing about this hotel is the location opposite to a subway station, lots of halal restaurants around and minutes away from everywhere you…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average food and room,Paid 210 per night for average room. Went for a meal in sky 23 restaurant on top floor. Place is tired and food is below average. There were 6 of us having a business meeting which was less enjoyable because of the food served. Way below average for the prices they charge.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
2543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good value for money ,"Stayed at the hotel for a weekend in London. Overall would definitely recommend it for anyone who wants a decent hotel which is well located and offers good value.  Pros: * Location - 1km away from Hyde Park to the south and Regent Park to the north/east, and close to 2 tube stations, so very accessible.  * Spacious rooms, ours had 2 queen beds so very convenient for friends.  * Staff was pleasant and helpful.  * Great breakfast.  * Gym is not big but had cardio and weights, and also a small swimming pool.  * Sports bar is fun for watching soccer matches with a good beer.  Cons: * The hotel is a bit dated.  * Water pressure is low, if you have a long hair to wash it will take a while... * the hotel is apparently very popular for conventions, so at times the lifts get crowded.   ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Revisit to this great hotel,"Stayed here again for another conference. The Metropole regularly hosts conferences. The meeting rooms are great. This time stayed at in one of the rooms in the tower block. I was however surprised at how small the room was, but then this is the center of London!Apart from that, I have no complaints and was pleased with the stay as before. I was welcomed as an Elite silver member, and given a room although I had reached early.  Checkout was efficient and quick and friendly. The concierge who stored my luggage while I went out (my flight was late at night), was also very helpful and friendly. Overall a very pleasant stay. No complaints!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,5* service and good location ,"Stayed at the metropole for two nights at the end of September with the girls. First bonus was how close the hotel was from the tube station - under a minute walk. Lots of places right outside for quick snacks, m&s, patisserie Valerie, pret. Hotel lobby was lovely with lots of selection for places to drink and eat. Room big & spacious. Beds remade and fresh towels in the morning whilst we was at breakfast. Breakfast lovely both mornings with a very Large selection for all. Couldn't fault this place at all and I'm quite picky. Met a lovely man who worked there named kris muhem who went out of his way to make sure our stay was pleasant and if there was anything he could do. Really nice man who deserves recognition, it's the little things like that that make me want to return. ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,london hilton metropole,"room needs update/renovation. quiet room, adequate to good temperature control, minifridge. slept very good which is at the top of my list for satisfaction. concierge were extremely helpful, considerate , and always available. location was excellent. 10 minute walk from the heathrow express with suitcases. excellent transportation options. shops and stores nearby. very large hotel. location and price were my reasons for choosing this hotel. overall pleased with my stay.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
2547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Holiday in London,What a great hotel!! Situated close to everything. The underground is a few minutes walk away. Nice viby hotel with really great food and facilities. Staff are really friendly as well. Also a really great pastry shop opposite that is a must do.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
2548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not bas,Decent hotel and quite lively. Large reception area and foyer with lots going on. Decent bar with multiple screens so good if you are a sports fan of here with mates wanting to get together to watch the footy etc. Rooms are ok. Would place this more as a 3 star hotel than anything higher. Good location though.,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,tour group's 1st nights in UK,"We stayed here for two nights upon arrival in London for a UK group tour. It was located near a variety of Asian and Indian restaurants, within walking distant of central London. Rooms were large. Breakfast was well done. Internet however was difficult to access.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent choice for a hotel close to Paddington (Heathrow Express),"For a long time I would always stay at the Hilton Paddington the night before I would return to the US, just so I could easily get to the Heathrow Express.  But I never really liked the hotel much -- too old, poor air conditioning etc.  The Metropole is a much larger, more modern hotel with better restaurants.  It is just one tube stop away from Paddington so still very easy to get to the Heathrow express.  It is actually a short walk to Paddington if you don't have a lot to carry.  The only thing that might bother you is that they want to charge you 5 pounds for a bucket of ice (there are no ice machines available).  They waiver the fee for Gold members and above but if you don't have Hilton status it would be a steep price to pay for some ice!  But, given that, they get the…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,3* not 4*,"very nice lobby , great breakfast. gangway to our room was dirty. no hairdryer in the room and our window could not close.very good location, near Oxford street and the Tube station is at the next corner.  Executive room is good.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor!!,"We are staying for 4 days in 3 different rooms and different tower (west, east and tower), booked without doing further research as trusting the Hilton name and quality. Turn out the hotel isn't in the prime location, shady neighbourhood at night and during weekend the hotel is full with party people and also probably girls that you can book with. I saw a police in the lobby watched everyone that go into the hotel but you shouldn't have this kind of things to a hilton class of hotel! Remember that there's NO security card reader in the lifts which everyone can go into every floors freely. With so many rooms in the hotel (more than 1000 I believed, is this the security that you want?!) Last thing, their staff isn't friendly and kind of rude with their way of talking, especially…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropol Hotel,"A wonderful location. A busy bustling hotel with staff who are always accommodating. The transport available to the city centre: Train, Bus, Taxi or walk. A wonderful family holiday in London. Thank you Hilton Hotels.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"This is my last stop in UK and the worse stay room condition that I came across.  And to think that this is a Hilton Hotel is appalled.  The room condition is filled with stench smell and chipped off furnishing and TV that doesn't work and dirty kettle!  For sure, we will not booked this hotel again in future!",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a convenient location,"Our tour group stayed in this hotel for two nights and we found it to be in a great location.  It is in the heart of London and is about 20 minutes from Heathrow Airport.  Also, the Edgeware Road Tube Station is opposite of the hotel.  Our room was a nice size with comfortable beds and pillows.  They have a nice bar and lounge that was a great place to have Happy Hour with members of our group.  We didn't have dinner there but the breakfast buffet had a nice variety and with a lot of choices.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,We stayed here for my husbands interview as we had previously booked another hotel and was let down by them we decided to stay here a bit further away but cheaper and breakfast thrown in. Room nice bed comfortable bathroom clean. Breakfast was really nice plenty of choice.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Buyer Beware,"The Hilton London Metropole, has an Westwing, Eastwing, and Tower. The room given to me was on the 7th floor of the Tower. Although the room had been serviced, it was not clean. The carpet was old, stained and smelled. There were particles left on the floor from the previous guest, the bed was sloppily made. I was not comfortable. When I asked to be changed to another room, I was told there was no availability. Housekeeping was sent up to vacuum the carpet, but the stains and smell was still there. Hilton should be embarrassed by putting out a room quality equivalent to a one star hotel. Upgrades and a trained accommodating staff is in much need.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
2558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better of in a Travel lodge,"Quite possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, booked the Hilton as I stupidly thought the standard would be high, first room (518) looked onto a grey concrete wall with the busiest dual carriageway behind, moved to 2106, much better view but the room was appalling, not been refurbished in 10/15 years, small grubby & worn, paint peeling, stains on the carpet, opened the mini bar to put my medication in, it was hot & smelled like something had died in it. The TV was ancient, just 4 English channels, I thought all these TVs had been sent to the tip! All this for the best part of £200! didn't go for breakfast so I cant comment, the parking was £35 for one night. I wouldn't recommend & I certainly wouldn't stay again.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a great Hilton,  Though while centrally located unfortunately this was about the only positive thing we could say about this Hotel.   The room we had appeared to be in the older part of the Hotel and seriously wasn't up to Hilton standards. The room badly needs to renovated especially the bathroom.   The actual lobby itself was like a 3-4star standard but our room was a 1star.   As a Hilton Honors member we had an expectation for this Hotel and it certainly was not met. ,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Friendly, nice","Nice room, large TV, good internet, windows do not open )-: I love fresh air...no hot water in the morning, only warm. The location is about 15 min walk to Marble Arch, Hyde park, numerous Arabic, Lebanese restaurants all around.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Standard rooms require updating,"A recent work trip had me staying in a twin standard room. Extremely tired looking, stains on the throw, cables coming out of the wall.  The hot water did not work in the bathroom, only lukewarm water due to rust and corrosion. The open areas within the hotel are fine, main toilets are in need of an update. I would never spend 180+ on a room of this standard.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,3 days at hilton metropole london ,"I had an executive room and access to the executive lounge area. The room was smaller than i expected.. the room was reasonable clean. But the bathroom needed an extra touch, because the corners were all black... the pillows were really really uncomfortable. The should invest just in better pillows. They have a huge breakfast, but in the common area is too crowdy and noisy, better in the executive lounge even if is smaller and less impresive. In general the staff is very nice (of course) and i think the high prices are involved with the brand.. for the rest doesnt deserve so high prices for the standard service that they offer.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Love this hotel,"We have stayed in the Metropole many times over the years and have enjoyed both the family and double rooms. The hotel has undergone major refurbishment in the last couple of years -  the result of which has made an already great hotel even better! The reception area is very bright and spacious with plenty of desks and more importantly people manning those desks, making the check in very fast and efficient whilst still friendly and welcoming. The lobby bar is beautiful - soft furnishings and lighting add the the atmosphere and are just perfect for relaxing alone or in the company of friends. Rooms are lovely - my advise to ask for one facing Edgware Road (they are a little bigger) Breakfast in Famia restaurant great - do stop at the omelette station where the omelettes are…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beautiful renovated rooms,"I have been staying at this hotel for years. I was pleasantly surprised to get a renovated room in the Tower wing. The room features a wall cut out for the flat panel tv opposite the bed. It also had a mini refrigerator, and a corner seating area. The bathroom is my favorite upgrade. The shower area is gorgeous with large tiles, and large shower head. The lighted mirror above the sink is very nice and there is a small shelf too. You know immediately as the elevator doors open that you are on a renovated floor by the new carpet, it's bright and modern. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel that gives value for money,"Stayed here several times. Allways helpful staff. Great breakfast, the omelette guys is fantastic. The family Room is great and offers alot of space even When You are a group of 5. Nice pool and bar. Very central location. 5 min on bus to shopping heaven ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok-ish,"I didn't realize it was a non-smoking hotel as I called to complain my room smelled of cigarette and needed to be moved to a non-smoking room. Reception said they'll send house-keeping, who came a while later and simply said 'no problem' when I complained of the smell. I was close to being frustrated and said 'what do you mean no problem??' Turns out she couldn't speak english. Bed wasn't the most comfortable either, it was alright. Internet wasn't free either, unless you were a HHonors member.   I think I was in the wing that has not been renovated recently, hence it appears dated.  I am thankful though that we had access to the executive lounge for breakfast, as it can get very noisy and busy downstairs during breakfast.  ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large business hotel ,"The Hilton Met is a large business hotel, modern in parts yet dated in others. Rooms are ok, those in Tower less modern than the West Wing but still comfortable & quiet.   Breakfast is good, lots of choice & when busy is well controlled. Just a minor grumble you do tend to leave smelling if the fryers cooking fresh eggs which isn't ideal if you are off to work!   The Sports bar is a welcome addition to the hotel & transport links are good with the tube opposite reception.   Overall a decent stay for work purposes. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Uneven service and dated,"The check is was quick and efficient and we felt really welcome. The lobby area/bar looks really nice which have us high expectations of our booked deluxe room. Stepping out of the elevator on the 20th floor it felt like we where back in the 80's, this hotel really needs a face lift! The room was spacious but dated, the bathroom was a disappointment and did not feel clean due to the black mold in the shower. Unfortunately all this did that we could not fully appreciate the great views from the room. After eating dinner out we went up to the sky bar, the decor was so tacky, silver painted panels, laminated menu etc. The service was lousy, we ordered our drinks and had to wait 25 min for them to be brought to the table although there 3 staff members in the bar and hardly any…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bad experience for a Hilton,We have stayed in the hotel for a weekend. We have booked a standard double room and we asked in the reception if it could be one of the refurbished. Surprisingly the receptionist asked for an extra £20. We have refused and he gave us one on the 2nd floor with no view at all. The guy also gave us a voucher for the breakfast that we didn't use but they charged it in the total bill. The hotel lacks of organisation. Awful experience for a Hilton. I wouldn't recommend!,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and value for money,Stated for one weekend on a business trip  Great venue   Sound wasn't that good as couldn't hear the conference from the back of the room   Good customer service and nice rooms   They offer rooms for 6 people which is amazing ,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Recommend,"Stayed one night in this very busy hotel, it is in a great location, 15 minutes walk to Oxford street and nice restaurants in Marylebone area. Stayed in room in west wing on 7th floor which was a nice size with decent bathroom.very quiet and well decorated.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One of the best priced Hiltons in London -Easy access to tubes large hotel,A very large hotel with three separate wings. There are many different room grades on offer which can be confusing at times. The rooms are not large which I guess is normal in central London when on a budget.  Access to many tube stations through the 2 stations within minutes of walk. Huge menu for room service (24 hours ).  The Breakfast buffet had more choices than I ever seen. There is a chef making omelettes and waffles on request.  I was lucky to get a newly refurbished room in the Tower area of the hotel. (18th floor).,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK but not special,"The Hilton Metropole is not quite as grand as its name would suggest. There's nothing wrong with the hotel - I stayed in the Tower wing in a newly refurbished room. The room was very clean and the bed comfortable. Breakfast was an unspectacular buffet with all the usual things. The lobby area is not the most charming I have seen, but the check in desk clerk was very friendly and efficient. I didn't stay long enough to check out the leisure facilities. Overall it's an OK Hotel, but I suppose I wanted just a little bit more from a brand with such an illustrious history.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,This hotel is massive - never been to a hotel like it. Communal areas are lovely and to a high standard. The room was what is expected of a Hilton hotel. The main thing to me is that it had air con - a must for me. Unfortunately I couldn't find a hairdryer but one was delivered to my door in a timely manner. Will definitely stay here again. ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business Trip,Our company hires the large rooms for business events 3 times a year at the Hilton.  The only con about this hotel would be the temperature of these rooms! It's always freezing in the large halls & it never seems to warm up!   The actual rooms & suits are lovely as well as room service. We recently went into the top floor bar too (owned by a separate company I believe?) This was also a really nice meal & comes with a beautiful view! ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Resonable And Could Do Very Much Better,"Took an executive room for 2 nights at a high cost - worst two nights sleep had for a long time, the bed was worn out - every time you turned over in bed the mattress mad a loud crunching sound as if it was falling a apart, this is not the first time this has been experienced - told the staff to little.  Reception in this hotel is the worst of all the Hilton Hotels have stayed at, many are slow and not friendly, checked in on line but made to fill in a booking form just because the grumpy check-in person [with a non-uk accent] selected to ask me for ID when we are an HHonors member and have been staying there for nearly 10 years on a reasonably regular basis, Still have the audacity to charge you for WiFi and in addition to £35 for parking when the parking ticket machines are…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms and Location,"Price was good,I was in a triple share room,there was heaps of room .it was close to everything we need to do ?Mark and Spencer just across the road,also close to railway line,which was good for our trip to Harold's,Portabello Markets.Nice pub down the road which was in walking distance . It was perfect .The staff were very helpful.The only problem we had our bags were not put into our room until 7.00 that night and that was after a phone call and a visit to the front counter.Nice breakfast and a lot of course,the bar was also very good and dinner was lovely. I would recommend it as it was central to our needs.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business trip,Rooms are clean and well presented. I was in the west wing which appears to be more modern. Breakfast was good with separate area for gold/diamond members. The executive lounge is very small for a hotel this size. A little more effort could be put into the lounge offerings. Otherwise a good hotel with good access to the tube and bus network,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible unrefurbished rooms in the tower wing.,"Upmarket hotel with upmarket prices.   Most of the tower rooms haven't been refurbished in 10 years.  The old rooms have dirty marked carpets, flaking paint, chipped baths, small, dark and dingy rooms. Don't take the risk you may get one of these disgusting rooms.  Lots of other choices in London and extremely poor value if you end up in one of these rooms.   Wake up Hilton,  guests have been telling you for years, staff confirmed, yet still not finished.    Avoid until they refurb all the rooms.",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"Too busy, facilities were outdated.  More suited for business conference not for a weekend trip or holiday break. Won't be staying there again.  Depending on what you are looking for...okay for commuting in London as right in front of Edgware train station. Several shops around it. ",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,NIce but in need of updating,"ROoms were a good size and comfortable, however showing signs of wear.  EXecutive lounge good but again could do with a refurb.  GOod value for london.  Close to the tube and paddington so very convenient.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing and poor value for money!,"Good -  The skybar staff, security and the night manager (Chris) were absolutely faultless and made our time manageable! Room decor nice.   BAD! -  The reception staff and those who handled the booking were extremely poor, where do I start? We booked the hotel 4 weeks prior to visiting via advance purchase however 2 days before we were due to go we received an email notifying us we haven't paid and if payment was made in 24 hours our booking would be cancelled! When calling about this I was spoken to by a rude receptionist and then manager who didn't make things any better so already I was disappointed before I even went! When I got to the hotel we were told our room wasn't ready and to store our bags in the storage room however we much preferred just storing in the car. We were…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Okayish,"Not everything was up to the standard especially the housekeeping, need English speaking housekeepers, we had one trying to clean our room prior to departure with us in the room and we had not checked out.  Everything else was to be expected of the Hilton Brand",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large Rooms, Comfy Beds Very Clean","Stayed the night while at a event in the venue, The room was of a decent size with a large comfy bed tea and coffee in the room along with the normal shower gels etc, Breakfast in the morning holds a large selection from hot to cold along with fresh omeletes.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"Very good experience but felt it was overpriced. Room was very clean, bed very comfortable and air conditioning was great as it was very hot and humid (over 30C) during my stay. Breakfast was not included which made it even poorer vale for money. Had the hotel not been so well positioned for my business trip I would not have stayed as it was expensive for what it was.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful,"Biggest family room in London, clean, spacious & very convenient, my kids loved the hotel & enjoyed the stay. I would recommend it without hesitation, ask for high floor, west wing with a view if available!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Central London hotel close to Paddington but nowhere near as nice as Hitlon Paddington. This place is a convention hotel and is jam packed with people 24/7. Room was adequate and upgrade to the executive lounge as nice, though the lounge was a zoo full of children (who technically weren't supposed to be there) and others who had no business being there but were there as there was no access control to the lounge. Edgeware Road Tube stop literally right across the street but otherwise; nothing in this neighborhood other than Middle-Eastern restaurants and assorted ME establishments.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Take a trip back in time to a substandard 1970s hotel, but at 2016 prices!","In London for business and all my usual hotels were booked, so I had no choice but to stay at this Hilton.  I am stunned at how bad this hotel is and that it actually operates under the Hilton name.    I will start with the few positives: -excellent wifi -fast elevators -decent executive lounge and okay fitness center -close to Paddington station  Now, the many negatives: -check in experience was abysmal: they could not get me into my room early (which is okay), so I left and went to work.  At 5pm, they called me and ask when I needed the room because someone else was still in it. I told them that I needed it by 7pm.  It was ready by then, but that is ridiculous. -I stayed in the ""Lord Byron"" suite on the 7th floor, east wing.  It was so bad that Lord Byron would be spinning in…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Company meeting ,There are so many better places to stay in London. If you want to be in a strongly Lebanese part of town then it's ideal but otherwise I'd want to be closer to the central tourist areas and somewhere smaller. This Hilton is so large it has no soul at all and feels very impersonal.  The food has been ok - breakfast omelette was my favourite of the week. The lunch buffet was very repetitive over the 3 lunches I experienced.  Be warned about the car park. It's great they have one on site but the parking spaces are so tight it's a nightmare to park. ,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing rooms,"I stayed here recently with work and although the lobby is very modern and light the rooms are not great. The hotel is split into two wings which makes it very confusing. The lifts take forever and the public toilets are a disgrace. Doors don't shut, taps don't work and they are filthy. The room I had smelt like feet and the bed was rock hard. It was really cheap and uncomfortable. The air conditioning was very old and the bathroom tired. The noise from the road was also unbearable. I stayed for 3 nights and hardly slept. The only good thing here was the food which was great. Go for a meal but don't stay the night for goodness sake! ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Service And Another Enjoyable Stay,We would like to thank the staff who always go that extra mile to make our stay so enjoyable the room allocated was one of the new deluxe rooms in the tower block and we were very impressed with the very clever use of space the level  of fittings was to a very high standard bed very comfortable loved the very high standard bathroom fittings with full width walk in shower excellent water pressure large wash basin  large heated illuminated mirror all very well thought out. We would also like to thank Chadie the Executive Lounge Manger and all his very professional staff who always provide outstanding service we always leave looking forward to our next visit.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel location and facilities,"Great family room with very comfortable accommodation, I would recommend this hotel for families traveling wit kids or adults as the room size is great and the view was just amazing  , the hotel location Allows us to stay longer without any issues.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Most affordable hotel I could find for 4 adults,I picked this for the price and after checking reviews on trip advisor.I paid $1233 for 4 nights for one room thru hotels.com in late August. Most hotels make you get 2 rooms for 4 people at least in London. The hotel lobby is more updated than the rooms. We had super hard beds but it was clean. Housekeeping was great. My safe did not work first night but they came right away and fixed it at 10 pm at night. I had free Wi Fi which came and went as it usually does. We ate at the Sky bar which was really good with a great view on the 23rd floor. Check out my photos.I have not been to London for 30 years so London has changed a lot.  The area is not as bad as the sf bay area with homeless but the first night I did feel uncomfortable. The area is heavy middle eastern. At first I…,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This hotel is just like a travel lodge but treble the price ,"Me and my husband stayed here this weekend just gone (11.9.16)   When our coach pulled up in front of the building, I thought he'd just stopped in traffic, but no, this was it, of the coach we got, no bell boys, nothing.  Inside looked very plush, marble and over stated, very multi cultural and it was absolutely massive it also felt as if there were a lot of very wealthy middle Easten families there and that's where all the staff were! Bell boys, etc,  We checked in and was just given our key cards and told we were one on floor 7, lifts worked well, again lifts opened I and the corridors looked very plush, there were 2 signs saying no smoking.   We got into our room which had the air company and was freezing, that was sorted by a turn of a button.  Room was basic, no lighting on…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Would not recommend,I would never recommend this particular hilton hotel. The service was horrible. Overcharged rooms different from booking price. The pastry and selection at breakfast was not nice either. Pastry was stale.,Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Short trip,Hotel was nice and good location. If you like arabic food is all around you. Supermarkets also near. Tube station and buses within 5 minutes walking. Bfats was good and same for food quality. I booked it with wizztour package it was much cheaper deal than book it alone. Good choice will be back sure.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too busy to care,This is my second stay at the hotel for a convention.  Check in is a nightmare and the staff are quite rude if you have any kind of issue. I let a family who had flown in from Saudi Arabia go ahead of me.  They were  checked in and when one of them returned to ask for the wifi password he was asked to join the queue again!  He only came down again because they were not answering the phones.   I had a problem with this booking and they were incredibly unhelpful once it was established I didn't book direct. The room we were in was clean and large enough.  No water is provided.   A work of caution...never park there. When you call they tell you it costs £25 for the weekend no conditions.  It is actually £25 if you arrive after 3pm Friday and it is a DAILY charge.  We got a bill of…,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and tired,"1 x Saturday night stay. Room looked tired and decor in need of attention. Shabby repairs in bathroom and peeling paint. TV fixed after contacting concierge. Bar service terrible ... slow, confused and food quality poor. Looked like yesterday's supply. Fridge in room not working but didn't bother to seek help.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nightmare at Hilton London Metropole,Staff can be a little more polite in dealing with customers. Great customer service is maintaining your hotel policies while making the customer feel valued. This was not the case at the hotel. Staff & procedures were inconsistent and made me feel I totally wasted money,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in a great location,"I have stayed in Hilton London Metropole for over 3 weeks in June and August 2015. The location of the hotel is great being very close to Edgware Road tube station (Circle Line and Bakerloo Line stations) and close to numerous eating joints and fine dining restaurants. So if you want to eat outside hotel you will be spoilt for choices. The hotel is huge with east and west wing towers. The rooms are little small but understandable given the location but it is packed with all the facilities you desire. Room service is also great. The restaurant and buffet spread was perfect. The Executive Lounge which I visited daily in the evening  is great with variety of food options and good choice of liquor. Understandably it used to be very crowded daily :) Overall, I was quite satisfied…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Dirty, Noisy and Crowded","Spending a week in London at the Hilton Metropol; what a mistake it was to book it here. I am staying at the newest tower (west wing) on the 12th floor.   Walking from the elevator to my room, I can clearly smell guest were smoking in the hallway.  The night before last, some customers dumped their Pizza boxes with some left overs in the 12th floor lobby; they also left plastic bags full of garbage. On the positive side, I called up the reception and they apologized and sent someone up to clean it up.  While the corridors and public areas are messy, the room itself feels clean.  The hotel is located on 225 Edgware Rd, which is running thru ""Little Beirut"" in the heart of London. If what you're looking for is a genuine British experience, choose another place. If you're…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I would not recommend the hotel,"I would not recommend the hotel. The room smelled funny, the AC was not working, the bed was uncomfortable, we were made to pay £64 for parking instead of the £25 advised by Hilton Customer Service. I certainly will not be returning at this hotel and will make sure people know about this. I would not recommend the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton overcharge my credit,"When I made the reservation of the hotel, and the price is 161 Pound, and the price is also the same in the receipt.  The exchange ratio of English pound to US dollar is 1:1.333, and I should be charged of about $220 for my credit card.  However, I checked my credit activity today, and found that my total charge was over $260.00 In other words, Hilton over charged my credit card by about $40.00. This is CHEATING. I just can not tolerate this activity.  I hope Hilton can be honest in charging customer's credit card.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good for business! ,Just stayed there with the Mary Kay conference for 3 nights. Lovely check in experience with a Romanian gentleman can't remember his name but he was very helpful and met our requests for a specific room number. Kristina in the exec lounge is delightful and Diego in the main lobby bar makes the best Espresso Martinis ever! Concierge came to my rescue on a couple of last minute things which I was very grateful for. Food was delicious everywhere I ate and service was good. If only your guests were as well behaved as some of them were just awful! Rude demanding and obnoxious whereby on a couple of incidences I overheard a couple of international guests giving the staff a hard time which made me feel a little uncomfortable. Why certain nationalities can't learn some manners is beyond…,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable stay,I recently stayed at the London Metropole with my husband and son.  We stayed in a family superior room and our stay was very comfortable.  The room was very spacious with comfortable beds and very clean. The staff were all very friendly and helpful and the breakfasts were delicious.  We would definitely recommend this hotel and would book again without hesitation.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, great staff","Stayed in family room with 3 children. Room was good, nice and clean but space was limited with sofa bed out. Pool was great, as was the food. Staff made it a great experience as always happy to help.  Only negative, having to ask for some complimentary water. Seems pretty, but it's the little things.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,nothing to shout about,a bit old property concierge should.ve been more helpful with our group nice and fresh club sandwich in the lobby bar but nothing special  good quality price. hilton is always warranty but no luxe was shown to us i would recomend it,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Trip to London,It was nice hotel but corridors smell bad. Hotel should replace carpets. Breakfast was nice. Hotel location very nice for us. Staff were helpful. internet speed reasonble. I suggest assign internet profile for each room for more stablity.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient to the Tube,"We stayed here for two nights and it fits our budget.  The Green and Brown lines tube are only a 3-minute walk from the hotel.  It's a 30-minute walk to the Buckingham Palace.  It has a swimming pool and the gym on the second floor.  All other aspects are good, i.e. service, breakfast, room...",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst bed in the world!,"I can sleep on anything but this was the most uncomfortable bed in the world, it was like sleeping on a plank of wood! For a London hotel I was really shocked to find that you couldn't get wifi in your room, you had to pay! I paid for 24hrs even thought I was leaving the next morning, it logged out after a few hours & I couldn't get back on. I told the reception about this & they said I hadn't been charged but guess what I had & I'm now trying to get my money back. Awful experience & a really tired and dated room, with carpet that made you want to keep your shoes on!",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
2611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend break in London,"Stayed at this Hilton for two nights, overall this was a very good location for us. The breakfast choice was amazing, although the rooms had been updated they still looked tired. However the staff made up for this aspect of the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"not your typical Hilton standard here, just a good stay",This hotel is a ways from the city center - too far to walk for this active family used to  moderate amounts of walking while on vacation.  The hotel is also huge..and the large layout made it hard for Uber to understand where to pick us up.  The main entry is quite small for the LARGE hotel.  The rooms were clean and adequate.  We also ate breakfast each day and it had plenty of choices for us.  We asked for mattress toppers because of the hard mattresses and they never appeared.,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good deal,"This Hilton is in walking distance from Paddington- for the LHR connection, but also close to oxford street / hide park area.  The lounge is OK and breakfast is OK  if you follow the guidance of the hotel to avoid peak hours.  Enjoyed the stay",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay. ,The hotel is very nice and enormous in size. Although the hotel was undergoing a refurbishment in part of it nothing could be heard or seen. The breakfast is abundant and the staff manged it smoothly even when there was a lot of people. I fully recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,bwoods,"relay good have stayed there two times and would stay again excellent cleanliness friendly staff good location for the London   nice breakfast   helpful staff very nice rooms and good beds slept well pool clean my grandchildren loved it , one of my grandchildren went under the bed and said it was very clean under there",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A typical hilton,"We upgraded to a king size supreme I think it was called. Slightly bigger  than a deluxe. Mostly clean although a few areas such as bed runner stained. Excellent air conditioning. Cheaper rooms in smaller Hiltons get fruit, bath robes and nibbles. This is London though I guess so expect to pay. Hotel busy even though term time ... Again this is London. On doorstep of underground links with big marks and Spencer's across road for food and clothing you may need. Staff helpful but busy. Restaurant fiamma is empty at night but great food. Breakfast is immense. You could not fail to be happy with the selection. Good maid service. Bar prompt and attentive service. A nice stay as is usual in Hilton  Area surrounding a bit rough, no nice restaurants to visit at night without travel on…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mrs Bridget knock,Had a lovely three night stay breakfast was excellent had our evening meals at the hotel which were also excellent . Took our grand daughter with us who enjoyed the swimming pool and her meals were brilliant ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay -welcoming and helpful staff,"We stayed for 3 nights , and thoroughly enjoyed every minute. We were given a room on the 18th floor , it was in excellent order with a newly refurbished bathroom. There was no bath , which is always a disappointment to me as I like to relax in the tub, however, this was OK as it was only for 3 nights. We found the small fridge very useful . The bed was enormous and the mattress very comfortable , with lovely crisp clean linen . The hotel was in a great position for sight seeing and there was a bus stop just outside the hotel to take you into town.  We walked into town several times as we like walking. The staff were the friendliest and most helpful we had ever met in a hotel of this quality . This is in spite of the fact that they put up with constant rudeness from residents ,…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never dissapoints,"The west wing queen superior family rooms are 1 of the biggest to stay in London, I Solely love this hotel due to the location and friendliness of all the staff, A BIG THUMBS UP,  Special thank you to Javier and Larel Vilsoni at the front desk who personally accompanied me up to my room as wanted a certain room number due to the view but was not disappointed with what was offered to me eventually, As a Diamond member i really feel they acknowledge the status unlike some other hilton properties. The Concierge staff especially Diogo who was always friendly and kept on taking my shopping parcels up to my room always Smiling, Looking forward to meeting the team once again in the near future",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice place but ended on a bad note,"Arrived at this place and was suprised at how nice it was, very clean and conviniently located, came with my wife and 2 kids both under 2. The staff were all perfect couldnt find a single complaint about them then arrived at the pool area where the gentleman was very rude and abrupt, spoke very rudely to my wife, wouldnt let my wife get my daughter changed instead of me so we just left, then i had bought a very expensive perfume from harrods which by accident we had left in the hotel room, its been 3 days since weve been back and they still are telling us that i have to wait another 72 hours before anyone can do anything! Ive even offered to drive up again 4 hours each way to collect myself but they really seem to be taking the mick! I havent recieved a straight answer as to…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,Excellent location within minutes of Paddington Station. Many eateries within walking distance. Food in hotel was good. Gym and pool area are lovely. Standard room beds were a little stiff. Hallways were loudeVery busy hotel. Benefits outweighed the negatives.,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
2622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired decor,"The room was an executive room which was not up to our expectations. Chipped wood,cracked bath panel,stained carpet,frayed chair to name a few. The tv picture was fuzzy too. The bed was lumpy and creaked on every move which resulted in a poor sleep. The breakfast was good but we found a great deal of staff seemed miserable.  The great ball of black hair found under the desk and cigarette dimps on the outside ledge are not what we expect from hilton.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,First visit,"Having stayed at Martiott and a Guoman hotels in London we decided to try Hilton and were pleased we did. Would suggest asking for a high floor quiet room (930) was reasonably quiet for London. Bathroom was good with plenty of hot water and enjoyed the Executive Lounge, also the leisure facilities,",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel at reasonable rate,"It is a nice hotel located in vicinity where you will not feel that you are in London, because of that I can't give 5 ratings. Surrounded by middle east asian restaurants and population. Hotel as a whole is very nice, clean and tidy. Food is also good. If you like middle east asian cuisine, you will find many restaurants outside which is worth visiting. Located just opposite to tube train station which will connect you to most of the tourist destinations.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Totally underrated.....totally excellent ,"Right so I am biased... I have stayed here many times, mainly on business but also occasionally with my wife for the odd weekend throughout the year. Now this place is a bit different with the clientelle and area distinctly middle eastern but it gives the place some ambience and character. The rooms are generous in size.....especially in the west wing and if you upgrade (or a diamond member) to executive level then the lounge is definitely a bonus that is worth the extra for. While I have only occasionally used the pool and fitness room.....for central London it's difficult to beat. Now the place is one of the biggest hotels in London so if you are looking for boutique or the personal touch this isn't the place BUT the hotel staff, from reception, doormen, bar and lounge staff…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
2626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,location location location,The hotel has great rooms. The staff were all excellent and polite. Location perfect for visting London for any reason as very convenient transport links. all types of restaurants and cafes on your doorstep. Will definitely stay here again the next time I visit London,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Work Trip,"The hotel was very nice, clean and tidy. Our check in process was slightly annoying due to a miscommunication between my work and the venue but they did rectify the situation.  Breakfast was outstanding and the staff in the breakfast bar were lovely. I felt the staff on the front desk were unhelpful and dismissive. They didn't want to hear any feedback.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay,"The room was very small and had a funny smell. Robes, shower caps, slippers and a sewing kit were not provided. The concierge staff were very helpful and kind. The staff at the reception were accommodating of requests and happy to help.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A good experince in a  large busy hotel,"We frequently stay at this is a very large, very busy hotel with a multi-cultural client group. Everything worked well for us from an early check in to an express checkout Staff were efficient and friendly; our room met our needs and breakfast in the Executive Lounge was good.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
2630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a Hilton Group Standard!,"I have stayed at the Hilton London Metropole hotel for nine nights. The hotel is at a great location at Edgware Road. The superior rooms area is fairly good. On the other side, the housekeeping is not so good and barely touching on the surface when cleaning. The breakfast restaurant is small, crowded with many people and the food frying sticks on the clothes as if the person was cocking himself! The reception staff and Guest Service provided different conflicting messages when I requested late check out for my room indicating non professional behavior and lack of flexibility.",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
2631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Wounderful staff, great location! ","I stayed here for one night with my husband and 3 children, we did encounter a few problems due to previous inconsiderate guests! The hotel has limited family suites which is what we had booked, the people before us had failed to check out and left their belonging in the room delaying the cleaners. It was also evident they had been smoking in the room, the cigarette ends had been shoved down the sink overflow in the bathroom. (Grrrrr!!)  we where suppose to check in ourselves at 3pm, when we arrived at 6 we were advised to would be at least another hour, 3 hungry tied children, not an ideal situation. The staff where wonderfully apologetic and jumped hoops to compensate our disappointment. We went for dinner in the restaurant and found the food absolutely delicious, the staff…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge disappointment,"Do not let the minimalistic, modern lobby and stock photos fool you - most of the hotel is not yet renovated.  The old rooms are dirty and smell of mould, the furnishings are old and the bathroom is way below average in cleanliness.  We checked in after a long flight where our luggage was missing from the airline and were really tired - this was definitely disappointing.  We went back to the front desk and were told we can upgrade to their 'deluxe' (new) rooms for an extra 70£ per night!  A ridiculous amount for an 'upgrade' to a room which should have been standard to begin with.  We were placed in a room directly across from the maids' room and they start banging the door open and close since 6AM and we could not get a decent night's sleep.  Again, when we brought it up with…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family sightseeing trip,Great value for money and an excellent sized room for a family of 5 in central London. Not many hotels have accommodation available for a family of 5 that doesn't break the bank. The Hilton Metropole is a fantastic family hotel in a great location.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed with this stay,"I stayed at the Hilton London Metropole about 5 years ago, and back then I was staying in the renovated wing, and had a great stay. This time however it was a disappointment, since I stayed at the tower portion of the hotel, that seems to not have been renovated yet.   So overall the furnishing is tired. Even though the room was clean.  There are several things that need upkeep.  And another thing that's a shocker is that 5 years since my last stay, Wifi is still not free in the room, and the hotel rate is outrageously high. Last time I was able to pay for Wifi from BT's service from the street because I was on a lower floor, but it didn't work this time.    The lobby and the public areas have gone through a major face lift since last I was there, but I suppose because this…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hilton hotel at a great location,This is a good hotel at a great location in London. It's very close located to Heatrow Expres and very close to the nearest subway stations. It's a huge hotel with a lot of rooms also people staying there. Service is ok and breakfast is good,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,We stayed in this hotel as a family with children. The hotel location is very good. The rooms are above average. Check in & out were fast. Breakfast was really delicious with great service. Concierge was not really helpful. Room service and housekeeping were good. ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Work event,"We ran a sales boot camp here and had 30 plus staff stay at the hotel and have dinner.    My room was lovely and on 17th floor with great views of Hyde Park.  Cannot comment on the food as I was too busy sorting everyone else out, but it looked nice.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Adequate,"This is your standard big city business hotel. There are several different towers, and some of the rooms seem to have been given a light remodeling. The staff are friendly and professional, and I give a big thumbs up for the gourmet takeaway restaurant in the lobby. One of the staff members there is extremely nice to deal with, and the food is quite good, especially for someone like me who doesn't like to deal with room service. The hotel location is good, although the neighborhood is a little funky. If you are looking for a big and impersonal hotel then the Hilton Metropole is for you.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice family vacation at hilton london metropole,"Decent and spacious family rooms at the right location (Edgware Road) in Central London. Very close to key locations  like Hyde Park, London Zoo, and Oxford street for shopping. It was value for money staying at the hilton london metropole on this short family vacation.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average!,"Comfortable room, spacious and bright but outdated. The Bathroom needs some work and upgrade.  Friendly and helpful staff.  Wide range of products for breakfast but the restaurant was too crowded and noisy.  Close to Edgware underground station.   ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,Spent a very pleasant night at the Metropole hotel. The room and bathroom were very clean. I had a very large bed which was comfortable with duck down and feather pillows. Slept very well. Good TV reception. Breakfast was excellent with plenty of choice including omelettes that were made to suit you personally. We ate in for our evening meal. The choice wasn't extensive and my companions and I all had the fish and chips. They were well cooked and came with a selection of sauces on each plate. I would definitely stay at the Metropole  again and can recommend it.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Still decent,"Hadn’t stayed here for some time and was dubious about visiting again but our fears were unfounded.   We chose not to upgrade to a more swish room and found the room on the 11th floor of the Tower to be quiet, clean and comfortable. The air con was effective and the room had a safe, iron and ironing board, hairdryer, television, alarm clock, etc. The minibar was empty but could be stocked if required. The bathroom showed some signs of wear and tear as did the corridors but had a bath and the water pressure was great.    The hotel was busy and breakfast felt a little frantic but we enjoyed the extensive selection of items and the staff were attentive. The hotel’s various cafes and bars were stylish and popular and prices were ok.   Well located for tubes, buses, parks etc.  …",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large , modern, central Hilton","Very big Hilton property , bustling reception area with big open bar and coffee shop franchises. Gym excellent - one of the few central London Hilton properties with a sizeable swimming pool.  Very convenient for the Edgeware Road tube- the surrounding area has many bars and restaurants and is always safe and busy with life. Rooms are very big , especially in the 'new' tower . The twin room had 2 queen beds , so always handy if family want to visit. There are rooms that comfortably sleep 5, with one on a sofa bed or rollaway.  There is an executive lounge , but I've rarely used it. Breakfast in the main dining area is better . They do warn of queues at peak times, which is a bit ominous , but there is a separate line for diamond members , so I've never been made to wait . Good…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel has the look but not the substance ,Booked this place for a night to meet up with friends. Booked a non-refundable triple room which cost £158 and didn't include breakfast.  Unfortunately friends had to cancel last minute on me so me and my husband decided to not let it go to waste and have a night out in London. I called and asked if it was possible to swap the triple room for a double and the person on the phone was lovely and said she was going to swap it for one of their newly refurbished King rooms.  Location is great straight off the tube. When we arrived we were checked in swiftly by friendly staff.  We went straight to the bar for a quick drink after travelling for a couple of hours - drinks were expensive but we were in London. £15.05 for a Stella cidre and a Malibu & Coke.  The room was on the 16th…,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice property even better location n hospitality..,"Nice hotel property located in happening Edgware Road just opposite the two Edgware tube stations. The lobby is impressive. Services here are true to their Hilton brand. Many restaurant options like sports bar, coffee pub, n many more available for the guests.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Second visit,"This was our second stay at this Hilton. We are Hilton rewards members and try to always stick with this brand. This is first time there was no Hilton honors welcome in the room, a bed with springs we could feel, and not the usual Hilton quality. The pool was nice but a parent (or adult) is now required to be in the pool along with the child. The water was pretty cold.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location... Tired hotel.,"The staff seems to be very pleasant and helpful. It is very close to the Paddington train station and the underground so it makes it a quick Jaunt from Heathrow airport. The rooms are small and a bit tired, especially if you are not in a newly renovated room. The breakfast is chaotic but plenty of options. Overall a C",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Solid Hilton good location ,"This Hilton is in a great location very close to padding ton station and next to subway and lots of busses, the breakfast was very good and rooms decent for London. The hotel gives the vibe of a monster of a hotel very impersonal but for what we were looking for was suitable The neighborhood has gone a little downhill since I last visited but it is what it is ....  Would stay here again ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant from start to finish ,"Don't believe what you read on here got to experience it for yourself !!  Brilliant friendly clean and amazing hotel we had a family suite on the 5th floor no problems at all with room perfect in every way and lovely peaceful nights sleep. Restaurant for breakfast, staff were very helpful and very attentive to my family, large selection of choice of food from full English to fruits yoghurt sand continental food. Sports bar staff on a night again very attentive. Also swimming pool very clean and staff friendly. Lovely canal area out the side of the hotel for relaxing and fresh air. Location perfect for Marble Arch end of the city and Oxford street plenty of shopping. Highly recommend the hop on hop off bus trips around London. We will be back and will definately stay here.  Thank…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Stay,"We stayed for 2 nights our room was of good size.We loved their breakfast loads of variety to choose from.Although it's on busy road still we never heard any noise.Overall,it was great stay and I would like to stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,1.5 hours to get Z- bed,"After a long hot day sightseeing in Central London. My wife andI I checked into a family room with our 3 children at 22:30hrs, to find there was only beds for 4 ( we had booked for 5 well in  advance). We rang reception , after a long wait to answer. Reception said they'd send a z-bed up to our room straight away. Finally at 1am and 3 calls to reception - each time being told "" the bed was on its way"" the bed finally arrive! Not very good service!",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
2652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,The hotel have really good location just cross of the  street is Edgware station about 8min walk Paddington. Near by u will find M&s food and a lot restaurants.. The location is really central and u will find all what u need. Little bit overpriced of type of room what I had but we are in London,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton gold no breakfast,"Location good about a 10 min maximum to paddington station. Rooms very average, nothing spectacular. Sensors on fridge stop you from placing anything into for cold storage. AC is weak. If you're worried about noise, right next to busy highway. And besides a couple of free bottles of water and free sample pieces of chocolate, likely not get much from the Hilton status. ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fine place to stay in London,"Comfortable, pleasant hotel. Within walking distance to Paddington Station and Hyde Park. Amazing fitness facility . Helpful, friendly staff. Neighborhood has many different ethnic restaurants in the area.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor stay for birthday/theatre trip,Poor location full of halal restaurants. No way of opening the windows as all locked no fan or air con for the heat. No dressing gown supplied in the room. Staff not very friendly or helpful and not very good English. Had to complain twice for them to fix the tv.,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Unprofessional ,"I'm always saying that Hilton the best in the word and if u see my last reviews for Hilton u know what exactly I mean about the best , but this is first time I feel that Hilton london metropole they are unprofessional , they do sent know what they are doing in the Receiption , and even the rooms with no AC working well , even the new rooms , with big noise from the AC, with no shampoo in the room , even they charge twice for nothing and when u ask they said , will get back to u soon , and then they said aha ok will give u back your money after 7 working days :-) Hilton metropole it's not about the money guys it's about to be pro, and even u charge me guys to give me a bigger room , but u didn't :-) u gave me only new room with noise and no AC , no shampoo , I don't want to…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bad choice,This was a bad choice of a hotel. Not suitable for families as it is more of a business hotel. Very large hotel with limited selection of restaurants. You have to catch a cab to go and eat anywhere decent. ,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,First time in london,"Edgware road is the best place to stay in for Arabs and Muslim families, halal food everywhere, tesco supermarket where cheapest prices and center point for transportation, rooms suitable for families and friendly staff, Starbucks at the reception :) This is view from our king suit in 6th floor east wing building ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dated standard rooms,"I have to say the breakfast was nice with a good choice and the staff in the restaurant was very nice and attentive. If your staying in the Hilton they will charge you £30 per night deposit for any damage/ not paid stuff that you might use. They said its a common practice, I have never come across and I have slept in few better hotels. Moving on, when we entered the room we have found huge fridge with nothing in it! Not even bottle of water. The bedding was clean but mattresses were worn out and rather uncomfortable for four star they could have done better than creaking springs on every move (I am very heavy 7st ;)) The bathroom were very small there was just enough space to turn around between sink toilet and very small bath. We have stayed 3 nights. ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,£12.99 per night for WiFi!!!!,"Large spacious hotel. Rooms are a little on the small side, but not  the smallest by London standards. Very busy, but check in staff very welcoming. Large bar area on ground floor. What I find is totally unacceptable is the £12.99 per night charge for WiFi. This is an exception in london these days , as all hotels provide this free of charge, so do factor that into your budget,",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very very very poor service,"I stayed here with my family and it was the most shabby of hotel decor i have seen. The fridge in my room and my kids was not working. An engineer was sent to our room but blankly looked at us and asked 'wot do u want me to do?,i cant fix it'.  I was told to leave a deposit at reception incase i ordered roomservice and was given a receipt. On checking out this chubby lady on reception would not accept my signature even though i had my room keys ,the receipt and my passport was checked. Was made to feel like a criminal 😡 Also on phoning the hotel concierge prior to visiting i was told carparking would cost £75 for 3 days. At reception i was charged £105. What kind of service is this. Not hilton service as i hav stayed at a diff hilton before and loved it. I WONT B STAYING AT…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Crowded,"The hotel is acceptable. Certainly not one of the top Hilton properties but decent.  The staff is very friendly but appears overwhelmed and poorly trained.  The real problem is the crowds. the breakfast is a mob scene. The hotel opened an alternative breakfast location but it was poorly advertised ao few people went. There's lines for everything and there's a stifling feeling.  The food was bland and mess hall type.  At least during August, The hotel is very popular with large Muslim families and that confers the place a specific character.  The fitness center is very small but well appointed. The swimming pool is small but decent and it provides a nice break for children after touring the city.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mixed,On a positive note the staff are excellent . Our room keys didn't work -changed and accompanied back to room where they worked first time ( subsequently didn't) The bedroom whilst clean was so tiny you could hardly get round the beds. Very 'basic' bathroom . Excellent breakfast staffed by lovely people but I really would not stay here again .  ,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business Visit to London,"Very attentive staff, rooms tend to be small. Heating system difficult to figure out. Felt cold all night. The restaurant downstairs is great but the service is pretty slow. Great location and great concern to please customers. Despite normal challenges, a great place to stay in London.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great staff and nice hotel,Simply the staff are great and works hard to ensure customers are happy. The breakfast was very good and the cook who makes the omelette deserves a recognition for coping with the work load.  Loved it will visit again in end of October 2016. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great spot to see London,"Really good location. 15 mins walk to Marble Arch, same to Madam Tussauds and the tube is just over the road.  Food relatively well priced for London and excellent quality. Been here before on business and decided to use it for a pleasure trip and wasnt disappointed",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Understaffed. Not acceptable.,My room had no towels and no room service menu. Tried calling front desk to request these things. Let the phone ring about 100 times and tried multiple times over 2 hours. Just rings and rings.  Seems like nobody works here. Avoid this hotel.,Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
2668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London,Great customer service and awesome location.  I stay here for business on a regular basis.  The concierge is always available for your needs.  The only thing I would avoid is some of the inside rooms on the lower floor have very little light as they are inside rooms that face each other and heavy equipment over the pool.  I a room there once and they were more that happy to move me.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay - will definitely return,"My husband and I have just got back from a 2 night stay here. When we checked in the staff were very friendly and attentive. We were directed to our room which was on the 10th floor of the tower wing. We booked a king double room. It was lovely and spacious and had a bath and shower. It was clean and the bed was made and the room cleaned while we were out. We had breakfast which we went down to the buffet style room for on our first morning which was great. Staff very attentive and the food fresh and plentiful. On the second morning we were feeling a little delicate (our own faults!) So I called reception to order room service for breakfast feeling fully prepared to pay for it. The only charge was for tray service which was £6 each. They brought up 2 full Englishes, pot of tea,…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected,When i checked in at 340PM my room was not ready. I had booked a family room of me and my family (2 queens and a sofa bed with living space) The lady at front said the room was still dirty .. and would not be ready for an hour. She made up for it by offering us 5 free drinks at the edge bar. Which was appreciated so thank you for that. I had  along flight and wasn't feeling well so I just wanted to get to my room. At 440PM I checked and the room was not ready still but the man at front consulted with his co worker and i believe they had us over to a room that was available not the room i initially booked or was going to get. Staying in room 793 in the west wing the room was spacious for my family of 5 but it was the little things that put a damper and was an inconvenience. One…,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family break,"On arrival staff were very helpful,room was great, veiw was better, bed was lovely,slept really well daughter loved the pool weren't far From anywhere tube n station just over the road lovely stay overall ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never Again,Had to stay the first night in a room that stank of smoke. Complained to reception  and was told that a machine would be put into the room to take out the smell. We arrived back late at night to discover this hadn't been done and it was to late to move room.  Moved room the next day but our clothes smelt of smoke for the entire weekend. For the next 2 nights we had Asian kids running wild in our corridor unsupervised at 1am. Never stayed in a hotel with so many rude people.  The staff did all they could to help but they to has to listen to a lot of unnecessary abuse from people staying in the hotel. My wife and two kids aged 5 and 8 were queuing for the lift with a man in his 50's jumped in front of us.  When my wife told him there was a que he spoke to her in a way no man…,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Kerr,"Was a nice  hotel, the staff were very pleasant and helpful good selection at breakfast and waiting time was minimal close to Oxford Street and Hyde park and only a short walk from the tube station with a great Italian only a short distance away ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel in a central location,"We went as a family to london, and spent two nights at the hilton metropole. The hote was comfortable and clean with good service. Central location, walking ditance to Marbel Arch and Oxford street, there is a tuve station next to the hotel. We enjoyed thhe gym and the pool, although it wa not very big, it was well maintained and had good facilities.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Awful service, dirty rooms. Never again ",Staff at reception are rude. No heating in the room. Room unclean. Mini bar not stocked. Pubic hairs on bathroom floor. Food encrusted on carpets. Wall paper peeling. Mould in bathroom. Paint flaking off walls in bathroom.  The worst Hilton I have ever stayed in ,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A truly intersnational hotel.,"This hotel is so large and is obviously well known to world travellers that one almost feels as if you are on a Star Wars set. A few intergalactic aliens would go unnoticed without problem.  In all we had a pleasant one night stay in a room on the 17th floor. All facilities were good and serviceable albeit with the smallest bathroom I have ever seen in a modern hotel. (Cats fearful of being swung do not have to fear mistreatment in the space available!)  A pleasant enough meal was had in the sports bar and the service from all staff was pleasant and courteous.  All in all the usual large city anonymous hotel that could be anywhere in the western world, but with the smallest bathrooms.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great staff but poor accomodation,"We were assigned a room that looked extremely outdated with a very old bathroom as well. Carpets were stained in the corners and looked very worn. The swimming pool itself is a bit small and the changing rooms are too small as well. Also the lockers in the changing rooms do not work properly.  However staff at this hotel are amazing! Thumbs up for Javier for a smooth and professional check-in and also a great language knowledge! Staff at breakfast were great, always helpful and smiling! And the breakfast itself was amazing and had basically everything for every taste.  The restaurant is excellent and they have some excellent quality napolitan pizzas! And comparing from what you would pay in a regular restaurant around the city, it is not expensive at all.  To sum up, in areas…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bad experience,We were in the West wing. Carpet was filthy and temperature in room could not be controlled. Either too hot or too cold. Check-in at three but our room was not ready until 5pm.  After traveling from the USA we were exhausted without any concern of the staff to compensate us for the abnormally long wait. The hotel was crowded and noisy with unruly children running without parental control. I do not recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay here again,On arrival our room was not ready and we had to wait two hours.  The size of the room was okay but the carpet stained.   The toilet would not flush properly.  It was reported and two members of staff came and looked at it.  Nothing was done during the duration of our stay to improve this and it was embarrassing.  The windows would not open so the air con had to be kept on.           The restaurant was more like a canteen.  There were no cups and saucers just thick white mugs.  Not enough tea plates which resulted in us having to put our toast into bowls.  The main problem with this hotel is that it caters for far too many people and there are not enough staff to accommodate.,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Housekeeping and room availability unacceptable,We reserved 2 rooms but only one was ready. This was after 3 PM. Room unavailable was triple. We checked in the one room and returned at 6 PM and still had to wait for housekeeping. Received no compensation for wait. Otherwise hotel was fine with a good location.,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic First Anniversary Celebration,"My husband booked this hotel for our first wedding anniversary. It was a brilliant stay overall.    Due to a change in circumstance, we wanted to add a night's stay onto our booking, so we'd be coming a day earlier.  Not sure if this is the same with other hotels, but this simple task wasn't allowed to be done through their booking system.  We had to have a separate booking...dony get me wrong, this wasn't a problem and we were allowed to have the same room...but I just don't understand with modern technology how it can't be more simple.    We had an Executive room...which unfortunately wasn't ready when we arrived at 4pm. But they gave us free drinks at the bar whilst we waited 20 mins.    My husband had organised some prosecco, strawberries and flowers for me.  They were all…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,Have been staying at  this hotel several times this year. Offers a good quality breakfast with a good choice of items. Rooms facing Edgeware Road can be a bit noisy in the night as a very busy road. Staff is very friendly and helpful.,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dont stay at this hotel!!!!,"Between the staff, the rooms, the ac not working.  The rooms are very small, and tripped over the end of the bed while trying to answer wake up call.  No room key needed on elevator to guest room.  Safety an issue.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed,"Booked a room here just for 1 night as me and my girlfriend spent the day in London before heading to Leicester. From the outside going into the lobby looks very nice untill we got to the room, was okay nothing very special, the tv didnt seem to work and annoyingly there was some building work going on the side of the hotel and wish they had told us this before we booked the room as it was very noisy, my girlfriend and i were very annoyed. The name alone Hilton would normally be enough for an grand experince but sorry not this time, would either try another Hilton maybe on park lane but this experience felt like a rip off. Gutted!",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
2685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in prime location ,The hotel is good  and was very crowded during summer .the rooms little bit small but the family rooms was spacious and nice but off course more expensive  .the service is very slow due to full occupancy of hotel . Try to avoid  rooms on the street side because it is very noisy. ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nasty b&b,"After booking a family room with two double beds two months previous,I was contacted by the hotel a few days before to be told that my room would not be available and they was going to upgrade me to a suite,it was explained to me that they would still accommodate my requirements ie the two double beds.when we got to the hotel and went to our room I found that we only had one double bed...as there is myself and two teenage daughters this was not acceptable,I phoned down to reception and explained the situation as was told they would have to check out my story,a hour later I phoned again and was told a bed would be brought up to the room,when it turned up it was a fold away camp bed,now the time is getting on to 9 pm,I went down to reception and had to again explain,the lady…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible start to our Honeymoon...,"We figured staying at the Hilton was a pretty safe bet, how wrong we were. The first room we were booked into was dirty, the table was sticky, the sheets were stained the fridge didn't work, we asked if we could change rooms and they were quite helpful. They moved us to one of their ""deluxe"" rooms, which was half the size of the original room. Though what it lacked in space it made up for in its ""water feature"" although I'm not sure water dripping from your light fixtures in the ceiling would be considered a feature in a lot of countries but more of an electrical/safety hazard. We were then moved to a third room, which was supposed to be there executive suite or something to that effect. It was quite sub standard compared to most Hilton hotels. Tried to check out the following…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
2688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay ,We had a really great stay this weekend.   The hotel has recently undergone some refurbishments and these have greatly improved the already great experience such as the new grab and go store and the new rooftop Italian restaurant.    The staff are very helpful and attentive. The newly refurbished deluxe rooms are great spacious well designed and comfortable.  Dual USB and wall socket power on each side of the bed is a great touch.  The bed is very comfortable and the room is nice and dark. The hotel is nice and quiet.   As Diamond members we could use the lounge. The executive lounge has been refreshed since our last visit and there is a great range of snacks and drinks are available.  The pool facilities are spotless and very well maintained and make for a great relaxing stay. …,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton Stay by Far,"I am a Hilton Diamond Member that stays at Hiltons worldwide. This hotel was the worst one we ever stayed in. Here is why:  1- The hotel is HUGE and has 1000 rooms. It is understaffed for the amount of guests. So service was poor and slow. 2- The location of the hotel is on Edgware rd. The least desirable street in London (google it)... full of tourists from specific foreign countries who do not respect law or order. Loud, obnoxious guests filled the hotel. You will hear the loud noises and music from your room. You cannot enjoy a dinner or the lounge without them screaming, or their kids running around.  3- We had 2 connecting rooms. One room had a malfunctioning A/C. We complained twice to guest relations and the housekeeping manager. We were promised that it would get fixed.…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
2690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Subpar for the price,"Pros:  near the tube and train stations Cons:  We arrived at the hotel at 2. Checkin not available until 3, not a problem. Three o'clock arrived, and our room wasn't available. For the next two and a half hours we were repeatedly assured it would be just a few minutes more until it would be ready. My parents had arrived at 10:30 and didn't get their room until 4:30.  Our room was in the tower, and it had stained carpets. The bathroom paint was peeling. We stayed four nights, and three of the nights our air didn't work. It stayed a bit over 24 degrees Celsius. The second night we were told they'd send someone to attend to it; no one showed. The third night at 10:30, a tech guy came and vacuumed the air filter. He said it was filthy, and he gave us a fan. Desk calls us at 11 pm to…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
2691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent business hotel with interesting views from the high floors. ,"Great service and clean rooms with decent facilities. The food was not bad, I wasn't expecting the very best because this isn't a five star hotel but it is pretty damn good and I'd go back if I needed to stay in the capital and be centrally located. ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms smells and need refurbishment ,"We were given 2 rooms on lower floors and right next to the lifts. It was noisy and we could hear the elevators moving up and down. The toilets were moldy, the rooms were smelly. Curtains and floors were dirty. I had a hard time sleeping so I asked for a change the next day. We paid additions of £20/night for an upgraded and renovated room. It was modern and new. It's worth paying the difference to get a much bigger and cleaner rooms. Location was good. Breakfast was value for money. The staff were polite and friendly. ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,Hilton London Metropolitan is a fabulous hotel in London .Rooms are so nice and clean with full equipped for the gust needs.Reciption staff and all other staff are so kind and helpfully. I never meet any problems during my stay in the hotel.Breakfast is so good and different.Resturant staff are so kind and helpfull during breakfast time.Tea and coffee are avaliable in the room in plenty  amount.Room service is so fast and kind. I would like to thank all Hilton London  Metropolitan for their good services and there nice behaving. Thank you Hilton London Metropolitan Management. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very small rooms,We didn't like the rooms they are Very small with luggage it's hard to walk inside. The rooms feel old and a little dirty. Rooms have no view. Breakfast restaurant very crowded the wait line is about an hour and food looks disgusting after waiting an hour I just saw the food and went to a Starbucks ti get a panini.  Very bad location.,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good holiday,"We stayed beginning of first week of August with our little child for 7 nights. I wanted to stay at Hilton London with my other country experiences & at first was not too satisfied especially the Deluxe rooms. I approached Sergio the Guest Relationship Manager within couple of days and true to his responsibilities, he ensured that my concerns were immediately taken care for the rest of my stay. It is people like Sergio who are assets & bring guests back to Hilton.  The breakfast section was expected to be busy as per all old reviews but indeed it is a mess and hotel should do something about it due to the sheer number of people. The spread is good but will surely recommend to add more variety/change especially when guests stay for longer duration.  Room service is available but…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel at an Excellent location,"Very beautiful setup , excellent rooms , excellent staff . The location is the very best , variety of Arab restaurants which I am fond of were just a stones throw away. Edgware road where this hotel is located never sleeps. Very lively place and it had an excellent breakfast buffet. Would I recommend , yes a definitely YES . A sure to go back. Last but not the least , the people at the reception are great , very friendly with a smiling face all day long.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fab hotel in a convenient location,"This is a great hotel for those commuting around London by tube- Edgware Road station is virtually outside the hotel and has the benefit of being almost undisturbing to sleep and relaxation. We arrived at the hotel and were immeadiately given rooms- dispite being much earlier than the check in time. The staff at checkin and the concierge are extremely helpful and use their own knowledge and humour to improve your experience. The rooms were of a decent size and had all amenities and a decent bathroom which is on the smaller side. The hotel itself is modern and luxurious and the breakfasts very substantial with a good choice, go earlier in the morning to beat the rushes. Edgware Road hosts a few eateries mainly Lebanese and fast food. Ask concierge for tips! The bar at the hotel…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too many issues to be called a 4 star,Well the hotel is massive - unfortunately this lets them down. They do not have enough staff to cater for the hotel when it is fully booked. This then brings the service levels right down and all staff run around the hotel looking stressed and in a panic. I was told that they only have two porters so we would have to wait for assistance. TWO porters for a 4 star hotel with over 1000 rooms????? That is just ludicrous. The room was fine - very much like any other Hilton hotel. Room service was quick and the food was nice. That was the best bit. Keep away from the public area downstairs if the hotel is busy!!!,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in a good location for all places to visit in central London,"Stayed at the Hilton Metropole in May 16, a lovely lobby and fantastic staff.  Helpful, polite and excellent appearance.  We stayed for 2 nights in a family room, slightly small but suitable enough for a short stay.   Breakfast was lovely.  The location was perfect for us, around a 10 minute stroll down the bussling Edgware Road, straight to the marble arch and Oxford street.  Easily accessible for tour buses to view the rest if London.    Edgeware road utsekf has a diverse mix if restaurants - Lebanese, fried Chicken and Pizza.   A good outer city yet inner city location and lovely confortable surroundings offered by Hilton.  Would stay again.  ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Stay In London,"Really enjoyed my stay at this hotel! It was just perfect! The service is brillant, the location is great for sheesha and its super close to oxford circus!! The area is pretty safe and is buzzing till 2am!! The station and bus stops are close too!! The staff is friendly and the assistance is very very good!! Love the Vibe of the hotel!! Highly recommend this hotel!! ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Finally a Room with a View in London,"Stayed there three nights for business. I was happy about almost everything. The room size was decent (for London), I was in the Tower Wing meaning that I got a nice view from the window (pleasant change after many hotels with a view to a wall of the next building or to a yard with air conditioner machinery generating noise...). The breakfast was excellent, the service was good, the Wifi connection fast and always on. The only thing that I really did not like was the quality of mattress which was worn out and uncomfortable.  The neighbourhood is not nice but it is convenient because Paddington station is less than 10 minutes walk and Bakerloo tube station is just across the street..",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,First Class Upgrade to Public Areas Needs to be Extended to Bedrooms,I'd not stayed at the Metropole for four or five years and I was interested to see how the upgrade/refurbishment has been carried out. The good news is that the ground floor public areas are now first class and provide three separate seating areas with service of bar type food. Sadly my 'Executive' room (for which I paid a supplement) was not up to the same standard and was small and cramped. Without wishing to be unkind I'd classify it as a 'Holiday Inn 1975 room' with a flat screen tv. Reception was first class with multiple check in points (all staffed) and separate check in for HH members.,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not at Hilton Standard at all,"We booked online and are at hotel as I write, upon request to have room fridges filled get told that for tower rooms that is not possible. After told sorted out, get to room and still empty. Random charges additionally with ""card not present!""",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
2704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant room not happy about staff,I stayed at this hotel when it was gay pride in London. Part of my pride was to go on a night out in DRAG. I left my room in drag and walking through the lobby the staff that was on duty looked at me in disgust which made me feel uncomfortable. The room was fantastic but i would highly suggest staying at a different hotel if you want a LGBTQ FRIENDLY HOTEL. overall very disappointed with the staff attitude to people from different walks of life.,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a Happy Hilton Member,"for 5 days they had my name incorrect and every day I went to the front desk to change it... never happened.  they missed an early wake up call   luckly I set my own alarm.  we were to have a box breakfast arranged and this did not happen.  my room was freezing and my husbands room was tepid at best.  service department never corrected this.   the Concierge staff was magnificent, the front desk agent Denis was also a great help.   the service manager needs to learn how to hear what you are saying and not just smile and nod his head.  Beds were like rocks..",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Helpful! ,"I have stayed at this hotel for many years now and the employees are always so helpful. One in particular,  Krishna Muhem.   Kris has helped me out on more than one occasion and I have seen him interact with many guests during my stays at this hotel.  He always keeps a calm head and has a great sense of humor! The Hilton Metropole should be very glad to have him!",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
2707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great as always,"This hotel is so convenient as its so central & the tube st is right outside the hotel -  We had a Fab stay in a  lovely room - the staff were super friendly &  helpful - we had a great dinner in flamme restaurant on one night , they knew it was my brothers birthday & they brought out an assist the of desserts with his name on which was a really nice touch ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed.,"Our room were not ready upon arrival at 2.30pm. We were then told that we will get a room if we can come back in 30 minutes time. The room that was alocated for us was still not ready when we came back 30 minutes later and the time was already 3.15pm. We could have got another room on the 2nd floor if we wanted but we prefered a room on a higher floor. On our way to the bagage room to lock our bagages 8sp that we can go out for a walk in order to wait a littel longer for our room) we were greeted very suddently by a very friendly man asking us if everything was alright. We found out later that this very friendly man was the Director of Operations in the hotel, Mr. Omar Lang. We told him what happened and he told us to give him 5 minutes. Mr Omar Lang returned to us 3 minutes…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,5star hotel with nice location and good services,"I usually visit London 2 timed every year.When i decide to visit London, I book in London Hilton Metrople. It is very nice hotel, nice location, nice rooms, nice staff and nice food. Internet is free for members in hilton honer. I recommend this hotel for Arab because lots of Arab resturants and coffee shop are available near the hotel. Thank you London Hilton Metrople mamagment for you good mang of the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
2710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"got a great rate on priceline, so can't complain that much","the lobby of this hotel is pretty hip and updated, the rooms are not. we got a screaming deal through priceline and for what we paid we were quite happy. but don't expect much from the rooms, they are pretty tiny (which isn't a surprise in Europe), and they could definitely use some updating - or just some fresh paint and caulk.   location-wise, this is a great base of operations. it's barely a 5 minute walk to the Tube and the Heathrow Express goes to/from Paddington Station which is one Tube stop, or a short walk from the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very tired decor, insufficient air-conditioning, awful mattresses","I hate to leave a bad review, but this hotel was really a disappointment on so many levels. We were given a room on the top (13th) floor of one tower which was very hot on check-in. We were told it was because the AC had been off but it would cool promptly. After we were out for a few hours and returned to an even hotter room, we were told that engineering would ""fix"" it right away, while we went out to dinner. After dinner the room was hotter again. After 3 calls (escalating through managers - and after I threatened to not pay for that night) I was first told that there were no other rooms, and then the 3d manager 'found' a 'perfect room' six floors lower in the same tower. The room was slightly cooler, but honestly barely acceptable. We learned from the exhausted bell-person…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dull,"We wanted a room for 3 at very short notice with our daughter and hoped this would tick the boxes. Despite all my questions to the Hilton reservations person we were misled.  The room was not an upgraded room as promised, the beds were hard as were the pillows. The hotel parking is not £25 per weekend period of Friday night to Sunday night but per 24 hours - again something I was completely misled about. Breakfast was awful, cold coffee and tea, rock hard croissants and all served in a hall like a holiday camp. Annoying also that I had to join the Hilton Honors Club to get a 'special price' which involved being passed across to a hard sales person in the States who tried to get me to go to on a 'cheap' holiday which meant going to a 'time share ' presentation. When I politely…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel with lousy location and service,"I am sorry to say but we had to book this only available hotel in emergency after being duped by airbnb listed client and found this to be in a very uncomfortable location. The rooms were small and old with messy and smelling carpets. The shower was useless with trickle of water. Had to wait a long time for house keeping and baggage services. At the time of check out when told about the issues and probable extension if the room and services were better, were offered better rooms in renovated wing. Why they did not offer the same in the first place? Expensive for the kind of service and rooms offered as we had three rooms",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Base for business in London,"Stayed here on numerous occasions and I am never disappointed by the quality of the hotel. Access to edgewater road tube is just a couple of minutes walk. The hotel bar and retaurants are really good. The staff always friendly, helpful and informative. A great Base for a business trip to London if high quality, clean and comfortable rooms are important to you. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't trust the concierge/doorman,"I was leaving the hotel to go to the airport when the doorman said if I book through the hotel it will be cheaper than getting a Taxi directly.  I was told that it would be a flat rate of 65 and I knew getting a Taxi directly would be more than that.  So I wait about 10 minutes for this special taxi and then go to the airport.  The taxi driver then bills me more than 78 pounds.  When I confront him and say that the hotel said it would be 65 he said no.  He said the hotel did book it for me, but they don't do a flat rate.  He then also took off without giving me a receipt.  I then called the hotel, they remembered me and said they would take care of it and also make sure I got a receipt showing the right amount.  Well just saw my credit card amount show up and nothing was fixed. …",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel - Little Pricey,"Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights on a business trip.   The check-in took some time as the front desk was crowded but the process itself was fairly smooth; the staff was nice and courteous. I booked an executive room with lounge access.    Rooms are clean but furnishing was a little old. Washrooms are congested because they try to fit a lot in limited space. They should get rid of either bath tub or shower cabin to fix it. Also, they should think about adding bidet shower in wash rooms  Internet connectivity system was good but speed was not as good. I had a problem with the minibar which was not working so the hotel send a small refrigerator to store perishables & medicines   Breakfast was served buffet style offering a verity to choose from. you can also request for a fresh…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok,"This hotel is ok - things that are brilliant and things not so great!  The location is a real plus. A short walk to 2 tube stations and a 5/10 minute walk to Paddington station. It has an M&S next door, a couple of supermarkets and bars/restaurants. The rooms although clean smelt smokey when we walked in and the decor looked dated our room was also noisy as it was on the main road and it's next to a hospital, so lots sirens. All that said the room service was pricey but efficient and breakfast was brilliant - a varied buffet with an omelette person making to order, all really tasty! The staff were really helpful and lovely to our daughter and the swimming pool although cold was a real bonus! Overall I think the good outweighs the bad and I would stay again.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Conrad would roll over!,"My goodness how Hilton has sunk! This hotel is old and dirty. You pay extra for almost everything beside yes admittedly clean linen. The breakfast is worse than the worst fast-food chains. And th y take $60 per day extra 'deposit even if you're fully paid room- just in case you spend more. Not likely I can assure them! My goodness there must be better hotels in London, surely. Find one and don't book this one.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst customer service ever from a Hilton,"I write this after trying unsuccessfully to get satisfaction from the Metropole. Upon checkout and after having to ask for I was able to get a 25% reduction in my bill but feel that I should have received credit for an entire night. Even with all that I describe below this adjustment should have been offered up front immediately rather than my having to ask for it. We checked to the Metropole late on Tuesday July 19,2016. The room seemed to have no air conditioning at all. As we had just checked in we assumed it was because the AC had not been on at all and would cool off. It did not. It felt as if it were at least 100 degrees Fahrenheit. On the morning after our ridiculously warm evening in the first room, I asked that the situation be addressed while we were out. This was at…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent,This is my forth visit with my family in the hotel and as my every visit to this hotel we had a great time there. We look forward to visit the hotel again. Thanks to all staff members and specialty thanks to miss joliya is a lovely worker.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,First it have to be mentioned great location. Also it have to be mentioned that we had an amazing kick off conference and a very great party. Only downside was really the coffee upon arrival where there was not really any food etc.  Rooms very average - a bit outdated some of them. And very expensive drinks at the bar.  Anyway I'll recommend the hotel. ,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Hotel with Upgraded Rooms,They are slowly upgrading the hotel and the new rooms are very nice. The hotel is always busy and pretty cosmopolitan with people from all over the world. The bars and restaurants are excellent and the new lobby is very well designed. Nice air conditioning and pleasant rooms.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large clean room,"The Metropole has a very good location. Close to Paddington station so easy to get to Oxford or Windsor as an example. Close to 2 underground stops nearby and around 10 pounds by taxi from the Hard Rock or Regents Park which is cheaper then by underground if more then 2 of you without a day pass. It is close to walking for sites if you choose too, but I would buy a full day underground pass because London has so much to see plus you'll be tired at the end of the day. It is a big place and we were on the west side. Very large clean room. Big beds that were comfortable. We also had a single bed added and I slept on that. It was very comfortable. My son is very tall so I gave each of the teenagers a queen. Plenty of room. Great breakfast. Hugh choices and fresh. Get the omelet.…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too busy and expensive for a weekend night,"We met up with friends to go to an anniversary party at the house of friends living in London.  As both couples were arriving at Marylebone Station, we decided on the Metropole because it was reasonably near.  It was expensive and very busy but to be fair we did not have a long time there. On reflection we should have found somewhere cheaper but we expected something a bit more luxurious. The rooms were not ready when we arrived so we bought drinks and sat in the foyer. That was an expensive exercise. By check in time one of the rooms was still not ready so we were allocated an alternative room on the 18th floor.  This area had been refurbished and the room was very nice with good views looking south.  Our friends were accommodated on the 6th floor and their room was awful.  It…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Okay hotel, good location but dreary",This hotel was set in a quiet location not far from the station. It was close to Paddington station which made it ideal if you're taking the Heathrow express train.  The foyer and the bar of the hotel were nice and modern however the actual rooms were small and felt a bit dated and dreary. The rooms and especially the bathroom could certainly benefit from an update.  Overall it wasn't a great hotel but it got the job done on the bare minimum.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Cleaan,Neat clean hotel close to attractions. Friendly staff.  Conicierge service very helpful. Internet was fast and reliable in guest room and the lobby. Would definitily recommend.  Close to attractions of central london,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice place in a good price!,"It was a typical business trip. I stayed for one night at Hilton. What I did not like is the que at the reception. This is not good as if for this 5 star hotel. I like the swimming pool though and opening hours. There was enough time to relax after a tough day. Very comfortable beds. Pillows made of goose feathers I love it ! I had a really good nigh sleep, the was well airconditioned.  Very nice restaurant for lunch and dinner. Very good location close to paddington.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole..location perfect for families with kids!,Stay here if you have families with kids.location very good.lot of restaurants pharmacy grocery and an underground metro line a minute walk away.bigger families can use the Family Superior Room as it's very spacious. Other rooms are small.No ventilation and damp smell in carpets in some rooms.Breakfast is good.overall a pleasant stay!!,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great stay, location ","Stayed here for two nights for a weekend break. Saw lots of bad reviews before staying here but was pleasantly surprised, we was lucky enough to be put in one of the refurbished rooms which was nice, quite small and not one of the best Hilton rooms I have stayed in, but was fine for resting your head at night and good view over London! Really friendly young man on reception at check in but didn't catch his name. Great location for exploring London too! ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Stuffy, dark, uninviting and completely overpriced","Stayed at Hilton London Metropole for a conference and was completely shocked by the state of the accommodation (dark, completely outdated, smelly...) and the conference facilities. Add a price fo 210 GBP per night and you feel completely ripped off. Moved to a smaller boutique hotel around the corner that cost almost half the price and was absolutely lovely!",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, friendly staff",Excellent hotel within walking distance of many places to eat and see.  Hotel has all the amenities you would need while traveling and even had USB ports for our electronics.  Clean and spacious.  The dining area was wonderful and the food was great.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hotel Ever! My laptop was stolen!!,"I stayed with my wife in London Hilton Metropole from 12-18 July and again from 20-23 July 2016. We went to the room and was waiting for the luggage for more than 15 mins and had to make 2 calls to get the luggage. When we checked the minibar, there was no power. We reported and nothing was done. The room was ""cleaned"" but one day the bin was not emptied. And the carpet was never properly cleaned. The worst thing happened on 15th July 2016.    My wife and I left the hotel around 8.15 in the morning and came back around 3.40pm and i found my macbook air missing. It had been left on the desk since we checked in. We both checked every where twice before reporting to the hotel. A security guy by the name of Albert came and asked few questions and searched all the bags with me. He…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A little lifeless for me. Painful registration and my upgrade to a better room did not appear to be that much better.,The first thing that annoyed was the fact that there are two entrances but the one you THINK is going to have reception isn't and I had to walk the length of the hotel to sign in and this took an absolute age. i ate out as I found the prices to be slightly on the high side and when you are on limited expenses this doesn't help. The open bar area was quite good and the sports bar also had a little atmosphere. Apparently I was upgraded to a better room because it was my first time at a Hilton....however the room turned out to be no different from a standard room at my usual Holiday Inn. I will probably stay again but that is only because of the close proximity to my customer.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent choice for us,"I was visiting London for a five days with my children (aged 11 and 15) early July. I usually prefer to stay closer to the center locations of London, but a room for 3 persons is not so easily available in many hotels and with reasonable price. Paddington station area is my next location choice as the Heathrow Express is very conveniently accessible. Otherwise the area is not the nicest in London, thus the one star minus in the review.  Apart the location, Hilton Metropole delivered what it promised. The room was modern European standard and could easily accommodate the three of us. The lobby and restaurant areas were very nice and service was very smooth. The breakfast was excellent and although the mornings were very busy, we got our table quickly and the buffet queues were…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel ,"Upon arrival we were greeted by a friendly your porter who spoke about 6 languages, he was so helpful and this followed through with all other staff, everyone was willing and so helpful! The rooms were clean and comfortable, big east room I've ever had staying in London hotels! The view was stunning. And the ceiling to floor window was really something else! Food was good, and little details like playing cartoon for your children over breakfast, eliminated the screaming kids element! Really well thought through.   Overall a brilliant hotel with stunning views and pretty cool architecture! Would reccomend🙌🏽",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Theatre break,"Great hotel, very big and very busy. Our room was not ready when we arrived at 1pm but the hotel stored our bags so we were able to go out. Arrived back at the hotel at 10pm and our bags were brought to us by concierge while we waited for our room key. First class service from Daniel on reception. We had a triple room that was clean and spacious, although the bathroom was tiny. Great breakfast but was very busy were seated and served almost straight away. I would definitely return to this hotel again and recommend to friends and family.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One word - TIRED,First let me say the location is great and staff are fabulous. The hotel itself is tired and in sore need of a refresh. I understand it is a the largest hotel in London with 1000 rooms so maybe it caters more to the convention types.  The rooms were clean and large but the furniture is peeling and beat up. We upgraded to the signature level and it was better but we had a lovely Ikea style bed that creaked. So if you are interested in location then it works.,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great staff and great location for accessing the Tube,Perfect for accessing the Tube system to get around. Far enough from the big sites that it is only a short walk to a quiet neighborhood with lots of fabulous pubs. Only drawback is rooms are very small. Staff was incredibly helpful and polite!!,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,big conference hotel; intercultural neighborhood,"an easy walk from Paddington. A typical convention hotel. Lobby is always crowded. The neighborhood is great if you like lots of different cultures. Go ten blocks up and it is traditional flats in a wealthy and nice neighborhood (St John Wood). Go ten block down and you approach Marble Arch and the beginning of Mayfair. But this hotel is located right in the center of mostly middle eastern foods, stores, etc. We loved it but friends found it challenging. I would certainly ask for high floor since Edgeware is quite loud with traffic",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This Hotel Should Be Given 0 Stars,"I reserved two rooms over a month ago with Hilton London Metropole.  I was charged in advance for the rooms.  When I arrived early for check in I was told one room was ready but the other was not but to check in later and it would be ready.  After sight seeing all day I returned and was told the room was ready but was offered an upgrade for no charge as they had many rooms available and wanted to give us this gift.  We accepted and when we arrived at the room the air conditioner was not working!  We called and were told that it may be a software issue.  Anyway, long story short I asked to be placed in another room and was told by the Supervisor Julia that they were fully booked and she would give me a fan and give me 20% off the room. SERIOUSLY!  They were still going to charge…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel at a Great Location,"I like London because it is a great walkable city. Though I often try to vary hotels when I'm visiting London, The Hilton London Metropole is one hotel to which I often return to. 2 short tube stops from Paddington station, the hotel is located in an area surrounded by restaurants, shops and tourist attractions. Just a quick 10 mins walk from Piccadilly Circus, and obviously a mere 20 mins from Green Park and Buckingham Palace.  The hotel is somewhat busy. While the restaurant serves up some delicious meals throughout the day, the executive lounge is a nice retreat where one can enjoy a lite meal. Though the lobby is often busy, the rooms are nicely quiet and offer a spectacular view of the surroundings.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Break,I have stayed here several times now when having a break in London. It's location is ideal to get to the west end and shopping etc. The hotel has everything you really need breakfast being good wide variety. It's a little impersonal but that is to be expected from a large hotel. Suited my needs seeing a show and dinner in West End as tube is close ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Yep, good job and does what it says on the tin!","One night stay on business on 20th July so this review is for business travellers rather than leisure or couples. Check-in was slick with plenty of staff on, no waiting and the welcome was courteous and professional. Plenty of lifts, quickly up to room and good size for London with working air conditioning which was a godsend given it was over 30 degrees Celsius outside. Working iron and sturdy ironing board, plenty of charging sockets, good wardrobe space, good desk space and decent tea and coffee making facilities - in other words all that you would expect and need from this hotel. Good nights sleep with a comfortable bed, good pillows and a nice temperature. Location was fine for me, near Edgeware Road and also only a 10 minute walk from Marylebone which is the station I was…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"Arrived at 9AM after flying from the US expecting to have to check our luggage and kill time until check in time. Surprisingly they had a nice room available and we were able to get to our room and clean up before heading out for the day.Room was big enough, nice bath (although larger containers of soap would be nice), etc. Very good breakfast with good coffee service and made to order omelets. Half block to the tube station, only blocks from some parks. If returning to London would consider staying nearer the river and attractions but would if that wasn't the goal would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel.,The Reception staff are the worst in London. I hope they will be better in future. Every things in this hotel so nice except the front desk staff.  Location near central and heart of London.  Breakfast good as well. ,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, but there are some disadvantages","This is a pretty nice hotel, room was small which was actually pretty nice, but with not many soaps, but nice and clean, with fast wifi. However, it is not very close to attractions like Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, London Eye, etc. Now moving onto the staff, some of the staff are very nice, helpful, and friendly, especially  Sergio. However some are very rude/ ignorant. The concierge desk is far from helpful. Every Time except for once that we visited the desk, they were rude and/or gave us wrong information. On a day where it was raining, we went to the desk ( we were a group of 5) asked for 2 umbrellas. The man pretty much screamed at us ( including my 11 year old cousin) saying that there were only 2 umbrellas left and that he would only give us 1. Once we convinced him to…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Top Show and mucky knickers,"Stayed for 2 nights with friends, (they had a worse time than we did). Given a King room, 804, pokey, dark, paint peeling on the wall and door frame, wallpaper lifting at the edges. Window opened onto a grey stone wall and glass, no view, carpets were not clean, hardly 2 star never mind the 4 it boasted. Got an upgrade to King deluxe for an extra £20 per night, brighter and with a view. Had to ask for extra coffee, sweetener and milk, only one serving per day. Paid extra (£17.50p per person for breakfast), which was nearly cold, fried eggs were like bullets, loads of chiefs with earphones, not many actually working. Small table became full of empty plates and had to ask for them to be cleared. Coffee was abysmal. Drinks in lounge £17 for a gin and tonic and a white wine spritzer…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,be careful of reservation errors with Travelocity & Hilton!,"I booked a room through Travelocity for this Hilton in London for 2 adults and 2 children. However, an error occurred as the reservation was forwarded through Booking.com from Travelocity: the 2 children disappeared. Since the reservation form clearly showed 2 children and the room I selected was described as family-friendly for the appropriate number of people, I did not check the confirmation email in detail. It only had the 2 adults, and the room selection turned out to be inadequate for 4 people. This came out as I registered at the Hilton. As it turns out, this glitch in the reservation system is well-known to the Hilton staff whose only solution to the problem is to upgrade to another room type for an additional 70 GBP per night!  I am sure that they are making a nice…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,The hotel had a great location just meters from the tube and the bus line. Great staff and service. Due to a misunderstanding and a long check in time we were offered free breakfast everyday. This was greatly appreciated. Had a good stay here for my time in London. Would recommend staying here. ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good only let down was room not ready at 9 PM for check in,Stayed second time in Hilton Metropole London after feeling nice during the first time in June 2016. Last time was official and this time came in to London for a small holiday with family. The best part was the cleanliness in the rooms which was miles ahead of other hotels. The not so good factor was that the rooms were not ready for check in even at 9 PM and this was unexpected. The executive lounge was good and would be nicer if you had more vegetarian options. The same thing with breakfast menu not doing justice to vegetarian guest. All other way Hilton Metropole is a hotel where I will stay again.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London metropole is the best hotel in London,"From the welcome to the check out the service was very good, how ever we stayd a second night in London at the Hilton padington, and this hotel is miles different from the metropole the welcome was really bad to expensive for what it it and we felt really unwelcome.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Welcoming Hotel,"Have often stayed in the Metropole over the years, and always enjoy the experience. This time Robert in the Executive Lounge was very helpful. The hotel can be busy but there are helpful 'traffic light' posters around the hotel advising on the best time to have a relaxed breakfast.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Week long business stay,"Attended a large company event here. Stayed on the 3rd floor and was able to try out the Hilton Honors Lounge. For the most part the Lounge was fine, but they often ran out of food in the afternoon so if you got there late afternoon there wasn't much around in the way of food. It was nice to be able to store your bags there while you are waiting for the room.  Room was OK in terms of size, but the king bed was very uncomfortable - especially for a week's stay.  I found the staff to be OK - the concierge desk was helpful when trying to get a taxi to the train station.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Excellent quality, location, staff were awesome all in all a great hotel at a great price and would stay here everytime I visit. The bar area is great and gets lively on an evening. Rooms were spacious and comfortable. Perfect stay.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family room but hotel is just too big ,"We used this hotel because unusually for both Hilton and London it has rooms for five - perfect for our family.  Or so we thought!   Good: On site parking (but v expensive) Access to underground  Clean room   Poor: Long queue at check in  Breakfast was a free for all - overcrowded - messy tables - poor waiting service for coffee/tea - guests pushing each other at the line for food The 'sports bar' was a soulless place and the cocktails we ordered were of poor quality / strength   General:  The hotel is not in a great part of town. We wandered out locally looking for a restaurant and saw lots of homeless people begging on the pavements. It didn't feel safe at night.    In future, I'd rather pay for 2 rooms at a smaller property than a large family room in this vast, enormous…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"I stayed here for one night with a partner and it was perfect for what we wanted - reputable hotel in Central London.  We were lucky to get one of the rooms that had just been refurbished so it was all brand new. The hotel is huge which was great because they had a very spacious bar where you can relax.  I have to mention a guy called Daniel, a Russian, who works at the front desk. He was extremely helpful and went above and beyond fulfilling our needs. It's tough to find nice hotel staff as most of them are too busy to help you but he was very attentive.  You can get a good deal if you book early enough and if you do then I'd definitely recommend it.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My stay,I really had an excellent experience during my stay at this hotel. The hotel staff treated me and my family excellently well and the rooms were kept clean and tidy. The morning breakfast was excellent too.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Simply remarkable experience,When I got there the booking agent had messed up my booking and I was really stressed out after a 6 hour flight from Dubai.  Irrespective of the botch up and my exhaustion the hotel staff especially Anna Kotek at the front desk made sure that I was satisfied by giving the best professional service one could get. I work in the hospitality industry and the hotel is remarkable as the location is excellent and it caters to suit any kind of traveller.  It was amazing as on main Edgeware road where every bit of space counts this hotel hosted a global event for Deloitte and they dis a brilliant job!  The hotel has a lot of traffic as it has so many options within it to suit all needs - th best quality that this hotel has is its human resource who go out of their way to make sure that…,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth 200 GBP a night. Terrible service and terrible quality. Do not stay here.,"Arrived after a 12 hour flight on a sunday evening. Was told my king room wasn't ready. Not sure how my room wasn't ready when it was so late, but I didn't really have the energy to argue at this point despite my demeanour showing my displeasure. The receptionist (Wasim I think was his name) tried to placate me by leaning across the desk and patting me on the shoulder. Not sure where in their training it say you should touch the customers but needless to say I was even more annoyed at this point.   They offered to ""upgrade"" me to a superior room since mine wasn't ready, however t was 2 singles, at this point I didn't care, so accepted. Even after all this, they don't even have complimentary wifi. Ridiculous at the price of the room. If you were to buy the wifi it would cost £15!…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful hotel, very friendly and helpful employees ","I checked into this hotel twice during a week long trip to the UK, once after a long international flight, and then later in the week, after an overnight train. Both times, we reached the hotel at 7:00am and were pleasantly surprised to have our room ready for us. The person checking us in was very friendly, and set the tone for the rest of our stay. Breakfast was included and all the servers there were very nice too. The breakfast itself was good as well, and usually lasted us long enough to have a late lunch.   We had the two double bed family room. Both times, I used the online check in, and was able to pick the exact room. Rooms were spacious and clean.   We had drinks in the sports bar - had a wonderfully spicy margarita - real spicy, by delicious !!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,DONT  drink Prosecco in room,"When we arrived in room there was a bottle of prosecco in ice, no notice to say it was not complimentary (which a lot of hotels give), when we booked out after spending three nights there we were charged the extortionate price of  £36 for this, in Marks and Spencer across the road the same bottle was £6. DONT BE CAUGHT OUT WITH THIS RIP OFF.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel let down by a handful of staff,"This was a group business meeting over 2 days including one overnight stay.  Overall the service from the business liaison, reception and other ground floor staff was excellent.  However, an evening drink in the 23rd floor bar was a different experience. After we were seated as a group of 6, we were ignored by waiting staff for sufficiently long that we gave up and went to the ground floor bar.  Admittedly these were London prices, but I could have bought a bottle of single malt for the price of two large whiskies.  Wifi is free for Hilton Honours guests and business residents.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Splendor in the heart of the City,"Excellent hotel great location, a short walk to Marble Arch and Oxford Street, Other attractions are also close to hand. £10 taxi ride to the city at peak times. Why compromise on Quality? Parking is provided at £35 for a 24 hour period, parking incorporated into hotel complex so no getting wet between hotel and parking.  Staff are all extremely welcoming, 23rd floor restaurant provides a grand view of London. This hotel comes high recommended and will be No.1 on my London list.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A different London only five minutes from Oxford street,"The Metropole is crowded but well managed. Must be difficult to run such level of activity, but they do it. Compliments to the concierges a nice group of Spaniards that really now their show. Rooms are wide and clean and in the west tower are modern. Don't do breakfast between 9 and 10 30 or expect long lines, be early. The neighborhood is a piece of the middle east. Best Arab food in London, and you find great spots opened till very late. A lot of Arab bakeries and chocolatiers as well. A special word for Maroush , a great recommendation by the concierge, what a place! Worth the visit, Lebanese food at the top.  ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location ,"This hotel has the potential to be outstanding, but a little more work is needed. Guest rooms are renovated on top 5 floors.  Breakfast is outstanding, they need to tighten up the service levels.  Will try it again in a yr.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Three night stay,"Spent 3 nights here with Canadian family to see the sights of London. The hotel is very big and caters for both the tourist and business community. It is very close to 2 underground stations. The room we were in has recently been renovated and very nice, lovely bathroom and the room was very quiet despite the number of rooms in the hotel. the staff were first class , pointing out places to visit. Would definitely stay here again when visiting London. They have a small car park underneath the hotel. and we were lucky enough to be able to get in( despite having a hired Vito which is quite a tall 9 seater).  As this is a business hotel too the breakfast was very busy however there was no waiting ( apart from if you wanted eggs which were freshly prepared for you) On the Saturday…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good place to stay in London next to tube station,"Chose to stay in this hotel coz of its proximity to tube station Edgware tube station which is barely minutes away. It's close to a market and ten minutes walk from Hyde Park and Oxford Street. If you are here for tourist purposes, Hilton is a pick up point for many bus tours so it's convenient. Rooms are small and okay, breakfast is great-lots of choices available. Good place to stay if you don't have to spend too much of time in the hotel.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable beds after long flight,"Began a family trip to London here, staying 3 nights.  A trip to visit family and friends and to shop, rather than sight-see.  All 5 of us (mum, dad, kids 18, 15 & 12) in one room in 2 queen beds and a decent sofabed.  Room a bit dated and shower (over bath with curtain) needed some attention which we advised at checkout.  Otherwise, worked well.  No view to speak of, but beds comfortable.  Enough sockets to charge our multiple devices.   Buffet breakfast very busy but didn't need to wait for table.  Absolutely huge range, including an omelette station, and friendly staff.  Hotel also has a small convenience store selling light food and Starbucks coffee (which I don't drink).  Costa and other coffee shops within a few mins walk. Location important to us.  Approx 35 mins by cab…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly good,"Was not expecting much from this gigantic impersonal hotel but was very pleasantly surprised. Staff are polite, friendly and efficient. We had a room on 9th floor which was large, modern and very well appointed. We had free cookies delivered and found the executive lounge to be good with delicious afternoon tea and drinks and canapés plus a good continental breakfast. Because of its size the hotel does  feel a bit like an airport lounge but for a hassle free stay well worth considering.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel in Great Location,"Good  Hotel in Great Location. Right across from Edgeware Road Tube station which was really convenient and also has a lift.. You can come out of Hotel, turn right and walk down Edgeware Road with all the middle eastern shops, n restaurants which is amazing in itself. Great falafels n hummus at Beirut Cafe, n plenty places for good shwarma kebabs. If you keep in walking for about 15 mins you will reach Marble Arch and be on Oxford Street. Turn left onto Oxford Street for your shopping. There's a huge Primark as you enter Oxford Street.  We had Queen room in West Wing with 2 double beds  which was a pretty big room. Air conditioning but windows cannot be opened at all. Free wifi, ironing board n iron, hairdryer, kettle n tea/coffee facilities, small safe in room. Rooms on one …",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too big and busy for me.,"I normally stay at Marriott's as the atmosphere is better, not hassled and of course the lounge. The Hilton gives nothing for the average member, plus in this case, it's too large a building (23 floors) and in a busy area that I can't get away from the hassle I have to contend during the day. Rooms seem to be styled on 70's beige decor. I stayed in room 1104 overlooking wonderful views of ""a wall"" and the bathroom has broken or water scaled facilities. A good dose of viakal, a ken dodd tickling stick, laurence llewelyn bowen and a plumbers mate are required (check the pictures)  There are good points, like; a comfortable bed and the food (though limited in room menu).",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Changing with the times,"This is one of Europe's busiest hotel and I was a diamond member with Hilton for a long time. I am now retired but still go to this hotel once a month. The refurbishment project is nearly done and it looks fabulous. Trendy, ideal location and from management to front desk they are there to help. Everything was perfect, air conditioning unit was a little loud and if I stayed there longer on last visit I would have moved to another room. I fly in from USA and Asia and if they can get me in early, they try their best. Really nice people to help you. What I don't like is some of the reviews, they are very vicious and in no way represent this hotel. Will be staying again August 3rd for three nights and as always look forward to a nice stay",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel to stay at in good location,"As I was attending the hyde park BST festival this was a great location. Short walking distance, close proximity to the tube and plenty of food and shopping outlets.  The hotel was clean and friendly although a little busy during check in and breakfast.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stayed here for 6 nights and would strongly recommend others,Stayed here with my family and friends and found it conveniently located to travel Central London. Loved the hospitality and was extremely satisfied with the choice I made. Would not say that I would stay their again as next time I would like to be walking distant to Oxford Street. But nothing against this hotel. Cheers !,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton as usual,This is not my first time at the Hilton Metropole but I always appreciate the really good customer service provided. The rooms in the Tower were renovated and that's really refreshing.  The mobile check in is quite nice.  Keep  innovating!,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sort out your service!,"Not bad but always mess something up service wise!!! Listen to your guests and keep them happy, usually meals messed up, overcharged on bill, then argue about everything on the phone instead of helping",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Stay,"We stayed at the Hilton from June 20th-22nd in a Superior Family room. It had 2 Queen size beds and a full size sofa bed. We are a family of 4 (2 adults and 2 teenage boys), but even 5 people would be comfortable in this type room. We were in the Tower and while the room was not renovated it was still very nice, clean and large. The location is walking distance to Hyde Park, Paddington Station and Oxford Street. There are also 2 subway stations within a couple of minutes walk to the hotel as well a Marks and Spenser right across street. This hotel checked all the boxes for us and we would definitely stay here again on our next trip to London.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Globus Europe Tour,"Stayed here in end Feb and end March for extra nights before, during and after my 4 week tour of Europe with Globus. My husband and I flew business class from AUSTRALIA and thank God! We arrived at night, the concierge ,Door mans professional greeting and service was wonderful a arrival to this hotel, as was the bar and lobby. But that was the end of it when we got to our room. Two single beds that were squeezed  into the smallest, oldest room! What a disappointment? It does have the Metro right outside and plenty off shops nearby. There are several restaurants and bars within the hotel. The Breakfast was GREAT best part about staying there.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
2779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good weekend at the Metropole,"We came from Vancouver for the weekend with our two grandsons age 7 and 5, We came to watch the Championship play off at Wembley, it was hard to find a hotel of reasonable price which had enough room for the 4 of us in one room, so after reading reviews on trip advisor as I always do I found the Metropole and it did not disappoint. The guy at check in was awesome, chatted to my grandsons about ice hockey as he was from Russia, he was super friendly. We had a nice double room I think it was it the west tower, It was a decent size, and very clean and comfortable. This hotel is huge but it doesn't really feel that big I think because it is made up of different towers. Lots of bars and restaurants, close to the Edgware road underground and very close to Paddington station which was…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice stay!,"We stayed at the Hilton London Metronome for two nights.  Things we liked about it were: 1. Very cosmopolitan hotel 2. Close to tube stations 3. Enjoyed dinner in the Italian restaurant  4. Great breakfasts - but... see below 5. Room had a nice view of London and was quiet 6. Room rate was quite good value including breakfast 7. Pool and health club looked nice 8. Comfy bed and room temperature was fine Things not so great: 1. Rooms in the Tower are tiny 2. The bathroom and room needed some TLC 3. Very crowded at breakfast  Overall a great experience, just don't spend too long in your room if you happen to be in the Tower.  Would stay again for sure but would upgrade the room next time.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location but don't hold breath waiting for drinks,We stayed at hotel last weekend to attend concert at Hyde Park Location next to tube station was excellent however check in was a nightmare  Following our evening out we returned to get drink around 11pm before we went to bed Service on Saturday night was disgraceful and after waiting over 15 minutes at bar we gave up and went to bed On Sunday night it was a little better and we eventually got served however we were unimpressed with service and won't bother returning here ,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cheaper (usually) than its sister up the road!,"This hotel is a half mile walk up from Paddington Station (where the Heathrow Express drops you in central London). Its ""sister"" is the Hilton Paddington which, as the name suggests, is right in Paddington Station (get a Paddington bear while you're there). You can walk it easily, provided you don't have too much luggage (I always travel as light as I can), or get a cab, but the taxi driver who's waited inline at the station will not thank you for a half mile fare, so flag one passing in Praed Street as you exit the station. The Hilton Metropole is a big, busy hotel.  Prices are usually 20-25% cheaper than the Hilton Paddington (HP).  This is my second choice when I'm in town, and I choose this when the HP jacks its prices beyond what I think is acceptable. There are two towers,…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,STEVIE WONDER CONCERT,"Stayed at this hotel Last weekend. Location  excellent  for Hydepark. On arriving check in was terrible  very slow one of our party shown to room so small could not get case by the bed they were then shown to new room. View from room on 20th floor excellent  we could see most of London. Went for a meal and on our return to the hotel  went into the Edg bar for a drink one person serving waiting bartender asked for help where the gentlemen  went straight  to a lady and served her without seeing who was first made him aware of  this  and said  sorry snd carried on, we decided to leave. Second attempt  at the bar on the next night same again terrible asked three times for a second  drinks order which never arrived gave up. Needs staff training.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Room size was good but still needs some attention. Toilets need some refurbishment. Breakfast was good but crowded. Also the bar. Bell captains were very good but the service was usually delayed. The location of the hotel is excellent, walking distance to Oxford St, to Paddington station and several eating places and supermarkets.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old rooms that are too small,"Stay somewhere else. The beds were old, the rooms are so small you can't walk between the bed and the furniture. Everything in the room was old and worn, for the price there are better alternative options.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average,"Stayed here for a long weekend. At the reception I was told that they only had twin rooms or I'd have to pay £20 extra for a double room. I pointed out that I did book a double room and showed my booking to the receptionist. She tried to tell me that it was because I booked through lastminute.com, so they couldn't guarantee if it was a twin or a double room. I told her that this hotel was the only one there, which said double and the other hotels showed double/twin without a choice, so this was the reason why I chose this one, even though it was more expensive than the other hotels. She then tried to tell me that a double room was called that, because 2 people could stay in it. I said double room was with a double bed, the one she was trying to give us was called a twin room. It…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never again,"Quite often in London for business reasons, I spent last weekend there with my 16yo daughter to celebrate a friend's birthday. We arrived at dinner time, check-in was ok. We were given a nano-room with a ""double"" bed which was really under standard size. Once in the room I discovered that the minibar was completely empty. Give the reception a call teling about the minibar and asking also for a plug adaptor to charge my cell phone. The operator said ""no problem sir"". After 30 mins no notice of plug adaptor and minibar kit. I called again, and again after furher 15 mins. At 1,20 in the night I had to put my clothes on, go to the concierge desk, and take personally tha adaptor. All bars were closed so no possibility to buy some water to drink. We had to drink tap water... The…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay !,"What a great stay! Our check in was handled marvellously, thank you to Hilton employee Koert. It was our 5th wedding anniversary and we loved the fuss made of us, especially the room upgrade. A complimentary bottle of Prosecco was delivered to our room, very unexpected but a very lovely surprise! All room service ordered was delivered promptly and special dietary requests were handled perfectly. Check out was effortless... We loved our stay and would happily stay again ! Thank you for making our celebration even better... 10/10 !",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A game of two halves,"We checked in as a group for a conference, a pleasure denied until 5pm for no immediately obvious reason. It's their 'policy'. On being given key cards it became clear why. We had all been given the worst rooms in the place. Almost unbelievably in 2016, this hotel has two smoking floors. The 1st and the top. My room, on the 2nd floor, reeked of cigarettes and was beyond tired.  So was I.  Back at reception, I found most if my colleagues all queuing up again wanting to change rooms.   Interestingly, despite being over-sold, they managed to rehouse all of us. My next room, on the 11th floor, wouldn't open with my key cards, so back to reception for me!  The long-suffering young man, who had clearly seen quite a bit of this before, cut me keys for a room on the 16th floor,…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great start to our honeymoon ,We stayed at couple of days at this hotel and we had a great experience from the start. The gentleman who checked us in was delightful and cheery. The food at the restaurant  was delicious and our room was clean. We would stay here again. ,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Surprising facility upgrade,"We previously stayed at this hotel in 2009.  Since then they have really modernized the interior.  Both the lobby and rooms have been nicely upgraded.  Our room was very clean.  My only issue is with the comfort of the bed - it was too hard/firm to my liking.  The hotel is located about 1 block from the Edgeware Road tube station.  The Paddington train & tube station is about a half mile away.  We easily walked there pulling our luggage to get the express train to Heathrow.  WiFi was free to HHonors members, others had to pay.  I wouldn't hesitate staying here again.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent all round,We've stayed here many times  each year with a walking disabled group and once again are delighted with the very helpful and well trained staff who go the extra mile to ensure our stay is perfect. We also booked a room for a group meeting which was perfect and again the staff went out of their way to be helpful.  It's a very busy bustling hotel in an excellent location and we highly recommend it.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great breakfast and public rooms, hot sleeping rooms","while this is a lovely property with a terrific breakfast restaurant, there is a lot to be desired for a Hilton.  The rooms, of course, are European small, which is to be expected.  The showers in the East or Executive wing are hinged part way through the door rather than at the wall, so a person of any size has terrific difficulty getting in and out and there is also a large step that is slippery.  Also the air has no thermostat, only a dial and it is not at all cool.  When we called down for a fan, they sent an engineer who attempted to cool it down, with no success, and we got no fan.  The windows do not open.  Just a note that to keep the fan on when the lights are out, use the switch by the bed.  The executive room looked nice, but our schedule did not permit use of it. …",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor room service ,"Me and my boyfriend stayed over for two nights back in June 2016, was nice from the outside and in the lobby! Our room was small and not the cleanest, with dirt around the bath tub! We had a pizza in the restaurant on the first night, although it was quiet it was very nice and the waiting staff were friendly. On the second night we went up to the restaurant on one of the upper floors, it was a anime themed restaurant serving Japanese food. We only stop for a drink, the views from the restaurant was great! We had a few cocktails and a beer with a frozen head, they were amazing, we wanted more but was rather expensive! We went back to our room and ordered a desert to share from the room service menu, we ordered a chocolate cake and a tub of ice cream, this totalled to a ridiculous…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,NOT a four star hotel,"Definitely not a four star hotel, the flush on the toilet was hanging off, the bath panel was flaking and falling to pieces, the bed was uncomfortable and decor dated. Location is good,  close to a tube link.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,"We stayed here as Hilton Diamond guests and had an amazing experience. London is a great city, and it's even better when you stay at a hotel with a great location and view of the city. The staff were helpful and the rooms were clean and spacious.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A great location and good hotel,"I spent 5 nights at this hotel and was lucky enough to have a refurbished room overlooking greater London seeing as far as the London Eye. I have no complaints about the room, it had a fridge, which was handy for a longer stay. The room was a comfortable size with a small couch and good bathroom. I did have a problem with drainage in the shower, with water just not getting away fast enough. They tried to fix it which wasn't terribly successful but I could live with it. The location was great, just a short walk to tube and bus stops for getting around town and seeing the sights. The concierge was great, I never got lost following his directions. Breakfast was excellent - great omelets!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Room for a family of four ,Stayed for 7 nights in late June in a family room in the west wing which was adequate for 4. Arrived at 4.30pm and room wasn't ready which was annoying as supposed to be available at 3pm.  sheets not changed during the 7 night stay despite being obviously dirty from kids eating in the bed. Slack that they just pulled the quilt up for 4-5 nights when both beds should have been charged.  Breakfast is great except don't arrive after 8.30am as it is too busy and inadequate supply of hot food.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Discriminates against the disabled - lawsuit to follow,"My family and I are visiting with our disabled mum, who has severe rheumatoid arthritis. She can walk but struggles with steps and stepping over objects due to restricted movement in her legs. We are currently staying in a room with a bath that has an overhead shower which mum physically cannot use. We've asked the Hilton for a different room but management are refusing to move us to their spare disabled room unless we pay for the second room. Even though we stated upon booking that we need a disabled room. Their reasoning is that mum wants a walk in shower. Basically that she wants to shower and not that she needs to maintain her personal hygiene. They refuse to meet our basic needs and are offering no compassion or understanding. No awareness of the Equality Act 2010.  This…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Tip: ask for their Deluxe rooms in the Tower Wing. These are located on the high floors with a city view (mine was on the 21st floor), and are all recently refurbished rooms. The hotel is in a great location, minutes away from Paddington and walking distance from Oxford Street, Marble Arch and Hyde Park. A 24-hour Tesco Express around the corner for late-night nibbles and drinks. Con: tiny room, but that is to be expected for Central London.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hmmmm, throw of the dice!","Stayed here 4 times over the course of several months and it's very much a gamble! This place has the worst Wifi i've ever encountered in a major western city hotel and the reception area is always so terribly crowded with long lines for check-in.   The gamble comes mainly into play when it concerns the rooms, i've had absolute cupboards in this place but also very large and obviously recently refurbished rooms. Why did I go back after the first 'disappointing' experience you'd think? Well they do have amazing offers on half the time and secondly it's one of the last few places near Paddington that still has smoking rooms :-)  Location is pretty good tough with lots of dining options just a block away.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole London,"Nice hotel but be sure to get an upgraded room otherwise the rooms are old.  This is a 1000 room hotel.  Huge!    Expensive booking directly; tour operators may get cheaper roomrates.  Convenient across the street from Marks and Spencer grocery store.  The Concierge desk is very knowledgeable.  10 minute walk to Paddington train station which is easy access.  We found a great Greek restaurant in back of the hotel on Prared St going towards Paddington station, called, Fantasia Greek.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Try and get a refurbished room,"Hotel is being updated and is badly needed. Reception area, restaurants etc and upper lever rooms are excellent but the rooms that haven't been refurbished are bad. Had to move rooms twice before being moved to the 19th floor which was excellent. Breakfast also a bit disappointing. Never understood why a hotel chain like Hilton insist on buffet breakfast?",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business trip,I stay frequently at this Hilton in Paddington. The service as a diamond member is really good always with option to upgrade or move rooms when possible.  Staff in the executive lounge are very helpful. ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"why 5 stars rating, no sixes.","We checked in the hotel, reception brilliant service, upgraded to 13th floor, family room, not unlucky for us. room fantastic.stayed two days, wished it was three.This hotel has great location, and i would recommend it, if you want to see the sites.More classic hotels in London? of course , but value for money , this has to be in the top ten,The hotel you can exercise, but didn,t get around to it, Hotel has all the usual, wi of good and free, but we are Diamond members, so they may charge if you don,t book direct, again you can pick it up in reception, If you are on BT, download BT free app , it picks it up (wi fi) in most hiltons. Breakfast great, all staff helpful. Rooms alway nice and tidy, spotlessly clean, In London, this is the place,",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Summer family vacation,Hotel location was very good gave us easy access to travel.  But was on the expensive side with WIfi not readily available.  I was pleased with Gym and pool and would definitely recommend location to my friend.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Stay,"We have just come back from a 2 day stay at this hotel. First impressions were good. The hotel is in a great location, about a 15 minute walk from Marble Arch. On arrival we were upgraded to a room on the 9th floor, which was apparently better than the room we were originally going to have. The room was a good size and was clean. Breakfasts were nice, with lots of variation. Staff were all really friendly and helpful. We decided to have dinner on the first evening in the hotel restaurant for convenience. The food was ok. The only downside would be we ordered our drinks, and the waitress then asked us if we would like some water. Came to the end of the meal and got our bill and it turned out we had paid £5 for the water, which we didn't even ask for. We felt this was a bit…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good value central London hotel,"My wife and I spent a long weekend here, following a previous stay, and found that the room facilities, location and overall service continues to be very good and offers very good value for money judged by capital city standards. The breakfast experience could be improved, very noisy, tables small and close together and far from relaxing but otherwise a good hotel with high standards and will stay there again in the future.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good stay at London Hilton Metropole,"Stayed 3 nights for a work conference. Only had issues with the safe, the exercise room is very small, except this everything was really good: really quiet room (no sound!), very good breakfast. Interesting location to visit or simply walk.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location and great shower,"My husband and i stayed here for a night and it was a perfectly good hotel for the price in central London. Good central location, easily walkable to baker street. We upgraded to a better room for £20 on the 14th floor. The brilliant shower was the  most memorable item in the room. We were facing the wrong way to see any London sights ( lovely view of the Edgeware Road!). There was a massive m & s opposite the hotel. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"+ Location , - hotelstandard","This hotel is very fine located near Paddington Station,- and is as I reckon mainly a business hotel. Its large and busy,- has a bit too much signs of wear and tear,- the rooms seems small (unless you get a suite),- the food is average. However I measure this in comparison to other Hiltons who do better. Very good conference facilities and appreciative service. Conlusion: very good for business,- for private mainly location is the upside. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very good stay,"We stayed 3 nights in the hotel visiting London.  The hotel is centrally located within 10 minutes walk to Marble arch.  Paddington station is nearby.  The hotel is a large complex of 3 buildings.  The room was clean, quiet and well equipped.  The breakfast was very good in quality and variety.  The staff was very helpful.  We would stay here again next time we are in London.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
2813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with excellent underground nearby,"This had one of the best breakfast buffets I have ever seen, complete with custom-made omelets and fresh eggs, waffles, pancakes, all sorts of nuts and berries for sprinkling on whatever you wanted, etc. etc.  Our twin room was SMALL, but convenient.  The hotel has excellent client services and they even provided me with a converter (deposit returned when I gave it back).  Super pool and gym room.  The Edgware line is three minute walk from the lobby.  Excellent hotel.  The only drawback was one needed to pay 13 pounds to have wifi in the room.  There were public spaces where it was free, however.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Give this a pass!,"I am a Hilton Honors member, so I ALWAYS choose Hilton over all other properties (I love my points).  This is one hotel I will never stay at again; it is a poor excuse for a Hilton.  The entire hotel looks like it was built in the early 80s, and hasn't had a moment of refresh since.  Aesthetics aside (I can forgive and old looking hotel, if it's well-maintained - this is not).  Hiltons are known for their beds comfort and linen - this bed was hard as a rock (two twin mattresses pushed together - not a king) with very basic linens.  Everything about the room was tired:  old air-conditioning controls, stained carpet, rust in the tub, water stains on the vanity, and moldy/stale smelling.  The positives are that the staff is friendly and attentive, the wifi is strong, the location…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
2815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great London hotel - dont look any further,"I travel to London frequently and i have stayed in many hotel there, this one by far is the best.   The hotel is not run on London standards, NO small rooms, No lazy slow service, its a proper hotel and i cant dare compare it to any other London 5 star hotels.   Location: just opposite a bus station and Edgware Road tube so its perfect to get anywhere and only few minutes from Paddington so easy access from Heathrow.   Rooms: i stayed at the West Wing and the room was modern, new furniture and spacious.   Food: never tried it so i cant comment.   Service: Amazing, when you ask any of the team for anything, they simply take you seriously and dedicate their time to help you in anyway.   Price: it varies, i booked on somehow high rate and when i checked again to book for another…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,our visit on 22 till 27.06 last month,"i m rating the hotel as the staff is very worm welcoming very professional we forgot our sun glasses at the gift shop and view hours and we asked ms Edna the gift shop sales and she gave it to us ,other day as well my son forgot his mobile and we found with the hours keeping staff at our floor as our room was 1379  we got the help by ms Amy and the very smooth and frindly check out by good man forgot his name but he is Jose food was good over all we liked the hotel and the team as we work as well in hospitality and have our hotels group in London but we perfect to stay in Hilton wish we never regret",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't bother with online check-in,"After 3 hours waiting for chosen room booked online 24hrs previously with cityscape view we ended up with a view of the building over the road. Rest of staff etc were great but check-in was rubbish and spoiled our stay and meant we were late to attend Wembley concert. Honesty would've been the preferred option from checkin staff rather than free compensatory items!  Consierge, chambermaid, bar and restaurant staff couldn't have been more helpful though!",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Allow extra time for the lifts,"I last stayed in this hotel about 10 years ago, before it had a refurbishment and vowed never to come back. This time I had to stay there for work, and although there have been huge improvements in the public areas, I would only go back again bearing the following things in mind: - the lifts are not nearly fast enough; we were there with a group and every time we decided to meet up people got delayed - up to 15 mins - due to lift delays. There are 6 lifts serving around 1000 bedrooms - they are way over capacity so there will always be delays - the room i had was on the 8th floor and this floor had not been refurbished - the room was old, tired and shabby. There was nothing good about it at all.I would request one of the upper floors next time, if I am forced to return, because…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel,"It seems like this hotel went thru major renovation recently, everything around the lobby area is fancy and lighted up. Great customer service and conveniently located, there is plenty of choices inside the hotel: bar, restaurants, even Starbucks. Rooms are clean, not as nice as the lobby but OK. Price is really high.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,"Stayed on a Saturday night for a concert.  Chose hotel in order to be close to Paddington train station.  We arrived very early but they gave us our room. The reception lines could be better marked for gold/diamond members. Receptionist very friendly and overall a great first impression. We found our room and I was very happy to see that the past issues with Hilton's digital check in were not repeated. The room however is another story. Old, tired and not up to Hilton standard. The air conditioning was noisy and useless.  We were fortunate that the temperature was below average for July. The room still became uncomfortably hot and I would not want to be here on a hot summer day. The executive lounge was the worst I have ever used. Unfriendly staff and poor food & drink…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
2821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Base for sight seeing.,"The rooms at the hotel are quite tired looking but are clean, the hallways do smell a bit musty, but the main areas are clean and well maintained.   The staff are great and cannot do enough to help out and that is why I have given the score I have for this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
2822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I have stayed at this hotel many times before, with and without children.  I find the location convenient, it has a swimming pool and just suits me.  After tolerating a long refurbishment I was disappointed to be given a dated room but it was adequate.  However I normally choose to stay mid week but this time it was a weekend - never again.  I found the hotel was full of families who took little or no responsibility for their children.  Children were riding scooters through reception, running screaming and sliding on the highly polished floors.  Their behaviour at breakfast was no better.  Speaking of breakfast, as we walked toward the restaurant I found the stench of cooking fat overwhelming from the omelette frying for which there was a relentless queue.  I was equally…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hiltons in London ,"Stayed here for 2 nights on business.  The facilities are great with plenty of choice in-house for food & drink. Including a reasonable sports bar for any live matches. The atmosphere was pretty good for England v Iceland .... Sorry England!!  Whilst the location isn't maybe as on top of things for being in town for work, it's perfect as a hub with the tube only 2 mins walk away.  Room quality was good and comfortable.  ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great,"Stayed here for a work trip. I stayed in a basic twin room.  The room was a bit dated and had no view but it didn't matter considering I was on a business trip for one night only. It was comfortable and clean, the toiletries were nice.  Check in had a long queue but the check in girl was really professional and efficient.   No complaints whatsoever. A nice hotel, good location, great staff and importantly very clean. I would stay again.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,You may want to think twice,"Upfront - The saving grace is their front desk receptionist Adriana.  If it wasn't for her I would have checked out three days into the stay.  She is a very professional and personable person.  Cudo's to Hilton for finding employees like her.     Now for the rest of the story, it would be nice if the management put a little bit more effort into providing that type of support into the rest of the staff and as a Diamond member you feel like a common Joe off the street.  The entire two weeks not once did they have me list as a diamond member on the breakfast list (all it is is a print out that they  couldn't get right), the executive lounge personnel lack any type of friendliness.  Several times all I hear out of thier mouth was ""room number"".  The rooms were okay.  The house…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
2826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not that good.  i,Totally insensitive to customer preferences like non-smoking room.Staff are polite but competence is the problem. Maintenance is poor. Broken taps in bathroom will be known to house keeping staff. Why not get it fixed instead of waiting for customer complaint. ,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"We stayed for two nights as we were going to Wimbledon.  This was an excellent location as we were able to get a tube rom Edgeware Road direct to Wimbledon.  The bedroom was comfortable although somewhat dated.  The service was friendly and the team members in the Executive Lounge were very attentive. Have stayed at this Hotel many times before and will do so again, as it is a very convenient location when staying in London.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lacking,"For a Hilton and the price, this hotel is lacking. I had what i believe was a renovated room in the tower and it was fine in that respect-- updated, in reasonably good condition. Soundproofing is terrible, heard every door slam and person walk by. Cheapest toilet paper like you'd expect in a roadside gas station. Bed was comfortable, good pillows. AC didn't work. Oh, and a staff member inexplicably knocked on my door and wo ke me up at 8am. Would not recommend given the price.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The manager Shadi is great,Perfect rooms loved the place. Staff very friendly and helpful.  Will definitely visit again. Too many Arabs.  Lol  The breakfast is wow and the bar is superb.great cocktails and drinks  Ez access to the city and tube.   ,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Like many EXPENSIVE old hotels, with surface dressing, it's masquerading as something it can't be.","The price, the location, the name - all suggest a quality place to rest your head.  But as I peer out to Paddington Green Police Station, two busy noisy converging roads, trying not to inhale the smell of stale smoke in the room, I can't help thinking this Hilton has had its day.  The foyer/lobby is surface dressing.  Bright colours, comfy chairs and pricey drinks to match but a room in 'The Tower' section of the hotel (like mine) is as bad as it sounds.  The communal areas that lead you here are way past their sell by date; then the rooms are musty, the bathroom tiles cracked, door hinges dirty and the coat hooks are held on with sticky tape.  The WiFI costs £12.99 (which in a room costing £239.00 should be a criminal offence) and the TV signal is all very VHS, no HD anything…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,its ok  location is great for underground,"The Hilton use to be Stackist , i spent a lot of time there in 2000 as a habit i went back as the location for London is great, easy underground station 100 meters away. The lobby and the restaurants are new and it all looks up to date. but when you enter the room ... oeps you step back in to time, the rooms that where not modern in 2000 are still the same and therefore ... NOT MODERN or out dated, the shower is in a water saving mode and when you move fast it will cover your body. The staf is extremely friendly and helpful and de food in the sports bar is expectable.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"We have just returned from this hotel, it was a great choice so easy to get around really close to the Edgeware Road tube and the Edgeware Bakerloo line. Good size rooms very clean and tidy bathroom shame the shaver point was broken. Great entrance lots of room, bars and coffee shop. the breakfast was amazing so much choice very helpful and friendly staff. We did use the pool also a great way to relax after a hard day being a tourist. It was my Birthday and I got a card some lovely cakes, fruit and some bottled water nice touch the cake were delicious. I would use this hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Modern, spacious and a great lcoation","Normally when we visit London we stay at the Hilton on Park Lane, but this time there were few vacancies within our budget so we chose the Hilton Metropole.  Actually very impressed, for the difference in price this hotel is still luxury and I felt the staff more friendly.  Public spaces were larger, room was more modern and location was very central.  Think this will be are new regular hotel when in London.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole London,The Hilton Hotels are very good and the personell friendly and service minded. Rooms are in ordinary Hilton standard and well attended. Make sure to add the breakfast buffet with everything you expect for brunch or morning meal.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dreadful hotel,"Where to start.. The rooms are like something out of the 70's, dirty, shower curtains, dirty grout, no bathrobes. The minibar had half used water in it! Very uncomfortable bed. Room service atrocious. At check they had 2 rooms under my  reservation despite me only having one reservation. Ten minutes of debate ensued where I refused to pay a cancellation on the second room. Truly hideous avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sadly disappointed,"Had to move from Tower Bridge Hilton as they were overbooked. My room. Twin beds were singular, just a double. The bath was missing, just a shower. The room so narrow the TV was flat screen, at odd angle to the bed, and want even horizontal!",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"This was a nice Hilton in the heart of the city. Staff was quite helpful and the free drinks was a wonderful bonus. Only stayed one night, but wish I had opportunity to stay longer. The breakfast was typical for UK Hiltons, which meant there were more options than you could possibly try. And Eggs made to order.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole - a BUSINESS hotel,"The Hilton London Metropole – a business hotel should be included with their name.  Not a bad thing just know what product awaits.  The recently renovated lobby vastly improves the welcome.  The front desk is ALWAYS busy, sometimes too busy, especially during peak hours.  Take advantage of whatever expedited checkout services are provided.  The restaurant and bars on lobby level will provide good options, not fine dining but decent choices for that identifiable business traveler seated alone with a book or electronic device.  The Sports bar is from central casting with massive screens everywhere, ample beer, liquor with typical sports bar food offerings. Fun place to be during worldwide sporting events.  Edg lobby bar and Whisky bar (alcove off the lobby) are easy places to sit…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, but room hygiene is bad","The check-in and concierge service is excellent, staff is nice and efficient. Excellent breakfast. However, the housekeeping service surprised me that I have never expected such a poor service and disgusting room environment in ""Hilton"" hotel.  Thick layer of dust is noted on the vent in the toilet, the housekeeping staff don't change the used wet towel every day. The electricity wire of hair dryer is broken, housekeeping staff promised to provide a new one, but no has been provided eventually.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,"When u enter the hotel it is nice, huge and busy but when i went to my room i got disappointed with the following: Old, small room, toilet flush not function as it should, no slipper, the beds are not comfortable at all they need to be changed i had a back pain after sleeping on it, however the breakfast is nice and tasty, the lobby of the hotel is new, big  and nice. The location of the hotel is not bad but is not the best for the tourists, if you need a gr8 location you should book somewhere near picadelli circus where the city is more active. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Stay","Recently had the pleasure of staying here for a night. The room was a good size and very clean and comfortable. For an extra £20 we opted for a room with 2 Queen size beds with breakfast included which was a bargain as the breakfast has a lovely choice to tempt you, anything from the traditional cooked breakfast to melon juice. The location of the hotel is ideal for exploring London as it is only a few minutes walk from Paddington station and Edgware tube is across the road. I was worried it would be a restless night due to traffic noise but the hotel is so well insulated I had a perfect nights sleep.  There is a lovely canal path behind the hotel which has a good selection of restaurants. My only moan would be regarding the lengthy check-in time. I will certainly use this hotel…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Hotel,"We stayed overnight at the weekend, problem with the reservation but the hotel staff were extremely helpful and sorted the misunderstanding.  We were given a newly refurbished room with excellent views, extremely comfortable and great value.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"A glorified Premier Inn, at an inflated price","I have used this hotel regularly for years, and it previously gave great service for business travellers.  However, in the last year or more, it has become more and more focussed on holiday makers from the far and middle east.  As a result, the level of service provided to regular, and non-holiday, travellers has become very poor.  I find the staff slow, unhelpful, unresponsive, and uncaring.  Requests are either ignored or met with ""management says that is not allowed"".  This includes little things, such as the request for a bathrobe, or forgetting to bring orange juice at breakfast, to large items, such as very slow check-in late in the evening (when after a long day, you just want to get to your room), or a request being denied to make a quick phone call home when my mobile…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beautiful.,"Its in the heart of london. Everything is around you. Staff are lovely, and very helpful. Only stayed for two nights Would love to stay here again though. A good shopping trip or even a little holiday",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The name says it all.,During preformin in top model uk. Myself and my family stayed here with friends. It's opposite the tube. The resturant for breakfast was huge and plenty of choice. I had a lively sandwich from the shop. the function room was perfect for the event. staff were very helpful I even locked my kep in my case and within 5 mins somone was at my room helping.  The bars are very reasonable prices the hotel is spotless. rooms very big with fabulous views of London.  We went upto the rooftop restaurant which was wonderful. Late night till 4am at the private bar but the staff never moaned and continued to be poliet and serve us.  Overall brilliant large spacious hotel in a good location,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the executive experience ,"Yes when you arrive it all looks grand , this is my 5th and last visit here, online checkin claims to reduce checkin in reality that's not true still queueing for 20 minutes , usually stay in a remix but paid extra on a breakfast rate for an executive room, it was small, sparce and I personal , no dressing gowns they didn't even put spoons in to make tea , I asked for this to be sorted along with the mini bar being emptied but no nothing .. Drinks in the bar are not too bad but they slip a 10% service charge on without saying , it's apparently written in Tiney writing on the menu , breakfast was terrible , organised chaos , cold food, queues sorry to say won't be coming back ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,An average stay which could have been so much more,"Location- easy to access the tube and 15-20 min walk with young children, down Edgeware road to Marble arch and Hyde park to access hop on and off buses. Underground easily accessible but not recommended with young children and pushchairs, steps plentiful, lifts scarce. Taxis easily accessible.  Hotel- comfortable and general cleanliness good. Vacuuming in hallways could have been better and decor looked tired.  Room- our room was quiet and the bed was comfortable. The room was stuffy and no fresh air available. Tea and coffe was not replaced when used and we were only provided with two bath towels when there were 2 adults and 2 children in room!!  Food- was reasonably priced to our surprise and a couple of different options avail be for kids who ate for free. Pleasant surprise…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing Location,This hotel has extensive renovations going on to bring it into 2016. Beautiful lobby and restaurants. We stayed in a room that had not yet been renovated in the tower. It was a bit tired but perfectly clean and comfortable. The location can't be beat! It is surrounded by shops and restaurants and a 2 min walk to the bakerloo and circle lines. A further 10 minute walk and you hit a national rail station. Great value for money on a Hotwire deal. ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Conveinet but in a boring area,"The hotel itself is really nice.  The lobby is elegant and well kept, and the staff is very good.  The free breakfast (for us) was very good and convenient each morning.  You are very close to a tube stop which makes doing touristy things very easy and the immediate area is nice and safe.  There isn't a ton to do in the immediate area and you are about a 15 minute walk from relevant shopping or parks.  But overall I recommend this hotel as it is easy to get to and from, it is very clean and well maintained, and can be booked at a reasonable price (on London's standards).",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Economy Class,"Don't be fooled by the re-model in the lobby, which freshens the entrance.  I stayed on floor 22, never again, carpet from the 70's, room stank, mattress uncomfortable and pillows synthetic.  Upon calling 'Magic' was not magical - I was told all the rooms are the same even though mine was disgusting. No help offered.  If you get a good rate then this is for you, if you don't stay in a premier inn which are far cleaner.   I felt like staying in economy on a 747... Uncomfortable, smelly and overcrowded.  Totally impersonal and I won't stay there again.   Do not recommend.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice this time read review,"Stayed here a few times with my family the rooms were very clean and spacious the best thing for me was the sauna and steam room hardly anybody in there so had it all to myself most of the time the only down fall and why I didn't want to  return is I was accused of stealing a piece of jewellery from someone's locker and I was outraged at how I was treated by the staff this was years ago now and I ididnt want to return just because of that as I believe even know they in the end had proof it was not me the owner has misplaced it and later found it And I had no apology,I was made to feel like a thief and I didn't like that so great rooms great food can't comment on spa area as I didn't want to visit it but don't be put off its a beautiful hotel and I will return but not to the…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Handy location and friendly staff,"Pretty much in the heart of London, this hotel is within walking distance of loads of attractions - baker street, madam tussauds, regent's park, London zoo if you head in one direction and hyde park, green park, the mall and buckingham palace if you head the opposite way. Perfect location for tourists and the skybar is also pretty cool.  Our room was upgraded on arrival which was another nice surprise, though the views on the lower levels aren't fantastic as London is a pretty built up city.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It's very outdated but generally ok,"This hotel definetely needs a renovations it looks very outdated, specially the rooms but it's very good for business it has lots of meeting rooms. Also for the ones that matter it has an indoor swimming pool. I've staied for 5 night at an executive rooms and it was very spacious and clean. Despite that it had a balcony the door accessing it was blocked. Also you couldn't open any windows.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay at another Hilton,Really poor service and attitude. Have stayed in quite a few Hilton hotels being a diamond member working for a global organisation that spends a lot of money with Hilton. Sadly have to rate this hotel as the worst Hilton I've ever stayed in. Not expecting red carpet treatment but get the feeling that there is a real lack of focus here.,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Superb location,"We are a family of five and the room we stayed in was very spacious and big.  Two king size beds and a pull out double bed.  The location is fantastic, right beside Underground train stations, 2 minute walk.  Also 5 minutes walk from Pizza Express much to delight of my children!  There was also a marks and spencers across the road which was great for picking up food for our days out.  Highly recommend this hotel, location is the key.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice location and services,A hidden gem- maybe even from the staff is the whiskey bar. But don't come too late unless you are a guest or they won't serve you- weird. Rooms are nice and the place is always hopping especially on weekend nights. Food at the upstairs restaurant was really quite nice also.  So a generally good place to stay. If only they could figure how to take better advantage of their bar!,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,super run down hotel ----needs a major makeover--2 thumbs down,"this hotel would have been a top hotel during the 90's but we are now 2016.  Wall paper peeling off, elevators ricketty, carpets smelly.....we got a executive room with lounge---there was no free water in the room which is incredible.  airconditioning is antiquated (temperature controls are from the 90's) and would be acceptable 20 years ago---but not in 2016.  The lobby is nice and modern but the rooms are awful.  The only nice thing about this hotel is the friendly staff---but even that cannot hide the poor condition of this hotel  would never stay here again",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible,(1)Dirty; housekeeping doesn't clean the room well.  (2)We were in a triple share room and everyday they only gave us two towels despite following up everyday repeatedly. (3)Takes forever to call any housekeeping - always leaving us on hold,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,High quality hotel in a great location that hits 95% of the mark,"If you're reading this review and thinking about the hotel the answer is go ahead and book it. Ultimately you'll have a pleasant stay and enjoy it and its location.   With that said, UK hotels can be a bit of a mixed bag. Sometimes you find tiny rooms, sometimes you find things that are quintessentially British. In this case the hotel is pretty standard fare. It's not quaint, it's not historic, it's just clean and reliable. To me that made for an overall good business stay.   In my case it was the things that ""almost worked"" that made this a 4 star review instead of a 5 star. For instance, house keeping was good, but opening and closing large loud doors at 7 AM to clean rooms was not ideal. The bathroom was fine, but not having hot water at 5 AM on the days I had to get up early…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Frustrating American Call centre & very noisy Lifts while you are trying to sleep...!!,"I wanted to book a London Hotel for last Saturday, the Metropole seemed to tick the boxes for convenient location and price seemed ok.    I called reservations and got their American call centre, after repeating myself a few times the lady on the other end of the phone convinced me to book a King Size Double room on a B&B deal at a non cancelable / non refundable rate, assuring me this was the very cheapest deal available.  I agreed and booked.  At the end of the call she said she was putting me through to a colleague re a special programme they were offering, I declined, she then asked me exactly the same question again, (I started to think maybe she was a robot!). She ended up putting me through to another person, also in America who tried to sell me some Hilton package in New…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely ,"Me and my friend only stayed one night. We were allowed to book in earlier than stated.  The reception staff were very friendly and helpful.  The room was lovely with 2 huge beds. We were on the 6th floor. At breakfast one of the waitresses called Juliet gave me excellent customer service and deserves a special mention,  she could not do enough for us. She clearly loves her job. The checkout was very smooth and we could leave our luggage while enjoying the rest of the day. Would definitely revisit. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Central location; mediocre accomodations,"Staying at this hotel was great in terms of its location. It's easy to get anywhere in central London from here. But having stayed in two of the rooms, I can say it's quite expensive for what you get: small rooms just this side of acceptable, dark, grim hallways that are an utter contrast to the bright, well-appointed lobby. My friend and I were not enthused to find that if you put any personal food in the fridge, it will lock itself so that you have to pay to get it out again--we were not informed of this beforehand. If you are sensitive to perfumes, you may be affected by whatever they use in the lobby, and for cleaning public areas. I found it nauseating, but the scent didn't continue to the hallways or guest rooms. That said, we both slept well, and the luggage room (where…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very - Very - Very - Disappointing!!!,Being a Gold Status member of the Hilton HHonors program I have always felt it secures me to a level of service and recognition - in consideration of my loyalty.  In other words - I would have hoped my loyalty could avoid the pitfalls and traps of Internet bookings scams and my loyalty to the brand would ultimately protect me.  Alas I was wrong....  On this stay it took inspections of 5 rooms to find something we could endure for the period. Even then the room was ridiculously small and the bathroom tiny.  It was the best of a very poor selection.  The hotel has three massive towers of old tired rooms with outdated decor and dark wood trim which is down right depressing.  There are many long dark corridors which to me were a security concern for my wife who needed to stay on her…,Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better than we were expecting!,"After reading such mixed reviews on Trip Advisor, we weren't sure what to expect; especially having booked our stay on Hotwire.com so not knowing the room type at all.  We were pleasantly surprised when we went to check in last night.  There was a really really big group of tourists who were checking in and as soon as the Guest Relations clerk Sergio saw us standing waiting (as all the group had to check in together), he rushed over and brought us to his desk and checked us in there.   Sergio made the check in process wonderful, even offering us a choice of room type.  There are three towers or wings to the hotel and with over 1000 rooms, there are apparently some refurbed rooms and some which are not.  With Hotwire, we had been allocated a King Room which was not refurbed. …",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good choice,"Modern, friendly, clean, great location.  Lifts a bit slow at busy times, room card key did not work first time around (long trek back for replacement from 13th floor) and lack of staff on desks at busy evening check in time - nothing that cannot be fixed easily by this good hotel",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Is this a hotel?,"From what I know, this hotel is far from being even a hotel. The continuous maintenance sound in tower building is annoying. I am wondering if there is no one reporting such issue.  Also, the employees are not friendly to guest. The facilities are pretty old in some floors ... I really hate a hotel with no friendly people and no good facility.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Green Motion - worse car hire experience ever!,"When I took out the car, there were quite a minor scratches, which were marked on the rental sheet.  However when I returned the car I got charged for a 4cm slight buffering on the back alloy, which I'm not sure I did or was missed off the paperwork originally...(As the car spent most of it's time in a private car park) the price for this privilege - £156 !!!! without any explanation other than this being a 'standard charge' which is a total rip off.  Customer Service was debatable/robotic... staff helpfulness was low, it's all very process driven and box ticking rather than focusing on the customer service journey!! well done on getting it wrong...   Would not recommend this for anyone wanting to hire a car, find a nearby europcar, avis, or even a zipcar if you can. BUT if you…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient London Hotel,Our first night in London was comfortable and conveniently located to shopping.  This was a relief because our luggage was delayed and we needed necessities to get us through the first two days. The staff was friendly and I would stay again.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropolis Hotel,"Bad service and terrible noise from elevators nonstop. Pure Inet connection, rooms are not cleaned regularly,  old and not refurbished interior, except lobby and few special floors. Overall you could find way better hotel for the price paid.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Stay in Hilton London Metropole,"Hotel is ok, Good location close to the Tube (Paddington & Edgware stations), Clean room, Good staff services, Breakfast with large choices,  Nice staff.  GABRIELLA MOLNAR from Reservations was helpful in doing some changes to my reservation.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,You get way you paid for.,"3 friends and I stayed here for the night for a friend's 30th Birthday who has never been to London before. We informed the check in staff it was our friends Birthday but we had nothing extra.  The room was lovely and spacious. We were on the 12th floor which was a great view. The view however looked over the west side of London and not the central part which was a shame.  The rooms were quiet and kept very well maintained. We included breakfast with our stay and I highly recommend it if you stay here. There is so much to choose from, there's fruit, meats, pastries, breads, as well as a self serve full English, although the eggs were a bit strange. Also tea, coffee, juices etc...  In all our stay cost £195 for 1 night in a queen suit for four including breakfast. The hotel is…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Booked this through last minute.com as a secret hotel, so didn't know what hotel we'd be staying in until I had paid. The hotel is very nice. Was told at check in that there were only twin beds or smoking rooms left which I wasnt happy with as thats not what id paid for. We were 'upgraded ' to a room with a queen bed and a view of London. But when entering the room, it was most definitely a double and not a a queen! But the view of london was outstanding. I will say that if that room was an upgrade, i would have been very disappointed with the original room booked, as the room and bed couldnt possible be any smaller than what we were in!!!! We had a comfortable night sleep. And the breakfast was outstanding, one of the best i have ever had!!! The staff were very helpful and…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another good stay,"Stayed at this hotel many times and keep going back.  It's very convenient located on Edgware Road where you can get buses all over London.  Also just across the road from a tube station.  You always get a great welcome at reception and they really look after Hilton Honors members.  Some of the rooms are looking a little tired but still in very reasonable condition.  The breakfast offers a huge range of food which would satisfy anyone's palate.  Although the hotel is huge you always get a sense that they are pleased you are there.  So, of course, will stay again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Quiet, convenient location ","We were on the 18th floor, surprisingly completely quiet. Business class hotel with many amenities. Nice gift shop with reasonable prices.  We traveled the tube to London sites,from Edgeware station (5 min), and also took the train to Windsor from Paddington station (10 minute walk). Nice to have Mark and Spencer across the street, recommend their food court for low cost breakfast or lunch. We also tried the hotel's Asian restaurant for the view and creative desserts. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not truly free wifi, not offered best rate","We are currently staying. The free wifi only lasts for an hour in the lobby. When I booked by calling directly I was offered what they said was the best rate. Turns out it was the bed and breakfast rate, not the best. As we need to be at Paddinton at 6am, we will miss breakfast. The hotel offers us a breakfast box. Cannot wait to see what is inside this. They refused to give us the non bed and breakfast rate. In addition, when I arrived my card was charged 30 pounds more than what they assured me was all inclusive when I reserved.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"This is not the first time at the London met and certainly not the last.  This time I was on my own, traveling light, breakfast is one of the great in London, the hotel location is very good, 2 tube stations near by, walking distance from Hyde park. Staff from all over Europe are giving great service.  Next time I'll come with the kids. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and facilities,"We were booked for two nights but unfortunately had to leave after just one, so couldn't explore the place fully (or use the pool etc) but the rooms were spacious, the restaurant Kojawan on the 23rd floor amazing and the staff very friendly. The Wifi is normally charged but thanks to my HHonors Card got it free. Location is a five minute walk from Paddington station",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lovely Hotel, shame about the noise!","Took a while to check in because we had used 'lastminute' to book however lady on reception very friendly and apologised for this.  Our room was very clean and to a good standard, no complaints there. The problem began around 11:30 that evening and continued for well over an hour! Turns out the rooms aren't very soundproof and a group decided it was ok to stand right outside our door having a full volume chat! Not sure why they were unable to gather in the bar or one of their rooms - very rude. We left this for a good half an hour before complaining and yet it still continued into the early hours. Shame it ended up being such a sleepless night because this was the only faulting factor! Sound-proof improvement required. The bar was lovely, drink's weren't overpriced for the area…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,In need of updating,"I was expecting so much more from Hilton, but our (family) room was in urgent need of renovation. To be honest I didn't realise that the hotel had so many rooms (1000+ apparently) which meant a large queue to check in. Checking out was a nightmare. Both of our children took ill on the first day, so we decided to abandon our long weekend in London and go home, and despite pre-paying for 2 nights I was advised when I asked to check out that the early check our fee would be calculated for me. This turned out to be the cost of one full night (like I said I had already paid for 2 nights). I objected to paying the extra charge, and it was eventually waived (I do mean eventually - it took a long time) - as a ""good-will gesture"". I have stayed in many more hotels since, for both work…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
2880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,We are already planning our return,"We stayed at this hotel for the first time earlier this month.  It is literally a couple of minutes walk from Edgware Road tube station.  The hotel is massive and by far the biggest we have ever stayed in.  Check in was smooth and quick.  We were allocated a room on the 5th floor in the tower, which overlooked the main road.  Not a great view, but we have had much worse and at least we were not overlooked.  The room was very clean and of a good size for a London hotel.  The bed was the biggest we have ever slept in.  We have a king size at home and this was much bigger.  It had an over bath shower, which was fine but took a bit of adjusting to get the temperature right.  The water pressure was a bit on the low side though.  The complimentary toiletries were by Peter Thomas Roth…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well located ,"Very well located, near subway and train station (500m) , near hyde park (1km) Lots of shops and restaurants around the hotel. Good quality, rooms well clean and enough space for two persons Great breakfast, all traditional options Very,very, very big hotel, impossible create relations with staff. Always persons in and out, amazing the traffic in the reception lobby. Nice bar to support the lobby. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton experience!,To clarify I am a Hilton platinum member so experienced a good deal of Hilton hotels. I booked and arrived at the hotel. Great location but that's about it. Requested a room with a view and was told we will allocate one for you. The view was a wall. Rooms were outdated and showers leaked. To top this off my card was fraudulently scammed when I paid at the hotel. Won't be staying at a Hilton hotel for a long time..,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,better than I was expecting,"I stayed here for work, so breakfast and wifi were included (and since I didn't pay maybe it is really more of a 3.5 stars) Very close to metro, lobby area is quite nice offering a variety of lounge/bar areas, comfortable for singles as well as groups Room was not large but well appointed, there was a desk and sitting area and it was easy to manouever around the bed Closet was on the small side with only hanging area and a shelve  Hair dyer and iron provided Amenities in the bathroom were minimal (soap, shampoo, conditioner) which I didn’t mind as they were of  a high quality and it saves on all the environmental waste of mini boxes and plastic, but I would have appreciated a body lotion Big pluses: mattress was incredibly firm, fantastic, block out light curtains, nice views…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice visit to London,"Good location and a very nice hotel. The street now looks sligtly different but it is still the heart of the city.   qwe qwe e rt rty tyu yui uio uio 123 asd dfg ghj hjk jkl kl; zxc vbn m,. asd fgh hgf fds dsa",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average facility. Stay only if you must.,Prime location is the only advantage of this hotel. The rooms are extremely small and the toilets dingy. Good breakfast spread. Polite staff and good ambience. However for me the size of the toilets was extremely small for comfort and the stall was even worse. ,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Base,We stayed here recently whilst visiting London. The hotel is absolutely massive. We stayed on the 9th floor in a twin room that you couldn't swing a cat in. The room had a bath which was on a plus note. The staff were all very pleasant and helpful and when we had an issue with our air con the maintenance man was really helpful and sorted it. Breakfast was included in our rate and was delicious and plenty of choice. Car park was charged at £35 per day. Location was really good as well as the under ground was just across the road.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location but the standard rooms in desperate need of a renovation,"The location is great, very fast access from Heathrow,  common spaces are excellent overall, but the ""standard"" room I booked in the main tower desperately needs a renovation. The bathroom has peeling paint, rust on the door hinges, dirty shower head - inconsistent with the Hilton experience. The hallways in the main tower feel very old, probably no renovation since the hotel was built. I heard that the newer sections of the hotel ""East wing"" and ""west wing"" have the better quality rooms.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great base for a London break.,"Can't fault this hotel. Good location, just 2mins walk from Edgeware Road statio.  Fantastic  facilities. Good breakfast. Child friendly (children eat free in the restaurants). Staff were always friendly, polite, and nothing was too much trouble.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great accom,great location, outstanding helpful staff - Consierge Nagesh Brilliant !!!","Highly recommend this hotel for its great service , location, public transport outside the door and staff that can't do enough to ensure you have a comfortable stay. The concierge Ganesh was amazing and went out of his way to assist us with a difficult problem and always had a smile and friendly manner.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tower Rooms / Refurbished / Very Comfortable,"I stayed 5 nights.  Good location for my needs.  10 min walk from Paddington Station (Heathrow Express), small M&S directly across the road and Edgeware Underground 3 minutes walk. Several fast casual restaurants or Pubs within 5 to 10 min walk away.  Concierge guys are well knowledged for any question -- I needed an extra case at the last minute and was guided to a small street market for a 15 UK Pound solution.  Room on 19th floor was recently refurbished -- brand spanking new bathroom.  Great shower.  Aircon takes a few min to kick-in but it works perfectly.  Adequate lock-up safe in the closet.  Flat screen TV (new)  Breakfast is usual vast choice .... all good  It's a good location if you get a good price ! I will repeat stay and so will keep this hotel on my list.  If this…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Great Cosmopolitan Hotel,"Stayed with my sister and neice for a mid week sight seeing trip to the capital. She's only 8 so wanted her to experience something opposite to the Yorkshire countryside. Had a fantastic day. Average priced for a hotel of its kind. Great rooms. Refit looks modern and sophisticated. Welcome at the entrance was a nice gesture as was the doormen hailing Taxi's and the member of staff who brought my sister water as she was coughing in the lobby. Lovely restaurant, fair prices too. Lovely breakfast that will last you the day. Everything under the sun to eat. Great service. Great staff. Great hotel. See you in July!!!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another delightful stay!,I just completed a one night stay at the Metropole and once again had an enjoyable experience. The staff were friendly and accommodating and very much willing to help us plan our day's activities as effectively as possible. The hotel is a 5-10 minute walk from Paddington Station- excellent for a number of National Rail services plus the Heathrow Express- as well as Edgware Road Tube stop. Highly recommended!,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,But those elevators!,"Was recently at this property for a conference. Checkin, and interactions with staff in all capacities was great and I was impressed with this. Not always seen at large conference type hotels. They also organized the conference very well but that is outside the domain of the review. Breakfast was good. Lots of good options and again, good attention to detail and customer service. I stayed in the tower rooms on the 17th floor. Great view of the city. Clean and comfortable rooms. Good internet speed. AC took a bit to get going but no big drama.  It sounds petty but really the only thing that hits them from being a better property are those elevators for the tower. At all times of the day, it was a far from average wait time. At 11:30 at night, a 6-10 min wait by which there was a…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Nice,This hotel has many things to offer inside as well as convenience outside. Families can catch the hop on tours outside or walk shortly to shopping and restaurants. Rooms are clean with awesome views! The hotel staff are very friendly and willing to accommodate any traveling needs. We tried the sports bar inside which was great! Most places gratuity is included but we tipped cash to certain people. For instance room service or couple Euros to the guy who brought towels to our room. It's just how you look at it!,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Visit to London, but possibly not to Hilton unless they buck up their ideas","Okay our first trip to London. I was travelling with my daughter to pick up a Visa. Hilton are okay but there is better. Was really disappointed with the twin room we were allocated, the carpet was dirty, the shower head would stay put in the holder, the bath panel was 'grotty' , the mini bar door wouldn't close properly....   Next time there's a possibility that I will stay in Premier Inn.... You know exactly what you get with them......",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very, very poor, especially for London","To get the good points out of the way, breakfast was nice. I had to queue to get it, both to get into the room and repeatedly through the experience, but it was acceptable.  I think I'm in a relatively unique position in that I pay a flat corporate rate for many hotels, so I can benchmark them against each other relatively easily. Some hotels, I think my rate is too cheap for what you get. Sadly, the opposite applies here.   I think that I would have been overjoyed with this hotel had I visited in 1992. I'd have loved the fact there are four lifts serving a 23 floor tower, and not minded that I needed to wait ten minutes for one in the morning. I'd have happily added those ten minutes into my commute. I would also have loved the decor; fresh and modern in 1992, dated and dirty…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Last minute,"I booked this hotel last minute (on my train to London) and the booking was great. When we arrived the staff were really friendly. However, being a London Hotel that isn't that expensive, the room is basic - but you pay for what you get. Although basic, the room was clean and in a quiet location.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfectly adequate but nothing special,After queuing to checkin we had to wait a while for our room to be ready. We went for lunch in the lobby bar area whilst waiting and were looked after wonderfully by Dan and were given a warm welcome. He found out that it was our wedding anniversary and a glass of bubbly arrived with a few cakes with Happy Anniversary written on the plate which was a lovely surprise. The rooms are small as is the bathroom with walk in shower but the beds are comfortable and the rooms well insulated from noise (you wouldn't know there was a flyover outside!). Breakfast nothing special. There is a car park in the hotel which costs £35 per 24 hours. For the price we paid (through lastminute.com) our stay was good value for the money.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not exactly 5 star standard - Decent Average,"Best part of the hotel is location, in central London next to tube station with hydel park at walking distance. However, the inside hotel its a very big fortress, divided into 2 block (which are connected only at Lobby level). Lobby of 1 block is completely empty with nothing at all there.  Gym size is very tiny cramped over crowded and basic amenities,. Pool is small cannot service the huge size of hotel.  Restaurant size is also small you might have to wait in Queue for breakfast.  Reception have only 3-4 desk for check in.  I think they kept on adding hotel block without expanding public facilities. Room service is chargeable, 5 pound for 5 pound water.  No free water in the room. Conerige is ok not too helpful Room are not to great not as per Hilton charges.  Basically not…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Stayed one night and found the stay to be relaxing and the service excellent.   Stayed in the west wing and the rooms were spacious and quiet.   The executive lounge was large, although it was still crowded. Lots of items to snack on and drink during the evening drinks time.   Right across the road from Edgewood Road underground and a 15 minute walk to Marble Arch.   A good place to stay. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Below expectations,"Staying at the Metropole for a conference. I haven't any other London hotel experience to compare, so perhaps this is standard size for the city, but it is embarrassingly small compared to other similar hotels in major cities. There are multiple wings and perhaps some are fresher than others. I am staying in the tower wing and it is dark and dingy. The mattress is thin and on a platform bed with no boxspring, so very uncomfortable. On the plus size, the service is great and the breakfast spread is fantastic. There have to be better options at this price point in the city, so keep looking. Don't stay here.",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Family Hotel,"Its a large hotel with many family rooms to accomodate upto 4 persons in each room. was suitable for me . large breakfast with good options for vegetarians too. Hotel is 7-8 mins walk from Paddington station and about 15 mins walk from Marble Arch and Oxford Street .  Though we had booked for 4 persons in a room, towels etc were provided for only 2 persons and it was a daily routine to keep asking for extra towels etc. Attention to small details was missing from the housekeeping staff. Service response was a bit slow. Otherwise, it was a good stay. Edgware street has lines of Lebanese restaurants to satisfy both , vegetarians as well as non vegetarians.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor hotel below usual Hilton standard,"Not recommended.  I often stay in Hilton hotels for both work and leisure travel, and generally they are very good.  This one however fell well short of what I expected.    Good points  - Room cleanliness was fine - Staff were (mostly) friendly and helpful despite being very rushed  Bad points  - Hotel is very large and impersonal and to get from reception to the room you have to walk through a section of tatty gift shops and car rental offices.   - Old hotel with dated decor and fittings; air conditioning very inefficient which wasn't ideal on a hot humid day - Breakfast service was overwhelmed with people - no tables left so had to sit at the bar to eat.  Staff overwhelmed by the numbers with food not being replenished quickly enough to cope with the queues  Finally I am sure…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
2904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Strange room levels,Always choose this hotel as its location cannot be faulted and the Edgeware tube station is across the road apart from great bus connections.  With in a mile you have every possible type of cuisine freely available apart from some really nice pubs. The hotel does really well always buzzing with people which the staff manage quite competently. The only confusing issue is among the 3 levels of rooms the club floor is the worst even though the small lounge tries to make up for this compromise.  My recommendation is stay in the West Wing which has the best rooms better than the tower wing recently refurbished and get the free wifi and lounge benefits.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend mini honeymoon,"Booked as a surprise hotel for our weekend mini honeymoon  Very happy with location and hotel, it was clean and served well as a base. Rooms what you would expect, shower, toilet, bed, TV, iron, etc. etc. Nothing major to write home about  I was surprised at how big it was though, which I didn't realised until breakfast the first morning, the dining area was very busy and very large. Breakfast itself was okay, as good as you will get for a large hotel catering for such a large, and varied client base  I'm sure there are better and cheaper hotels around, but for a base it was okay and served its purpose well",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Noisiest beds I've ever seen!,"This hotel has the noisiest beds I've ever seen! We stayed in the West wing and I didn't sleep because of noise! I complained about the bed, but we were given another room with the same kind of bed! It was an awful experience!",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
2907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Three Nights in London,"This was an average hotel. It was a mostly clean room, which is my biggest requirement, but there were stains on the foot pad on the bottom of the bed. They had clearly not been changed, but the sheets/beds were clean. I didn't really find the hotel to be in a desirable area of town. I guess I was wanting more of a traditional London atmosphere for my first visit. With that said, London is expensive and this was one of the better deals we found. It was about a 15 minute walk to the hop on/ hop of buses.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great,"The hotel is modern and staff very friendly. Rooms are clean and things are working fine. The location is good, just a few steps away from Edgware Road station and Paddington station lots of food around too. However, there is only 1 Chinese Korean restaurant nearby and thankfully that restaurant serves good authentic Chinese food.  I wish to make a special compliment to Juliet Hammon, Guest Relation at Fiamma Restaurant where we have our breakfast daily on our 9 day stay at the hotel.  She is very helpful and pleasant. First approached us checking if we are okay and further assured us if there is anything we need and want which were not on the buffet spread, she would try to get it from the kitchen. She further asked if there was any addition to the buffet that we would like to…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"We thoroughly enjoyed staying at this hotel. Central location so close to shops and eating places. Only fault was no wifi in rooms only in lobby and then it didn't work anyway. Restaurant was enjoyable, good meals and excellent service.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too average to recommend,"We spent 2 nights here in early June in connection with a Bruce Springsteen concert. The location is fine - in walking distance to the main shopping streets (Oxford, New Bond), but there nothing to elevate the experience to above average. Examples: It's a rather typical run-down-chipped-paint-everywhere British hotel. During our stay the pool was continuously occupied by very loud kids. I had to call ""Magic"" twice to get an adapater. The ice machine I was sent to was broken. The carpet in our suite was warped. Several places in the hall ways the wall paper is peeling off...... For our next visit to London (we will definitely go again), we will probably seek out another hotel....",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,weekend getaway,"first time for visiting this hotel, and would certainly use it again for its central proximity to all things needed in London. we were greeted by  very helpful staff , who were very polite, warm and welcoming, despite the very busy hotel foyer , noting was too much trouble!  we were given a  free room upgrade, although not sure why . however we certainly didn't complain!  the room was lovely , comfortable and very spacious with all the mod cons you come to expect from a hotel of this size,   as we had a bed and breakfast stay., I dare the most fussiest of eaters to not find something to eat for breakfast,  from the usual full  English, to freshly prepared omelettes,  to fresh fruits and continental breakfasts.   all of it was very nicely laid out and rather tasty!     would…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old and small rooms,"Rooms appointed were in the ""tower"" and appeared to be the older areas.  Had to have door lock fixed as room card continually did not work.  Not centrally located, long taxi rides to Westminster and Victoria station area.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
2913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Experience,My stay as a Diamond member at tgexHilyon Metropole was wonderful with free breakfast and access to the Executive Lounge. The service was top notch and the staff was polite and helpful. The rooms in the West Tower were large but a bit old and worn out. ,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,Excellent facilities and easy access to public services and west end. Service is superb with a high quality gym and pool. Food is very nice and well priced. Rooms are excellent as I stay here two nights a week for the last 6 mths so have the opportunity to see different rooms across the hotel,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
2915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay in London Hilton Metopole,We had an enjoyable stay in this hotel as both the location excellent and the staff were extremely polite. Check-in was very smooth and easy. Kept luggage in the specified storage as we arrived a bit early (10.30). The hotel is Well situated for all London scenery places. Breakfast was good and adequate but needs to be in-line with the Hilton High standard.Definitely will come back again.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fair ,"Small rooms, great and well trained staffs. Amazing bar with nice cocktails. Easy access to Oxford Street and many museum and art galleries. Easy access to metro underground. It's a good hotel for business people.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Company Convention,"Centrally located, good walking distance to Oxford shopping areas.  Nice big and clean rooms, equipped with hair dryer and ironing facilities.  Convenience stores just a stone throw away like Tesco and M&S just across makes it easy.  Recommended whether it's business or pleasure .  ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location Scores,The Location of this Hotel is the Best part....  Not that the Hotel is Bad though...  Neat Rooms and very comfortable Beds....  The Breakfast Buffet Spread is Fantastic with varied options...  The Tube Stations are just a Stones Throw away which is a Killer...  Another important point is that Paddington Station is just about 4 Minutes walk with Luggage as well....  The connectivity from Heathrow to Paddington is fantastic....  On the whole it is a much recommended place.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fab family weekend in london,"This was a surprise 70th birthday gift to husband for 11 family members, including sons,wives,fiancé, and 5 grandchildren, wow, what a lovely time was had by all.  Lovely memories to cherish, not only for old folks but youngsters also ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, service, and room","Stayed here for the night and enjoyed a wonderful experience. It's very brutalist architecture, but still feels very welcoming. The front desk staff, breakfast staff, and others were very attentive and helpful. The room was comfortable, light, and was rather large for London hotel rooms! Very convenient location next to the Tube.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great time in London, good location","I was there around 10:30am and got a room, great since I had a long fly with my kids too. My room was in the 5th floor, which all the rooms start. The receptionist told me that it was the best he could do since I was getting an early check-in. I hope one day, we can chose our rooms as we choose our plane seats. We never really know what is available.  The west wing has nice rooms, the lobby has nice restaurants and bars. Internet is free in the lobby. I'm a HHilton member but since I did not book it thu them I was told that I was not getting internet in the room. The room was done some days better than others.  Very close to Edgware station, which takes you everywhere. 10 min, walking form Paddington Station which is great if you take the Heathrow express (15min. ride). Nice…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Nice,"We stayed here in May 2016, it is in a fab location 2 mins from the tub of Edgware station, you just walk out of the tube and right in front  of you is the hotel - it was heaven when we saw the hotel was so close.  Right next to the hotel is an M and S store too which was very handy.  a fifteen min walk from the hotel was Hyde Park where you could go to Princess Diana's memorial fountain,  This I must to see it was lovely and we along with many others enjoyed the time there.  This hotel is in a very good position.  On checking in it was smooth and easy the staff were so welcoming, they explained every thing to us.  They have a grand piano, shops bars and much more.  Our room was modern and comfortable, we had access to the executive lounge what can I say this was perfect nice…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"Great hotel, it was more than I expected. The room was lovely with a comfortable bed and the view we had from the room was amazing. Staff was really helpful and kind. Great location and not a long walk to a tube station for example.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
2924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good value for London,"We spent 2 nights here and traveled in to Leicester Square to watch some shows. The hotel has a modern feel and I always find Hilton staff to be very professional. There are plenty of places nearby to grab coffee from or snacks and it's well located for the Edgware Rd tube stop. We arrived early and were able to check our bags in the luggage room for free. Upon return at check - in time the room was still not ready so we received a complimentary upgrade - I can't complain about that!   The only downside was that we had planned to go swimming on the morning we were leaving but the pool was not in use due to the filter being broken. It seemed it had been an issue for a number of days, but no one told us at check in and we saw nothing in reception saying so, we only found out via a…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
2925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect location great hotel,We stayed here for 3 nights.  Perfect location beside edge ware road tube station.  There is bus stop across the road that takes you straight into the centre of london. If you would prefer a taxi there is always one outside.  The concierge was very helpful so any questions you know where to go.  We stayed in a twin room and it was very small and so was the bathroom.  The bed was very hard.  Wooden slats as base.  The mini bar which was available was not completely stocked and we drew the receptions attention to this incase we got charged.  There were sticky marks on the drawers and a rubber band around the handle in the bathroom so housekeeping could have been better.  Great breakfast and a good choice.  Staff were friendly and efficient.  Would definitely go back but to a…,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel! ,We stayed here for a business meeting!   Bedrooms were lovely and clean. I was lucky enough to have the view of Edgware Road.   Overall the staff were very attentive and helpful and hotel is kept to a good standard.   Food was nice. The different bars ( downstairs and upstairs ) were good with lots Of different drinks on the menu.  Great location - with good rail and road links.   Over all great wee hotel and good for business events. ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, extremely convenient!","The hotel is a larger Hilton, with some great views from the upper floors. It is very conveniently located for train and tube service, and for those who enjoy walking, and easy jaunt to Hyde Park, Selfridges, Regents Park, and other attractions. Comfortable rooms, good fitness center, nice pool, and a unique restaurant on the top floor we really enjoyed!",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location - perfect ,"Stayed here for a wedding last week! Was a perfect location, the room was great and the breakfast the next day was superb!   Car parking is available on site, it costs us 20 pounds for the day. Considering how hard it is to get parking in Brighton this wasn't too bad!   Defiantly recommend this place  ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel of choice to stay when in London,"We travel to London regularly as a couple and as a family of 4 and The Hilton London Metropole is our preferred choice of hotel to say whilst in London.  This is due to the amazing family facilities that are on offer, the family rooms, queen superior rooms and the leisure facilities.  However, we tend to now have two inter-connecting rooms which are a great alternative to a family room. The hotel and rooms are always immaculate and clean, which is a credit to their housekeeping staff.  We have never had a bad meal in the Fiamma restaurant or Sports Bar, whether it be breakfast, evening meal or a bar snack.  The food is always fantastic.  But the 'jewel in the crown' for us is the wonderful and pleasant teams in the Fiamma Restaurant and Sports Bar who are always friendly and…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed room 774,"30 year ago I travelled here as a child it was immaculate a lovely memory made and kept, trying to make my son good memories we travelled here this bank holiday weekend, first impression the lift from the car park was a little dirty but I bypassed that, staff at reception excellent couldn't fault them, the whole foyer clean and smart, we then went to our room 774 the corridor leading to it I noticed splash marks on some of the doors skirting boards not to clean then we got to our room, putting photos up which I have sent to the manager, also Saturday night we requested coffee and milk with our room service it didn't arrive, so I called back down assured it would be there it arrived at 9-15 the next day, our trip to the capital was excellent we are very disappointed by this room ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to scratch,"Additional £30 on check in - company policy?! Perhaps this Hilton had its own policy. Half eaten sandwiches in the mini bar as a free snack left by previous guests, broken ice machine on 13th floor in 20*c heat and enough towels for a double room not the family room we had booked. You could learn a thing or two from a Premier Inn ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location & stay,"Stayed at the hotel for a 2 night stay with a friend and 5 year old son. The staff were very helpful and friendly and even let my son make pizzas! Great location across from Edgeware tube, 10 mins walk from Paddington station. Lovely food,  great buffet selection and children's menu in the evening. I would definitely recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the best,"Spent 5 nights here due to its proximity to Marleybone station and could not wait to leave! We were ""upgraded"" to a renewed suite that must have been the smallest room we have stayed in as far as we can remember. We strongly recommend other options nearby.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice place, good service and location.","Fast check in. Good rooms, nice staff.  Good gym and acceptable pool.  Nice Korean restaurant on top floor with a great view.  Just a 7 minute walk from Paddington Station do if the Hilton there has no rooms you can walk to this one.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Grand and beautiful Hilton but Not Ideal for Location,"This is a huge Hilton hotel even for American standards, let along London. We stayed at the newer tower and got a double queen superior room. The room was the largest I've ever stayed in Europe so that was really nice. Free in-room wi-fi was also offered so that was a big plus. The lobby is grand and spacious with friendly and efficient customer service. They also have a nice breakfast buffet. If you're not a big eater, there's also a cute French-style bakery cafe right across the street from the hotel. Now that we got the good out of the way, here comes the cons. The location really isn't ideal for tourists or avid shoppers since it is too far northwest from all the major attractions. We can't really walk to any shopping areas either. As for the hotel itself, as nice as the…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,Recently returned from a weekend break at the Hilton Metropole with my 2 adult daughters. I had booked a triple bedded room or thought I had. At check in I was told I did not have this room but one with a double and single bed. After discussion I was told the only other thing they had available was a room with 2 double beds which I reluctantly accepted. This was not ideal as neither of us wanted to share beds and also my youngest daughter is pregnant. I also then had to produce my credit card for any future expenses incurred. We left the hotel immediately after checking the room and did not return until late as we had been to the Globe Theatre. On our return I was told by the desk that we had used a variety of items from the fridge. I protested that we had not and they said it…,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok stay with teething problems,"Pros : close to central London , tube station practically opposite for bakerloo and circle line.  Room was large but this just may have been the fact we were at the end of the corridor.   Room was clean and tidy and relatively quiet considering its pretty much next to the Marylebone fly over.  Loads of choice at breakfast.  Lots of lifts.   Cons:  problems on check in saying they had no record of our booking , luckily we had paper work.  Hotel is very large so feels a bit like staying in a shopping centre.  Mini bar in room had not been restocked( not that we would have had anything from it) previous guests had left some stuff in it.  As previous reviewers have stated bed was rock hard , ok for one night but don't think I would want to be on it for more than a few days. Try to…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expensive,"Came up to London for a hospital appointment.  Expected a king expected king size bed but got 2 singles.  Room dated and bathroom small.  Bathroom tiles felt grubby and bath mat broken.  Our bill was expensive for 2 nights and disappointed to have to pay extra for breakfast.  Difficult to attract breakfast staff for tea coffee etc.  customer service could have been better, it seemed all about the money.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton vacation hotel,Another night in London and checked in to the Hilton Metropole on Edgeware road near Paddington. Hotel is on the large side and caters for the tour bus and American Tourists on organised tour. The hotel was well presented and clean the room likewise. The only down side being that there was no coffee making facility in the room which is rather disappointing when I rise at 4:45 and the breakfast is not till 6:30. ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Monster of a Hilton.. Great start point from LHR ,"This has to be the biggest Hilton in London.. Hustle and bustle, but a great location being at the end (almost) of the Heathrow Express, with great tube links right there. There are Executive Floors and lounges (for premium payers, obviously, not lowly Diamond guys like me), a huge bar with a great selection of wine, a well-equipped gym (annoyingly not open until 7am) and a breakfast room big enough to handle the influx (a reserved area for Gold/Diamond) which counts. Clearly popular with tourists and I don't blame them, it's ideal - value for money depends on the time of year and the day... ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great family room...but not family friendly,"I am in the middle of my 5 night stay at the hotel. I booked in March for an award stay in late May. I chose a 'family' room since there are 5 of us. When I went to check in online, it tried to move me to a regular 2 queen bed room. i called the hotel around 9am on the morning of our check in,  and after a LONG discussion, the man moved me a family room. Great...but when i showed up a few hours later, the nice lady at reception told me there were no family rooms available and I would have to take a different room. I explained I had called in earlier, so she went to check with her manager. Magically, a family room was made available.  It is, to be honest, one of the larger rooms I have stayed in in London.   My other complaint is the pool and the pool staff. My wife and I stopped…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better than 2014,"This time I booked King Suite under a day rate for a business meeting, as it was more cost effective than hiring a standard meeting room for the day.  At £216 it was good value.  Room was on 7th floor, so shielded from traffic noise.  Wifi was free and fast enough.    Plenty of space with a room fully separate from the bedroom for meeting, with a table that could sit four.    If this room were for an overnight stay it would be very comfortable.   Check in was swift.  It can get very busy at times.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,GREAT LOCATION - HUGE HOTEL BUT THE ROOMS ARE SMALL & TIRED.,"Having stayed at the Metropole when in London for over 20 years, it just gets bigger & busier, the recent changes to the lounge & foyer seems to be going in the wrong direction. The previous excellent Taxi drive in & revolving main entrance door from Edgware Road has now gone & you are just dropped off outside, not very appealing or pleasant if it's rainy. The hotel does offer underground parking but you will need a tiny car as they must have the smallest parking bays in London & it's expensive per hour. The location of the Hotel is excellent, the main restaurant is good for breakfast but always packed, the sports bar & lounge bar just lack atmosphere. The normal bedrooms are small & you cannot open the windows, try & upgrade if money allows, the Hotel scores on its great…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Location, Great Service","The hotel is very close to tourist attractions. It is also close to Tube station, and also Paddington station which is great if you want to catch any long distance train. great restaurant are all nearby. Access to M40 is also very easy. Staff is very helpful. The hotel has nice restaurant and facilities.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,May Bank Holiday stay,I booked this hotel through Last minute.com it was their mystery hotel package. We arrive at mid day as we had theatre tickets for 3pm so wanted to see if we could check in early. We were greeted by a very friendly member of the reservation team and they said our room was ready so we could check in. I was very impressed. The room was a nice size and comfortable. This hotel is a great option for a weekend stay and I would definitely go back.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great room,For London it was a great sizes room and the view was amazing. The service was great and staff as well. The king bed in the room was very comfortable and room service was great. Would stay here again in a heart beat. ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Gruby overpriced relic from the early 90's.,"The hotel is massive (1000 rooms) - seems chaotic, most staff are disinterested, majority of rooms and corridors seem like a relic from the early 90's and really tired - especially for the price. Some rooms have been refurbished, so reflect the early 00's. Staying with large group of people 50% of whose rooms air-con did not work. The computer system went down so people waited until past midnight to check in - we were offered a free drink as compensation - but I was told it had to be whiskey or vodka (I drink neither). Then told as it was past 23:30 and I was not a resident until I got my room I could not drink anyway. Like most Hilton's they always feel like they are trying to rip you off. Wifi did not work. Trying to think of once nice thing.... but I can't - so to sum up it…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Did not enjoy my Stay,hotel is very basic . Wi fi is pathetic . Bath room is very basic  Not good value for money I probably will not stay again and will not recommend others as well .  hotel needs up grading of rooms and bath rooms,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Dirty, Old food and scruffy towels in bathroom","This place never changes, I was left with little choice when booking 5 rooms here last week. Two of the rooms had the last residents food in the fridge which was disgusting and the stench from the fridge was awful. The bathroom towels were filthy and marked. The floor was wet outside the bathroom and the room was for a disabled guest. No bath! I spent a fortune here for 5 rooms as you can imagine. Very disappointing. On the plus side the executive lounge is nice and the food was good.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Noisy elevators kept us awake,"Was given a deluxe room in the tower suite - smaller than a Travelodge and the elevators were noisy, keeping us awake most of the night. The bathroom was extraordinarily small. The air con would not turn down so it was also hot. Paid extra for breakfast and  the food was lovely but the staff could do with some customer service training. The reception staff, on the other hand were lovely and friendly. One of the reasons we booked was because there was a pool but when we arrived we were told it was closed  for repairs. Bit of a disaster really. Will book at Travelodge or premier inn next time.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A good place to stay,"I've stayed here a few times now on business and found the hotel to be really good.  The room was nicely decorated, spacious, comfortable King size bed and I had two of them!  The bathroom was fine, neat and clean - but the whole room felt like you could easily stay a week in here on business and not mind working from the room.     The large floor to ceiling window also made the room feel spacious, light and airy and all the amenities were great.  It's nice to have a hotel with an iron and ironing board in!  The mini-bar had a range of drinks and snacks and was well stocked.  There are quite a few hotels who don't even bother filling up the mini-bar.   Room service was fine, a reasonable range of food and beverages and while I did try the food for one night, there were plenty of…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,Stayed here several times: but this time was disappointing. On arrival was told the pool was out of use but could use one 7 minutes away. Staying with 2 children who where very disappointed as this was the main reason we chose this hotel. The receptionist informed us that it was on the website.... But everyone checks the websites daily for updates right? And we had even phoned up the day before and nothing was mentioned!  We stayed in a suite in the west wing. Room was lovely and spacious- bathrooms needed updating and no sign of robes/slippers. We where woken several times during the night to people running up and down the corridor! Do no recommend!,Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better than expected,"I was hesitant to book here as I have not had much luck with big hotels in London. However, it was close to Paddington station, which is what I needed. My short stay was a pleasant surprise - very friendly welcome, spacious room, excellent service in the bar and a wonderful included breakfast. The only sour note was that my room stank strongly of cigarette smoke, despite this being a non-smoking hotel and signs everywhere exhorting guests to report smokers. There is no way the housekeeper who prepared my room would not have smelt this smoke, yet the room was not aired or sprayed. I rang Housekeeping three times to ask them to spray the room and no one ever came. It's always a hassle having to change rooms, so perhaps the Hilton Metropole should work on bringing their poor…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another successful stay at the Metropole,"Having stayed at Hiltons all around the world, it is always a pleasure to return to the Met. Even though it is one of the largest and busiest hotels at Hilton operate, it still manages to make you feel welcome and valued as a guest. As a Hilton Diamond member, the extras offered are an additional bonus.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid the old tower.,Had an interrupted sleep due to elevators clanging through the night. Room was also shabby...felt like a time trip to 1990! Have previously stayed in refurbished rooms - worth the effort to get one. Bar area is now much better - watch out though as this place ain't cheap!,Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Functional Hotel for the price you pay,"Given the Hilton brand, one does have certain expectations. I stayed at the newer West Wing, located at the far end right of the hotel away from the lobby. The room I was allocated was spacious with a double bed. Furnishings were what you expect of a Hilton branded hotel. The breakfast was standard fare - I went for the chef-cooked omelette and fruits. On the top floor is a newly opened Japanese-Korean fusion restaurant - the menu sounds quite underwhelming, although you can get rather great views from the window. What's great about Hilton Metropole is not so much the hotel itself but the location - it is right next to 2 subway stations and you can get to anywhere in London very easily. It is also a short 5 minutes cab ride to Paddington station where you can catch the Heathrow…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,Excellent Location coupled with great service and courteous management. Its a must visit and food is also good. Best part is location is very convenient to visit any main tourist place of Cologne. Recommended,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Top Notch!,"They spoil you in this place - from the buffet breakfast, to the doting and 'sir' and 'mam' - you feel like royalty.  I normally get really uncomfortable in places like this, but the staff there are so endearing I wish I had enough 50 pound notes to tip everyone!  ATTENTION MANAGEMENT: Give all your staff a raise immediately!",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, OK room","Stayed 3 nights in room that needs updating in Tower.  Main floor lobby & restaurants are beautiful however our 12th floor room just ok.  Clean but needs some TLC. The bed was king-size but felt like 4 inch mattress sitting on wooden frame.  I like firm so it was fine for me.  Staff were very attentive, friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, friendly for a large hotel","The hotel was busy but the check in staff, bar staff and everyone else are friendly and that makes for a less stressful Central London experience than might otherwise be the case.  It is a large hotel but that means you can get some good rates at some times of the year because they will try to fill it.  Walking distance from Paddington and so much more.  Rooms and facilities are absolutely fine.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hr. Juhl,"Since we booked this hotel in march, our 2 kids have talked and talked about the pool! Thats why we booked this place... But 24 hours before we arrived, the pool went ""bad"" they told us 4 hours after we tjecked in! We should have booked different",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lovely stay, good location","Stopped here on 6th May for one night with hubby and teenage children for hubby's 50th birthday. Had a free room upgrade and after 10 minutes in room the staff brought a birthday cake, this was delicious! Room was very clean and spacious. Breakfast was lovely and there was plenty of choice. Hotel is across the road from a tube station which was convenient.  I would definitely stop here again when visiting London.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Good Weekend,We stayed in the Hilton Metropole for 2 nights (Fri & Sat) and would definitely go back. The hotel is very central and 2 minute walk from tube line with easy access to all local attractions and areas.  Hotel was comfortable and clean with a good sized room.  We didn't eat in the hotel but menu's looked good but maybe a bit pricey!  We got upgraded to the executive floor with access to the lounge - they don't make it easy to find the lounge as it isn't on the same floor as your room - never quite got there!  All in all a very pleasant trip and we will be back in the future,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Screen Nation TV & Film Awards,"The best Red Carpet Awards Dinner for years, typical of a high end awards dinner, with  wonderful people, celebrities from UK TV & Film at a great hotel. Great food and entertainment, bumped into lots of friends. Looking forward to next year, maybe I might get an award! :)",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location but impersonal,"On a recent business trip, my husband was put up at this hotel. The location was very convenient for public transport; the room was clean and spacious. But it's a huge, impersonal hotel, over-run with kids. The breakfast was not impressive - crowded dining room, indifferent food (as one would expect when trying to feed that many people). We had a meal in the bar one evening, and it was equally unimpressive. Fortunately there are lots of lovely Lebanese restaurants close by. We were there during a rare hot spell in early May, and the air conditioning was not yet functional, so they lose points on that as well.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Left through the fire exit.....!!!!!!,"Arriving at the hotel felt great and welcoming. The receptionists were very efficient and made me feel very welcome. The hotel is off enormous size and proportion and naturally very busy so the long wait did not bother me in the slightest. Checking in delivered no problems nor did finding our room cause there is two tower blocks. The room that I was allocated had amazing views over Wembley and I was thrilled. On inspecting the room there was a few knocks, dents and chips on furniture here and there. Nothing to major. The view the hotel entitled me too over Wembley in the evening was purely magical and spectacular.   The next day I woke up seemingly excited and rearing to go for my second day in London. Leaving the room in a very good mood and began heading to the lift to head…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
2967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Exec. Team,I would like to thank all of the staff in Hilton London Metropole For such an atmosphere created by there warm welcoming on arrival Tony and Carlos are exceptional at all times even after 30 years of service The Exec Lounge has given such an experience to all Gold and Diamond Members on arrival. Creates an excellent Guedt relationship Shadi Atalla and Team deserve to be the best rated Lounge worldwide Hope Hilton  owners appreciate the tough Job in caring for all Customer problems each day Keep it up Paul Ivakina-Bainbridge,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, but not 5 star","Location is good for travellers coming from Heathrow, since it´s close to Paddington Station. There is also a Mark Spencers and a Metro Station in front of the hotel. The lobby is very nice with some good lounge options to host short meetings. Executive Lounge in the 2nd floor is big but crowded. However, got great attention for my Gluten Free food from their team! Thums up! For the rooms, ask for the renovated. They are small, but nice setting. Nothing special, but good enough for few days. My wife is pregnant and we had special attention from the room service team. Pool is very nice and can get noisy when they host kid classes. Internet is free with HHonors. Overall a good experience.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location needs a refit,Rooms very tired water pressure poor. Air con non existent carpets smell old  tried to use stairs as lifts busy only to find you couldn't get out at ground level  great location but a tad pricey for what you get. Got to Canary Wharf for a better experience but you will have a bit if travel on the dlr to get into town ,Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A business hotel...for families,"First I should mention that my room and meals were paid-for so I only paid for my extras - i.e. drinks. On that measure, though, I'd warn guests to beware of hidden charges or, if you're feeling harsh, rip-offs. For example, a pint of Stella in the lobby bar is £5. Reasonable for central London. But checking my receipt, I noticed ""Opt 10% Srv Chrg £0.50"". That's right: an ""optional"" service charge of 50p added without giving me the option. Considering that the member of staff serving me only had to stick a glass under a beer pump and flick the tap on, I don't consider a service charge to be appropriate. What next? A 10% service charge levied at my local supermarket checkout? They do as much to earn it as this hotel barman. Anyway, moving on...I expected this hotel to be full of…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,M,Perfect location!!!!! Next to underground station Friendly and helpfull staff!!!!! Clean !!!!!!! Excelent breakfast!!!!! Very good service  The only bad thing is that there is no wifi in the rooms .if you want you have to pay. Free wifi in restaurants and lobby,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large rooms, best view of London","The Hilton Metropole is my Hotel of choice in London. This time I brought the family and they were marvelled at the hotel experience as a whole. Breakfast was great. The swimming pool was brilliant. The room view was the best view of London, bar none. Finally, location location, location: Right by Paddington, Hyde Park, The Palace, and all that Jazz.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,City break,"The hotel was perfect, great location, very clean. We had a family room which was spacious enough for 3 adults & 2 teenagers. It had 2 double beds & a pull out sofa. The pull out sofa was not very comfortable when pulled out but fine to sleep on in sofa format. The breakfast was very good but can be very busy so go early. We ate in the bar after check in& the food was good. The staff were very helpful & welcoming. The wifi coverage was not great. Overall I would recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break in London,"Got a good deal and had a Tower room, offered an upgrade for a decent price but declined. The room we had was a fair size and spotless. Nice gym, pool, steam room on the second floor. Really great location for Paddington station (5 minute walk), Edgware Road underground station is opposite.  Very friendly and helpful Dutch man on the check-in desk.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Adequate.,"Rooms were clean, and generally OK. Restaurant moderately unpleasant, with a limited range of unimpressive food for dinner. Sports bar vile, and expensive. Breakfast was quite good, though. Overall, profoundly adequate.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
2976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location ,"Stayed here on a sightseeing weekend with my wife, fantastic hotel in a great location, immediately opposite the tube station, it's spotlessly clean with great staff!  Fast and easy check in, with a number of bars and restaurants.  Plan to revisit and would highly recommend.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Over charge from hotel with out information !!!,"I spents 4 days here in the end of Mar.  When I back to Hong Kong to checked my credit card statement, I found the over charge from hotel.  The hotel never inform have the charge when I checkout.  I no information of the charge??   I send over 20 mails to customer service and attached my statement still no solution or refund within 2 months.  I am fully disappointed of the customer service.  They neversolve my problem and keep to change and change the different person to reply my mail. I suggest  everyone to check clearly the bank statement after.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
2978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, good location ",Nice hotel. Pretty good location. Walking distance from everything a London first timer would want to see. Good restaurants close. Nice staff. Ok gym. Overall nice place maybe a bit basic but has everything you need for a nice stay. Would return ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London visit,The check in was fast and ready since the rooms were pre booked. Staff were very cooperative. The location is very central. Veg breakfast was also available. Wifi should be available in rooms. Check out was hassle free. Over all a good experience and value for money. ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Awesome location, so-so accommodations","My wife and I spent two weekends here on our honeymoon in May.  Luckily we were able to check in first thing in the morning when we landed at 8:00 am so that was very nice for us.  They're also in an excellent location next to the Edgeware Road Tube stops where you can catch four different lines.  They are also walking distance from Paddington Station where you can get the express train between London and Heathrow Airport.  The first weekend we spent in their newer, recently renovated rooms.  The rooms were okay, certainly nothing to be amazed by.  The beds were very firm but the noise level was very low.  The second weekend we would have had to have paid another £20 or so each night so we declined.  The older rooms are much more dated, still not very comfortable and much…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok,"Good lobby area, staff very friendly. Long check in time. very central location, access to public transport.  Hotel rooms are worn up, badly need an upgrade. Breakfast not as fancy, but does the job. Overall an ok plan to stay. Not quite a 4 star hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Average room, but very friendly staff and service","Booked a few days in advance on priceline for this hotel and received an OK rate (GBP95).  On check-in, reception advised only rooms with single beds were available, but I could upgrade to a queen bed room for GBP20 she would give me access to the exec lounge (snacks, free drinks of an evening).  Ordinarily I would prefer a room with a queen bed, but for just one night I wasn't fussed so took the exec lounge option.  //  The room I received was small by international standards, but quite OK for London.  Decor was dated, but this was to be expected.  Room had an ""internal view of the pool"" - actually just a view of ventilation pipes and a dirty glass roof over the pool.  But once again, there for just one night and out most of the day so no matter.  //  The staff were…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average hotel average location,"I went to london on a business conference and stayed for a 3 nights.  I was in the tower wing and found the rooms to be small and the beds a bit uncomfortable.  The bathroom was also very small and everything, even the towels, look very old and worn!! The so called roof top bar of the hotel was also a disappointment as their was a complete lack of atmosphere.  Its right opposite Edgware Road station entrance and a 10 min walk from baker street and thats the only positive  Dont think its value for money for personal visits but maybe works for business events. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
2984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location for a walk around the West End,"Excellent hotel. Located atop the Edgware Road, so a saunter to Oxford Street, but although hustle and bustling, it's a bit away from the main hub. Taxi, or walk to the west end.  Clean rooms, had a suite upgrade 😎, and executive access. Enjoyed a room service breakfast, 8/10, and a late night drinking round in the Whiskey lounge. On the 8th, great views over London, and noise was not an issue. Ate in the Fusion restaurant there, which was worth visiting. Good, efficient, polite staff. Will stay again. Recommended.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but be wary.","Hotel lobby was lovely. We were given a room in the East Tower. A very strong unpleasant odour greeted us when I reached our floor. Room very tired looking, but clean. Terrible outlook. Asked for a better room and was immediately upgraded to West wing were all rooms have been renovated. Like 2 separate hotels. Beautiful view. Location of hotel is great, train station across the road.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Super Nice Staff,"The front desk staff was amazing.  Very accommodating and helpful.  The beds in the room definitely need to be updated.  The mattresses definitely need to be replaced.  The a/c unit also needs to be updated or repaired.  Could not get the room to a comfortable temperature, I can only imagine how uncomfortable this would be in the summer months. Nice location and convenient to the tube station.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really good ,Stayed the weekend for bed and breakfast while we were sight seeing so we were only here in the morning and going straight to bed after the day out. The hotel was reasonable and comfortable beds. Breakfast was lovely with plenty of choice. Plenty of staff around to help.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
2988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Averaged business hotel,"I stayed there for two nights. The hotel is very big, having three different areas. The checkin was terribly long, as we needed two executive rooms and there was only one available. After a 30 mins wait, we finished in a much better room on the house. Glad for the upgrade.   It has also different bars: Sports bar, Whiskey room, the main restaurant and a few more. It is more a business area than a hotel. The room was quiet. I'll repeat. ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or2995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok,"Stayed in one of the executive rooms. Bed was really poor and the breakfast was also poor/limited (in the executive lounge). Expected better from the Hilton brand. Normally I stay in the Hilton Wembley, which is 10x better",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
2990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One night stay.,"Hotel was very nice! Room was big enough for us 4. Although I booked for 4 guests we still had to request extra towels when we got to the room, which isn't a big deal but seems strange considering we booked for 4 adults. Very close to tube station and has its own car park which is great in the centre of London. The only thing stopping me give 5/5 is the charge for parking. £25 for 1 night is a lot!",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good Layout, convenient location.",DId a 2-day event.  Staff were all excellent.  Service very good.  Hotel is big and it's easy to get lost between the lifts - could do with some more signage. Food was great and we were very late and they still accommodated.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay - Great London Hotel,"This was the first time at this hotel and what a great stay it was, from the moment we booked and pre-arranged our room with the most helpful Customer Service Manager Sergio until we left all of the staff were so welcoming, friendly and helpful. Our large very well furnished room had two queen size beds and was very well appointed. We were informed that this is the largest Hilton Hotel in Europe and it certainly was! with a number of restaurants and bars to choose from in addition to a fitness centre and pool (free). The hotel is just across the road from Edgware Road underground station so is very central and convenient for travelling around the city. You are only approximately a 10 minute walk away from Marble Arch and the major shopping area of Oxford street and Regent street…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very pleasant stay,"I stayed at this hotel many years ago (about 15 I think), and the experience wasn't good, so it was with some uncertainty that I booked this hotel for a special weekend away in London. But I must say that everything that was bad about the previous stay had been put right. To start with, the location of this hotel is great if you are arriving at Paddington, just one quick stop on the tube and so close to both the Bakerloo and District/Circle lines. On arrival, they did ask us if we wanted to pay an extra £20 a night to get a newly refurbished room. We declined, but then they gave it to us anyway (as it was my wife's birthday, which was either very kind, or they were simply trying it on the start with). Anyway, room was nice. Not amazing, but modern, clean and pleasant - good for…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
2994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton experience ever,"Booked a king room online and checked in online but the app assigned me a twin room which I didn't know about until reached the room. That's not too bad, and couldn't be bothered going back downstairs so stayed in room. However, one of the mattresses was unbearable (rock hard and not level which I suspect is from it being used as a seat) and I swapped to the other bed at 3am. In addition the shower head would not hold in position, there is no face washer supplied and the room is so old and worn. This room was in the Tower Block.  I have stayed at this hotel before in another wing and had a much better experience. And finally on checking out there was an item on the bill from the mini bar I hadn't had. Again, that's OK, these this happen. However, instead of just updating the…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
2995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Friendly Staff and close to the tube,"This is a large hotel with the usual array of restaurants, sports bar, etc.  It is basically a block from the tube station so even though it is not next door to a lot of the tourist sites, it is still very convenient.  All of the staff were very helpful and friendly.  Far from inexpensive, but then this is London after all, and no breakfast included, but would still highly recommend it. ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic team in Executive Lounge,"Just want to say what a pleasure it is to visit the London Metropole Executive Lounge. Great team spirit and wonderful, friendly welcome and assistance from Shadi, Frankie, Michelle and of course the fabulous Krisztina and Joanna - They all deserve an award and a reward !! Great customer service",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely and relaxing,Room was clean and comfortable. The queue at breakfast was long so the staff quickly intervened and offered us to have breakfast in the west wing.Breakfast was great lots of choice and plenty of it. Staff were really helpful. As it was our anniversary the staff had left us a beautiful cake. We asked to be in one of the newly refurbished rooms and they did exactly that.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large hotel with small but pleasant pool,I liked this place. It was spacious in terms of socialising areas like bars and restaurants and was more like a village than a hotel. The room was fairly standard and I didn't have breakfast. I would only say that they shouldn't bother charging for Internet usage- it's a bit like the old days when you had to pay extra to use the hotel phone. It was a completely disproportionate charge. The pool was nice if a little small and shallow and the glass roof needed a really good clean. The gym looked ok too.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,"We spent 3 nights here with our tour group.  I can't say enough good things about our stay.  Service, food, cleanliness, location and staff was all amazing.  Would definitely stay here again and recommed it to family and friends.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel for travelers,"Clean hotel in nice area, lots of business travelers, very helpful staff.  Across the street from Marks & Spencer, a couple of interesting shops.  Taxi queue very reasonable, taxi drivers very friendly.   Accommodations were nice, everything very clean.  The breakfast buffet was the best we had on our entire trip all over europe.  Made to order omelettes.  Delicious.  Had dinner in the restaurant, also, service very good, food excellent.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"clean, friendly staff, but nothing special","Stayed here two nights on business. It's a rambling place. My room was clean and spacious and the bathroom adequate. Breakfast wasn't much - lots of it but although the eggs benedict were edible they were nothing special. Tired fruit salad. Mediocre English breakfast offerings, bacon I just didn't fancy, looked too blue. The staff were nice though - delightful service in the restaurant and at reception. One of the best things is the Marks and Spencer across the road if you have forgotten any essentials or want a reasonably priced snack. In room internet was extremely expensive.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
3002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The people made it great!,"Enjoyed this hotel very much.   Our room was missing a hair dryer....one call and it was promptly delivered.   Rooms were clean, and we slept great.   Downstairs at the ""Herb-n-Kitchen"", we met Raquel, a waitress/cashier who we got to know and appreciated very much.   She always had a friendly smile and good word for us.....which was very welcome after a long day of travel.   This is a good hotel and we liked its location too.  Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
3003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,With all considered I cannot give a better review.,Business trip. Check in and check out rather slow. Nice lobby. Very small room and bathroom but newly remodeled and clean. Was woken up in the middle of the night by a fire alarm. The emergency exits were not appropriately lighted up. Call the front desk since there was no smoke in our floor. No answer. Nobody waiting for us in the lobby. People were coming down in their night gowns from everywhere even the elevators. It almost seemed that they were not even aware of the fire alarm going on. Finally someone at the front desk told us to go back to our rooms because there was no fire to be worried about. Someone had smoked in their room on the second floor and  apparently when that happens it sets up the fire alarm in the whole tower.  ( I think something like 15 floors ). I am…,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good but not exceptional ,"I have been here for some business meetings. Good hotel close to Paddington Station. Room (at least my room) not so big, and with furnitures that show their age.  Breakfast: good quality.  Wonderful view on the city. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
3005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Anniversary 1 night stay,Staff and hotel provided a good service. From checking in to checking out was a painless experience. Hotel even provided a little surprise for us when they found out it was our Anniversary.  Breakfast was very busy but managed. Be prepared to cue at peak times.  ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel In Great Location,"Four of us stayed here for a night this weekend to celebrate a friends birthday and we were really happy with the hotel. It was large and clean and the staff were friendly and helpful. We didn't drink in the bars but we had breakfast which was filled with loads of options and everything was fresh and cooked well. The only downside was that with 4 of us in one room it was a bit small and the bathroom was tiny.  The location of the hotel is perfect, just a short walk from loads of great sights and very close to tube and rail stations. There's lots of cafes, restaurants and shops right on the doorstep and you're never far away from something to explore. We'd definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
3007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"Perfect location, 8 minute walk from Paddington Station. Staff exceptional, rooms spotless and the breakfast was wonderful. They have smoking rooms on the 1st floor which was fantastic for me. Perfect",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
3008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,An OK hotel in London....,"Great location for Paddington, great foyer for business meetings, average/poor rooms - BEDS ARE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE I'VE EXPERIENCED IN HILTON HOTEL (note to Hilton management - check out Hilton Rotterdam bed supplier), average/poor breakfast but excellent choice of food/restaurants for evening. An OK stay for business or value priced hotel in London.",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
3009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"London ,Hilton metropole","A Centrally located Hotel Near the Edgeware Underground station,we arrived late ,but our rooms were ready ,We checked in here for 8 days the Person at the desk was quick and efficient in checking in to the rooms,.The room was clean and the staff helpful,The breakfast had a lavish spread of  fresh fruit    ,cold cuts and breads .including options of juices and Hot chocolate . WIFi is free on the lobby .however not in the rooms.A nice seating area is available where you can sit and use the wifi.  The staff is very helpful .  The downside was that after a few days the housekeeping would sometimes want to clean the room at 8 am or 10 am , however they were willing to comeback later. After the room was cleaned sometimes there were no tea bags or the drinking glasses were not…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,Great location on the Circle tubeline. Very big hotel. Stayed in the Tower section. Room was large .Bathroom clean but not as large as those in the West wing. Staff were very helpful. Good place to stay for central London. Tower wing is fine but would need a bit of updating. Breakfast was self service with plenty of options. Breakfast room on first floor was more comfortable than busy restaurant on ground floor.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
3011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Stay overall,"Hotel is in a good location,  5 minute walk from Paddington Station, 15 minute walk to Hyde Park  Room was spacious,  executive lounge was excellent.  Overall Check In to Check Out was very pleasant.  Only negatives,  Wifi was fast but required login every couple hours. (Hopefully just a hiccup in the system this week)  Bed could be a bit more comfortable,  a better quality mattress would have made it a 5 Star Review  ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
3012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The good and the bad,"My wife and I stayed here two separate visits to London in April.  Our first stay room in the Tower on the 20th floor was small, cramped, old.  Bathroom supplied only one towel.  Our second stay we were in the Tower on the 18th floor.  Room had been updated and was very nice.  Breakfasts here were the best during our 12 day visit to the UK.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great welcome,"We were very satisfied by the welcome and service provided by Danial on our arrival at reception. He definitely made us feel that he cared. The room was recently refurbished, small, but clean, bright and airy. The location is brilliant, walking distance to Paddington Station, Oxford Street, Camden Town og Notting Hill",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
3014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't set expectations high,The hotel is located near paddington station on a heavily middle Easter road/area. Large hotel with most of the rooms old and inhabitable. Try to find alternate accommodation. Would like to point out the staff was very helpful. ,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
3015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel. Great Location. Excellent Staff,"My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights in April / May 2016 with our 14 year old and 11 year old. Location is excellent. Edgeware Road tube just across the road. Madam Tussauds just one stop away. Rooms are spacious, spotless and the beds were very comfortable. Despite being such a large hotel, it was very quiet and we enjoyed a good night's sleep each night. Plenty of bars and restaurants and our vegan daughter was well catered for. Breakfast was excellent and plentiful. Staff simply could not have been more helpful and we were treated like royalty. Very knowledgeable on transport and best value for money options for getting about.Lots of supermarkets nearby to stock up on snacks etc. Checking in and out was seamless and hassle free. We are regular vistiors to London and this…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Impressed,"Hotel booked for a business meeting by our booking company Inntel, midweek 1 night stay B&B £170! I've stayed in a lot of hotels for business in London, so feel qualified to be able to comment. The room is ridiculously small, terrible view, rotten bath panel and torn shower curtain. Having had my wallet stolen on the tube I was made to feel shamed because I couldn't leave a card swipe or cash when booking in, pretty poor form when all we were talking about was a tenner (as there was already a balance on the room for food) If this is what you get for your money in London you can keep it. ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
3017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole Experience,"I have stayed at the Hilton London Metropole on several occasions. It is my preferred hotel in London. The rooms are fairly small and dated, however they are clean and well kept. The views from the upper floors over the city are amazing. The staff at the hotel is really what keeps me coming back. They go out of their way to ensure that every need is taken care of. I want to particularly call out to exceptional staff member from the hotel bar, Bosco and Diana. They turned this hotel sports bar into something reminiscent of the TV show Cheers. Every time I walk in the bar, they remember my name and exactly what I want to drink. It had been a year since my last visit and you would have thought I was a regular there every week. I highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London stay,Hotel is good for business travel. Very lacking for leisure travel. No drawers for clothes..very small closet. Not very good service. Room very hot...couldn't fix it so they gave us a fan. Room was a nice size and very clean and modern.,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
3019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Refurbished by Caravan Designers,"Our room on the 16th Floor had a stunning view across London, and of course we were happy to be put in one of the refurbished rooms as opposed to the alternative.    The bathroom was of Hilton standard however sitting at the desk in the bedroom it resembled fitted furniture available in a caravan as the sofa took the form of a banquette (see my photo) and in order to maximise the room space the television sat on a thin plinth.  Spotlessly clean and a great choice at breakfast which is why I gave it the Very Good rating.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Do not stay in the standard room in the Tower,"Stayed for 2 nights of hell in April 2016. Avoid these rooms with your life. They are referred to as ""Standard"" rooms, which should have rung louder alarm bells -never heard of a ""standard"" Hilton room before, theya re always luxury or executive. Anyway, they are VERY bad, VERY dated, VERY old, VERY worn, VERY stinky rooms.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
3021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel terrible night’s sleep and very little empathy,This is the first review I have written on trip advisor however I did want to voice my concerns and as they seemed to fall on deaf ears as I checked out.  I was woken up at 03:00 by a recurring noise (Possibly the lift or Air conditioning unit).  I am normally  a very heavy sleeper so the noise was quite loud and repeated itself every 93 seconds (I know this as I recorded it on my phone).  As you will see from the phone records for the room 2220.  I phoned down to reception at 03:55 to complain about the noise and asked to move rooms the following morning.  The following morning I moved rooms to a much nicer room and the rest of my stay was fine.  I then checked out on the Friday morning and when I was asked if I had a good stay I did provide the feedback to the receptionist to…,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
3022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London weekend April 2016,"We have stayed at the Hilton Metropole London three times.Excellent location and really friendly, helpful and professional staff. Breakfast was excellent though at times the restaurant is very busy. However information on busiest and quite times was posted in all the lifts especially as it was marathon weekend. I would strongly recommend joining the Hilton honors reward scheme, because you can take advantage of great offers and rewards.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Smoking rooms,"Pros: this is one of the only hotels in the Hilton chain that offer smoking rooms.  The Waldorf and Canary Wharf does also.  It is cheaper than other Hiltons in London, by quite a long chalk. If you are a diamond, the exec lounge is hard work, constantly full with people queueing for seats.  If you have come here because you are a smoker expect a room on the top floor that you can't swing a cat in and has the sound of the lifts going up and down (the price you pay - so fair enough).  The queues for check in are the slowest of all Hiltons in London.  In fairness to them, they have made a fast queue breakfast area that is for diamonds.  The rooms are quite tired.  If you are not a smoker, Bankside Hilton is everything this is not.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
3024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Satisfied customer,"Great staff and ideal location.  The hotel offers a good standard of accommodation.  Personally like using Hilton as you know you are assured a good standard.  And wasn't disappointed, will definitely use this hotel again. ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A stay without the headaches,"For the value and the amenities and service I got out of it, this was definitely worth it for me. I needed a place to study for a few days whilst in London. The room was larger than what I had expected plus there were other spaces in the hotel where I was able to relax and read if I wanted to step out of the room for a bit. The room service helped me for any late night snacking I wanted to do. And the breakfast buffet was cherry and delicious. Taxis outside and a tube station close by. It was so helpful for me personally because I was able to just concentrate on studying and didn't have to worry if I forgot something or needed help. For the price, the value was worth it for me. If you don't mind the price and just don't want to deal with any headaches, this is the place to stay.…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"We have stayed in this Hilton several times over the years; however, this time with the entrance and lobby renovations completed; I can only give it an excellent rating. The new loby is superb and the family rooms are very well proportioned. One of the main pros of this hotel is that it is in a walking distance from everything in London. As for the cons, the only one I can think of is that the parking tariff is slightly high (£30/day); but the nearby NCP on Edgware road is a good option.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton metropole,The booking process was done by a third party; gta . However the rooms were old and cramped and would have spoiled my family vacation.  Therefore I upgraded both the rooms by paying 60 pound per night per room and this was excess facility for 4 of us. 2 adult and 2 young adults required only one large size room maybe 1 king superior.   Since booking was done not in hilton website they didn't allow me to modify original booking.  I strongly suggest to give facilities to change original booking as per requirements of the client.   Also please stop booking in the old block and renovate immediately.  This will improve client satisfaction and increase hIlton brand value and reputation. ,Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
3028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Always stays at this hotel,"I still like this hotel compared to others. its location makes it the best in London. As it is a walking distant from Padingnton  station ( to get from Heathrow ). Further, it is close proximity to edgware road station makes accessing other part of London easier.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Improvement on previous stay,"Ambience of room much better, with good lighting, adequate power sockets, air conditioning in working order and a spacious room. Quiet, being on the 12th floor. Compact but adequate bathroom. Breakfast was busy even before 7am, but good and plentiful variety of food, hot and cold, available. Staff experience much better this time too. I will consider using this hotel again in future as it is in a good location.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Quality Hotel,"Just what you'd expect from the Hilton chain Quality executive floor , decent pool and gym Great Hilton Buffet breakfast Central enough to get anywhere you want  I've stayed here quite a few times and it's never let me down Some of the other London Hiltons are more luxurious but are pricier",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and helpful staff,"The hotel is conveniently located in London and is only about 5-7 mins walk from the Paddington train station (if you take the high-speed train from Heathrow, that's where you'll end up), and 2 mins from the Edgware Underground (Tube) station. There are also bus stop in front of the hotel that can take you downtown. A number of boutique and fastfood restaurants are located within 5 mins walk from the hotel. The hotel itself is quite nice, though my room seemed a bit outdated. As a Diamond member of Hilton, I got some great perks such as access to the executive lounge where snacks and drinks (including alcohol) were served and free internet access. Hotel staff were generally very nice and helpful, especially the front desk and house-keeping (the concierge was so-so but it could…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,4 days business stay,"The good thing about the hotel is proximity to Paddington station, a 10 min walk from where you can connect direct to Heathrow. Good bus connections as well to Euston station (about 20 mins) and 2 min walk from Edgeware road tube station. Friendly and helpful people. Rooms are small though especially the twin rooms. Given this is central London it is expected.Lots of restaurants nearby which serve inexpensive english breakfast. Rates can vary signifciantly but book directly on the website",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect location and great food,"Me and my son were there for few days and we had  incredible time in this hotel. Perfect location, easy access to Underground, shopping, walk distance to Oxford street. Very friendly staff and clean rooms. Breakfast was the best!!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable Hotel,"Our family room had 2 queen size beds very comfortable, the staff are very friendly and helpful, the swimming pool was a bonus for my teenage son. The executive lounge had a good selection of snacks and drinks, we had an early train to catch and was unable to have breakfast but was supplied with a packed one. Will use again next time in London.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Amazing lobby, helpful staff, outdated rooms","We only spent a night at this property which is a short walk from Paddington station. The lobby was very clean, modern, and somewhat posh looking. However, once we got into the room, it was a slightly different story. The rooms were certainly ok, clean, and small, to be expected, however the décor just seemed dated. It wasn't bad, but didn't fit in with what we had seen in the lobby.  Overall wasn't bad for a night or two, however I'd consider a different hotel if I were staying longer.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
3036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One word - poor,"The only thing good about this hotel is the reception staff, (when you actually get to speak to one).  I could write an essay, but in general, take note of the following points:  1/ Poor service throughout 2/ Even though I booked a non-smoking king room way in advance, upon check in, I was offered a smoking room or a twin room with two single beds. After I complained, by a miracle, they suddenly had a room I had booked  3/ Expensive, (even for London) 4/ If you like orange and brown, this is for you, 1970s decor 5/ Throughout the week, not cleaned or serviced properly. No clean sheets and the minibar has clearly not been opened by service staff for quite some time as there were left overs. 6/ Poor shower output 7/ Tv doesn't work, if it does, then maximum volume is the default,…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
3037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,American BusinessPerson in London,"Stayed in London for 3 weeks in February for business. Great hotel, friendly staff, clean facilities, awesome location. Major metro stations in walking distance to almost every area. Hotel staff was very friendly, including the bell staff. Appreciate the energy and atmosphere of this site. Plus great view of the London eye and downtown from my room.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect location in London with great assets!,"The hotel is 10 minute walk from Paddington Station and has easy access to the  underground Edgware Road (Bakerloo/City/District and Hamersmith lines) and buses which are just across the street. The hotel has some nice facilities: Swimming pool (is nice but can be busy), shop, more than one point to eat. Breakfast up to 8.30 am during weekends are good, after that it can be very busy. Marks & Spencer is just across the road. The St. Mary Hospital is nearby, beware if you are not used to sleep in a city it can sometimes be disturbing with ambulance alarms going of once in a while. A winner is without doubt the cocktails at the Edg: the espresso martini are just excellent!",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok for sleeping great for food on the 23rd ,"Hotel is a predictable as any Hilton, gym bit tired, pool ok. But their Korean restaurant on the top floor is awesome, creative nice and of course excellent food.   So have your sleep but head straight up there for dinner!   There are some restaurants downstairs but not the same thing... ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,Very nice place.. Good for shopping.. Very close to the tube stations.. Easy for traveling..   Well trained responsible staff.. It took sometime at the checkout. Other than that everything was very smooth and good.   Will come again........,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My stay at Hilton London Metropole,Recently I stayed at this hotel for one night for business and must say I was as always very impressed and happy with the accommodation. My stay was most pleasant in all ways! The staff were very friendly and nothing was a problem for them. The service was great!,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,GOOD HOTEL BUT ITS ESSENTIAL TO BOOK EXECUTIVE ROOM IN WEST WING,We stayed here  in March 2016 the extra £ 45 to upgrade to executive room was well worth it I would say essential .You get access to the Executive Lounge which means you get a really good continental breakfast and lots of other pluses . DO NOT BOOK STANDARD. Also ask for a room in the West wing on higher floors  say 7 0r six also say you want a renovated room.  The hotels location is excellent for west London. The room price is about £ 150 + but this is London nothing is cheap at least you have a good    hotel better than Hilton Paddington.  Service very good .,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Metropole,I loved my stay at this hotel. V peaceful and clean as well as comfortable. Great location beside a tube which is what you want for London. Will definitely be back! Beautiful interior as well with lots of facilities and a swimming pool.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend visitor,"Superb Hotel reasonably located with nearby public transport links. Staff excellent and we were given an excellent room. For value for money take the B&B option and enjoy the facilities. Hilton standards are without doubt for other Hotel chains to strive for, thank hilton another enjoyable stay!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location & stay,"Rooms were little small, actually the room in which I stayed was cozy but my other colleagues room were spacious. Location is awesome, almost in central London, we have a Edgware Road tube station down the road, one of the biggest public park ""Hyde Park"" is just 10min walk, shopping area and other attaractions are near by as well.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Impressive hotel,On our second stay at the Metropole the high expectations formed on our first visit were definitely met. The superb standards of decor and cleanliness are constant throughout this large and impressive hotel. The staff are always remarkably cheerful and helpful at all levels. Our room was faultless... and I am good at finding faults! Breakfast was lovely and very well managed by capable staff to cope with the high volume of guests in a totally organised manner. Massive choice at breakfast as is the Hilton way but no mushrooms.... the only fault I can find! Overall superb !,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay,"We stayed for Valentine's day and the check in experience was outstanding thanks to Debora. She made us feel welcome and helped us throughout all the stay. The hotel is really beautiful, it's huge but has also personal touch with many restaurants, pool and an amazing breakfast. Definitely worth to visit again.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Impossibly bland,"The lifts, shower, and wifi are all impossibly slow.  The TV is rubbish. Breakfasts are fine as long as you want to stink of cooking for the rest of the day.  I have nothing else to say. It's so bland there is nothing else. Except watching the traffic jam on the A40. That's about as memorable as this hotel gets. ",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
3049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay - small room,"Stayed here last weekend with my partner, our room was not ready by the supposed 3pm check in time, so we had to wait, and when we did get to our room (which was supposedly an upgraded deluxe queen room) it was tiny. It was very nice, and very clean it was just so small, I wouldn't like to think of what a standard room would have been like. Unfortunately we didn't get a chance to visit the pool area as there were swimming lessons being held on the Sunday morning but it looked really nice. The bar area is beautifully decorated. And a special thanks to Daniel who checked us out in the morning, he was very helpful at suggesting things we would do for the day and was very professional. Overall we would stay again. ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Worst hotel i have ever been in..service poor,  was waiting forva room for 8 hours without updates, heater wasnt working","Worst hotel i have ever been in..service poor,  was waiting forva room for 8 hours without updates, heater wasnt working and it took maintenance 2 hours to get to me. Said it was fixed but it wasn't. Breakfast was good and staff in the restaurant was great and its the only positive thing i can say about the hotel.  I have come from the middle east and stayed in hotels and was disappointed as this i thought was the west end and a hotel in this location with foreigners visiting should be a great experience",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
3051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,"We had a great stay at this hotel! the room was nice and had a descent size for the two of us and all of our shopping bags(twin room with queen beds) The distance to Oxford Street was not to far so we could walk there when we wanted, and it's close to Paddington station so we could walk there as well. The breakfast buffet was amazing, it had everything we wanted and then some!  Very friendly and helpfull staff, at the reception, breakfast buffet and at the gym, so we would definately recomend this hotel, and next time I'm in London I will book here again.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Meh....,"I was excited to be staying at this hotel for my trip to London. We booked 1 week at this hotel. From pics online, it looked really good.  Unfortunately, the room was cold even after we asked them to fix the heating.  Breakfast was cold. The only good thing was my coffee.  The bathroom wasn't upto the standards they say as there was mould in mine. ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent ,family visit for 4 nights excellent location close to public transportation  room was clean staff friendly  first night our family room was not available they provided proper accommodation and offered free dinner for family as apology . gym/ pool/ and sauna . also nice restaurant and many amenities highly recommend . I will give rating 4 and half star . ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Leisure trip,Very nice hotel lovely staff helpful and friendly the pool was a bit cold couldn't fault it otherwise great selection for breakfast and the tube is just around the corner the room was a good size for a family of 5 ,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never Going to Book here again!!,"We booked this hotel for next weekend about over two weeks ago. When we booked we were told that we could have the Breakfast or not at later date and it would be taken of the price , should we change our minds. Since booking we have changed our minds , as found out was only a  Continental Breakfast. We phoned them and we were told no we cannot take it off the price and it would cost even more !!!!  Not impressed having been told different! We have cancelled altogether , and will not be booking again! May seem trivial but its false information.Disgusted.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
3056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bad nights sleep,"It started so well!  The hotel looked great and when I requested a quiet room I was given a free upgrade on a high floor, which was nice and big however it was a room designed with disabled access and I was too tall for the shower, still this was the least of my worries!  I booked this hotel as I had a conference here the following morning and was faced with the prospect of getting up at 4.30am for the drive down to London, so treated myself to an overnight stay thinking I'd be fresh for the day instead.  However at 4am I was awoken by a loud clicking sound which occurred every few seconds, I had no clue what it was and tried in vain to get back to sleep unsuccessfully.  Eventually I had to put the light on and go around the room until I discovered it was in fact the mini bar…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
3057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel ,"Great hotel with easy access into the heart of London,only 4 stops from Piccadilly on the bakerloo line. Big hotel and quite pricey inside ,1 lager and a glass of wine in the sports bar was £16. But we only used it as a place to sleep, rooms were nice all clean would stay again,easy access from Marylebone station to we walked it in 5 mins ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Stay At Hilton London Metropole,"As a family of 5 finding a hotel that will accommodate us all to stay in one room is rather difficult.  The London Metropole however has this at affordable prices and large rooms that allow you to relax. Very good experience, would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor treatment of loyal Hilton members at this hotel,"For the second time running they tried to put me in the Tower ! This block of rooms is undergoing refurbishment but the rooms are noisy dated and not clean. This time I stated at check in that this was not acceptable. I stay over 30 times a year with Hilton and this hotel has poor recognition for loyal Hilton customers. The exec lounge has good food and drinks but simply too few tables for the numbers of customers, It is all too frequent to see people wandering round trying to find a seat.",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
3060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Clean wonderful place to stay,My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights and toured London and we called this home while we were there; and it felt like home. It was clean; the staff was very professional and the breakfast each morning was totally magnificent. The restaurant staff did a 100% top job; and we had one evening meal there that was equally as good. The concierge's also were a big help to us. We wish to go to London again in several years; and would without a doubt stay there again.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,excellent after refurb,"A lot of building work over last years and showing great results now. Excellent rooms and fine lobby area. !,000 rooms but manages to keep the personal touch too. So handy - a few steps from Edgeware Road tube.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Thankyou!!,"We was staying at the Hilton for four nights, we went for my daughters birthday who was turning sixteen. Unfortunately when we got there my daughter ended up not feeling to good, we asked for advice from the staff working there and they were brilliant! They gave us advice on what it could be and helped the best they could. Throughout our stay they kept enquiring how my daughter was. Also the cleaners were great! Such a big hotel with many guest, they still had made the time to see how my daughter was and if there was anything they could do. Other than my daughter not feeling to good, we all had a pleasant and enjoyable time at the Hilton. Definatly will be going back!! ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel to visit London on business or leisure ,"We stayed in this hotel in mid April. There were four of us - two adults and two kids on a weekend break. We were allocated a Queen Premium room with two large double beds and all the room amenities you would expect from a large Hilton in a major capital city. This is a large property with a wide selection of facilities including a small indoor pool, a gym, a sauna and steam room. It's also got a couple of restaurants, cafe and bars. As a Diamond member, we had use of the Executive Lounge as an added bonus. The hotel is well placed for Paddington Station (for the Heathrow Express) and three Tube (metro) lines. There are plenty of eating places nearby and Marble Arch and the start of Oxford Street are less than 10 mins walk away.   The staff were pleasant and helpful and…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Back to the bad old metropole experience,"I have come to the conclusion that metropole and Hilton should not be used in the same sentence. My upgrade, being a diamond member was depressing  - in fact I'm actually not sure I got one, a bigger bed perhaps, but the re furnished room was tiny and hot. Granted it was clean and suitably furnished in ikea flat packs... No mini bar, just a fridge and a few token toiletries flung into the tiny 'bathroom'. The TV showed ghostly like images with a faulty remote to control. I get free access to the exec lounge - a saving grace, but I did see lots and lots of people desperately trying to find somewhere to sit and frankly question how on earth half of them were entitled to be there... Not the usual calm and solitude as associated with let's say the Waldorf (a few stays ago) but a…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
3065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Me And my Family loved it,"I've been here with my family for a weekend and we loved it. The building was really nice and clean, the employees at the front desk were helpful and polite. I think the best part was the breakfast, the buffet was amazing and there was a lot of different food. The room was clean and comfortable. The hotel was close to the underground making it easy to go downtown.  ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It's London. ,"as with anything in London, it's insanely overpriced. We asked for a nonsmoking room and they did put us in one...that hadn't been smoked in in what smelled like about 12 hours. Beside that, it was fine a but that made it really hard to spend any extended time there. Impossible, almost.  Convenient location made it almost worth that asinine price, though. Two blocks from an underground stop.  If we return to London, I'll probably seek it out - if i have free Hilton nights. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
3067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Spotless,"Great hotel, lots of facilities, great location right next to subway, close to the center and Paddington station. Nice lounge, good food and nice bar,. Staff is always really helpful and serviceminded",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,I was apprehensive to say the least when booking this hotel but to my surprise it was really good. Arrived about 4.30 room was not available offered a complimentary drink whilst we waited.  Within 10 min we were given a upgraded room with free wifi. I forgot to order breakfast in bed call reception and arrange it  Service I can not fault and rooms were well appointed and clean Only downside we had a shower no bath  I would stay here again and the deal we got was competitive.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One night is more than enough,"Room is old, tired and in need of refurb Bed is past it and needs replacing. Both hard and soft , basically worn out Bathroom mould, peeling paint, tiny Window ledge, nasty fly things(droppings?)   Best of all room service: someone had had a go at pre-eating my ice cream sweet...nasty. Sent it back , got no apology. Really makes you wonder about the kitchen processes ......  Long wait to check-in. Again no apology.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
3070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Fantastic Location,"Check in was great, the receptionist Celine was very professional, helpful and polite.  She made the process pleasant and dispatched me to my room quickly.  The room allocated was very tired and dark.  The view was horrendous.  I went back to the reception and Celine quickly rearranged me a better room on a better floor with a great view over the skyline of London.  The stay was pleasant, the location is good, close to the Underground and walking distance to Oxford Street.   The hotel was very busy, but due to the it's size there are plenty of places to go to escape the hustle and bustle.  Overall, a good hotel in a great location with good facilities.  I will stay again on my next trip.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very good location, great service, but £15 a night for wifi!","I'm working in London for 3 days a week for the next few months and I've been trying out a different hotel each week. It's proving to be quite an interesting experiment as I find the best last minute deal I can for my budget of £120 per night or less.  This hotel was ok, my room was on the 20th floor of the Tower Wing.  Reception is a little slow and laborious but once you get your room card the hotel is good, it has a number of restaurants, cafes and bars and a little shop, which is great if you're travelling on your own as I am.  The room was comfortable, great bed, tea, coffee, biscuits etc. The TV channels were very limited so I ended up watching Netflix on my laptop, but I thought that £15 for 24 hours of wifi was quite steep, particularly as I was staying for 2 nights. …",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I wish I were at Sheraton Park Tower.,"Located in Lebanese neighborhood near Subway station. Waitrose (Supermarket) and McDonald are a few blocks away, Mark & Spencer (Department store with food section) is across the hotel.  Many Lebanese restaurants around.  I have stayed at this hotel more than two dozen times in last two years but not even once I've got a room in which everything works.  Sometimes A/C not working, other times no hot water or slow drain.  In most rooms, electric outlets for shaver are not marked or worn off and you don't know which are 110V and 220V. I don't want to take chances, so I make sure my shaver is fully charged before I stay here.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
3073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very large very average,"Only the excellent breakfast saved a lower score. This very large hotel has a very impersonal feel unfortunately not made up by the accommodation. The executive room gave access to the lounge which was fine but the room itself had major shortcomings and do not like to contemplate the standard rooms. The room was large as was the bathroom. However, the bed frame creaked on every movement, the airconditioning had very limited temperature control and the bathroom decor was very dated. There was no bathrobe or mineral water, normally standard for exec rooms and the toiletries were those found in every Hilton, not the ones often in exec rooms. There were no plug sockets by the bed and it felt in need of modernisation. Stayed at the Doubletree Tower 3 days earlier which was infinitely…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
3074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel with attentive staff,"Visited London and stayed at this fabulous hotel. Helpful and attentive staff, especially the staff at Herbs & Kitchen. I would recommend staying at this hotel. If ever I'm going to London again, no doubt I'll be staying in this great hotel.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good but could have been better,"Good things first: the check-in was really easy, fast and the receptionist was very polite and friendly. We received a room on the 12th floor in the west wing. The double queen size beds are extremely comfortable. All hotel staff members where nice and friendly. We liked the little lights around the bed frames so you still see at night time without an annoying lamp. the concierge desk was usually busy but they gave good recommendatons. It is good that they have an atm and shop in the hotel if you need anything. Not so good things: I did not enjoy the food in the hotel. breakfast was typical Hilton standars which is fine but the egg options where just horrible. I tried boilded, scrambled and fried egg and i didnt like one of them. Thankfully they also prepare fresh things so the…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
3076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just keeps getting even better!,"I've stayed in the Metropole for more years than I care to remember, and I find now that every time I return that the very good it is getting better! Points this time are: a) an excellent welcome from Daniel on reception b) a very good system for catering for large numbers at breakfast has been established - now eliminating the long queues which I recall on early visits c) A good number of well trained and pleasant staff to assist residents - nothing was a problem to them.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It's a good hotel,I read bad reviews of this hotel. However it's nice. Not 4 stars but it was clean and had a decent breakfast which I would suggest adding on to your hotel when booking. It's much cheaper that way. The hotel has a gift shop 4 restaurants. The area around is a little weird. Not many pubs all middle eastern cuisine. Tube was nearby and not too hard to get to Heathrow from it. One train change. They did have 2 double bed rooms which is hard to find for family traveling. Also we found our room very clean! We also stayed in Camden Holiday inn which was less expensive and more fun!,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel ,"Had a 3 night stay,  was lucky to get the newly renovated rooms,  clean and comfortable.  Shower was a huge disappointment,  such low power stream in the shower caused me to take a bath instead of a shower. Location is OK,  near a tube station and close to the huge Paddington station so easy to get from the airport.  Breakfast was typical UK spread,  good hotel bar if the rain is to strong to leave the hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok for families ,"Stayed one night for business but brought family with me, check in was fairly quick- wifi wasn't explained but we were told to buy breakfast vouchers (as it wasn't included in our hotel rate) at reception rather then the restaurant as it was cheaper. It's a pretty large hotel with different wings, just over the road from Edgware tube- so you can be at Oxford Circus on the tube within 6 mins and a half hour walk to natural history across Hyde park.  Across the road is a Valerie patisserie who also do cooked breakfast much cheaper than the price of the Hilton breakfast. And you can just buy the kids what they want rather than fork out £12 for them only to half eat a croissant. Had great service at the bar from a young lady called Julia- she was very sweet with the kids. Huge…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
3080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very centrally located,"Our room was decent, we didn't actually  spend a lot of time there. The rooms were cleaned everyday, The continental breakfast selection was amazing and very delicious, a little fast paced but we understood they had a lot of guests to feed. The selection of restaurants in the hotel were very nice too, and there was a gift shop right in the hotel for our last minute convenience! As for the location, this was perfect! We were very centrally located which was perfect, there was two tube stations right across the street, and we were within walking distance from lots of tourist attractions, Madame Tussauds, Sherlock Holmes Museum, Oxford Street, and many, many restaurants. We would want to stay at this location again.  The one thing that I had a problem with was when we tried to use…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sub standard and poor service,"I stayed in this hotel on the 29th March in a twin room with a friend. We stayed in room 1217 - avoid at all costs! The room was not clean, the carpet was filthy and the bathroom not very clean either. During the course of our stay the power went out for 20 minutes in our room which caused me to trip over the furniture by the bed and injury my ankle. We rung the front desk to complain about the power cut and it was restored 20 minutes later. The following day there had been an envelope attached to the door stating my credit card was to be debited for the full amount even though we had arranged at check in the previous day to pay separately on check out. We went to the reception desk to pay separately, my friend cash and I paid on my credit card. However after returning home I…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"This large hotel is in a good location, near Edgeware Road subway station.   After booking I used the Hilton Honors app to request additional towels and pillows.   Prior to online check in I spoke to reception  on phone (for room advice) and they said they would check me in to save doing on line, I asked for a quiet room.    Check in at hotel was efficient. However no extra pillows and only two towels for 3 people. Fortunately the maids were fixing rooms along corridor from whom I borrowed 2 towels.   Room 1276 on 12 floor allocated.  Room was large, clean and well prepared. Led tv, hairdryer, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, minibar (all items had triggers, so no use for own juice), kettle, tea and biscuits. Unfortunately only 1 teabag. It faced the main road and police…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staff are so friendly,"This is my second visit to the Hilton London Metropole and it was even more enjoyable as I opted for a suite.  The bedroom and sitting room were spacious, light and bright.  Having cakes to welcome you was a lovely touch.   From arrival until departure the staff in every area of the hotel, were wonderfully friendly, chatting about the trip, things to do in London, where to have breakfast. The executive lounge is a little oasis in a city of noise and I love to go in there and chill fro a while with a cup of tea or enjoy a light breakfast. Thank you for another enjoyable visit,",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never again,"This was my second stay at the Metropole Hilton and I seem to recall that I wasn’t greatly impressed the first time around, I was even less satisfied on the latest visit. Anyone who has read any of my reviews will gather that I am a big fan of Hilton Hotels and have stayed in many all over the world but this Hotel ranks as one of the worst.    Being a member of the Hilton Honors scheme I am given a few privileges, one of which is an up-graded room. On this occasion I was given a “superior” room but superior to what, a Travel Inn? The room had none of the usual Hilton upgrades and was without bathrobes etc. The executive lounge in this hotel is a joke, it is supposed to be open until 11.00pm but when I went for a coffee at 9.50 the place was being cleaned with much noise and…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
3085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel and Perfect Loaction,"10 mins walk to the Oxford Street for all the shopaholics just making it perfect, Huge hotel and amazing rooms, good staff and food is amazing. One of the best place to stay in London. A heated pool in that cold temperature making it perfect for relaxing.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Business and Family Hotel,"We have used this hotel numerous times as a family and also I have used it for business, its in a great location on Edgware Road and a nice stroll from Marble Arch. Highly recommend it and the rooftop bar for late night cocktails.",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,ENJOYED HOTEL,"we  stay here on a Saturday night and had no complaints with regards it, rooms so much better than other hotels we have stayed in London ad we will be staying here again if its in our catchment area next time we in London .. love the express checkout, saves time when rushing to catch a flight",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Noisy room,"17th floor of the ""Tower"" Block not recommended. Nice room, recently refurbished, great views ! Friday am started at 05:30 with builders using hammer drills above - kept this up till we gave up. Told reception who said that they would make sure that the builders didn't start until after 09:00 on Saturday. 06:30 Saturday they started, this time the curtain rail fell down with the vibrations. Told reception who said that they were aware of the problem and were trying to sort it. Left on Sunday at 07:00 anyway Will ask if there's any building work going on before booking again - they are refurbishing a LOT of rooms",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
3089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,Stayed at this hotel with my friend for a weekend in London. The hotel is in a great location! Just opposite the tube station making it easy and stress free to visit all the places we wanted. Originally I booked a double room and at first they gave us a single room which was really horrible but we went back to reception and they actually upgraded our room for the inconvenience which was so much better and had an amazing view! Would definately stay at this hotel again!,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,TJM,"Good location and good service for such a large hotel, very good value for the stay at the rates given (note that these change often so check first). Very good exec. lounge staff. Room OK. Only negative is that it often gets very busy at breakfast and also in the exec. lounge at peak times.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location and breakfast, but poor housekeeping","This hotel was in a great location, worked well for a family of 4, and included breakfast. It was great value. And I would definitely stay there again. Breakfast was also well done. It was super crowded but the staff did an excellent job seating people, had a great attitude, and kept things running well. The only issues were that check-in and housekeeping were not good. The room was not ready on time and we had to wait for 20 minutes at reception while they tried to figure it out (this is after they told us to come back at a certain time and the room would be ready). Housekeeping failed to take away dirty dishes in the room (from coffee and tea) and failed to fix a clogged sink. When we brought up the issue of the clogged sink to customer service, they asked if we had called…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for a family stay,"The room we had was spacious.  We had 3 children with us and were fine with the 2 queen beds and a baby cot.  Impressed by the cleanliness of the hotel considering how busy it is all the time.  Location is great, right by the tube stations, easy to move around town.  Parking was very expensive, wish we didn't have to pay for it but that's London for you.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,There are probably nicer and newer places in London,"Meh... saying with a family of four in many hotels around the world and this one is ok... it suffers from being the ""convention"" hotel with a mix of business and families and so is hard to meet the differing expectations. Overall we did't hate the experience - but didn't love it either. Several vintages of towers and amenities make up this property and from a design point of view its rather typical english in amenities.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
3094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I won't be back...Not a good Hilton!,"Hilton is my preferred brand, and this was my 1st (and last) stay at the hotel. Upon arrival I was informed that my children would not be allowed in the lounge when alcohol was being served. This is the only time I have ever been told this. What should I do? Leave them alone in the room? No upgrade was offered or given, again a 1st for Hilton when you have status. The room itself was small, the beds noisy and uncomfortable, the bathroom also small and dated. When we asked for dental kits it took nearly half an hour to come. When I asked for the bottled water to be replenished, this had to be escalated to the manager, who in fairness sent a bottle of wine and cheese to the room, but forgot the water!!! - I will look forward to any response!!",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
3095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel with Outstanding Staff,"The Hotel is in an excellent location- in walking distance of a number of main areas and just opposite the tube. The higher floors give some great views over the city.   The reception area is bright and spacious. It often seemed busy but the staff were efficient and friendly so that was never an issue.   Our room was in the West Wing and was excellent- large, clean and really nicely decorated. The bed was extremely comfy. It was very quiet, especially given the Hotel's central location.   The swimming pool is lovely - I went around 7am in the mornings and was often the only one in. I also enjoyed the sauna and steam room and there is a nice gym.   The main areas are beautifully decorated, especially the bar. We had tapas there one afternoon and it was excellent.   We had dinner…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,General impression,"Clear rooms, excellent personell, polite,patient,friendly. Helping in any way, fulfilling all kinds of wishes, immediately and correctly. The non paid internet too slow. Room service quick and correct.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed ,"We arrived at the hotel at ten to four in the afternoon, we had been up at 5:30 to catch our flight to London and were tired, and catching a cold 😞. Plus had to put up with London's immigration that took over an hr so we were not the happiest to find out our room was not ready. I could understand if it was 2:00 but four? Oh well , they gave us a coupon for a free drink in the lounge while we waited. If you get the coupon you are not allowed to buy a fancy cocktail, just beer or wine, which no-one told us until after our drinks came, but I will give the bar manager credit he stepped up and covered the bill. I had to enquire myself (no-one contacted us) at 4:40 to find that the room was finally ready. We were in the west wing which is obviously the oldest original wing and the…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great place ,Today I visited the Hilton London Metropole for a meeting. This is the first time I visited this hotel and it's a huge hotel very convenient place to have a meeting in central London. Sports bar is a great place to watch football or cricket  as I've managed to watched bit of the Eng vs WI WT20 finale. ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,my stay in Hilton London Metropole,"I stayed in the above hotel for six nights in last week of march, 2016 and this is my thrid stay in the hotel in last 3 years. As usual the service was good and people were friendly. I had a room in tower wing overlooking London. Marble arch, oxford street, madam Tussad are walking distance. Just opposite to the hotel, Edgware road station is located. From hotel upto Marble arch, there are many arab restaurants which serves arabic food. Nearby super markets such as tesco and wait rose are located. I found bath tub to be small for me. Except that, it was great stay and hope to visit again in the coming months.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good improvement on breakfast,"We reviewed this hotel in the past, but we thought it was worth a second review.   Service was, as usual, excellent.  Reception personel was extremely helpful, especially when they assigned us to a new room, as the first one did not correspond to what we had booked.  They made a lot of efforts, they were really trying to help us.  The hotel is currently undergoing renovations - the old rooms really deserve to be renovated.  We ended up in one of the renovated rooms - they are indeed very nice.  At one point, the heating system in our room did not work, and when we called reception, they got the service team to fix it - they arrived within 5 minutes and solved it.  The shower worked perfectly with no temperature variation.    One of the great improvements since our last visit is…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Service Hilton Metropole,From the moment we checked in at the Executive Lounge until we departed  we experienced excellent levels of service all the staff excel in going that extra mile to make sure you have a first class enjoyable stay nothing is to much trouble and Shadi the Executive Lounge Manager along with his very professional staff Frankie Christina and Michele make sure of that and that's what makes going to the Metropole Hotel so special looking forward to our next visit.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No acknowledgment whatsoever of Gold Status :(,"We have stayed in this hotel twice now and must admit we find ourselves doing so due to the large family rooms they offer plus their central location. However, if like myself you are a Hilton Honours Gold Member or above dont expect anything other than the room you pay for. Even worse when I checked in I asked about breakfast and was advised that "" at this hotel breakfast is not available, nor is the executive lounge"" Not to worry we used the local Starbucks however on our last day I enquired at the Restaurant as I noticed a sign outside advising of a seperate extrance for Gold and Diamond Members and yes, we could have been enjoying complimentary breakfast all along :( To add none of our ""special requests"" were acknowledged either and by this I mean simply requesting non…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent accommodation and good location,"Just had a one night stay here with a coach group, check in was really quick, had a problem in the room allocated, but rang reception and they immediately gave us another room. the breakfast is very good, Went to breakfast and seated, the waiters wee only too pleased to bring you what drinks you needed hot or cold, and plenty of choice whatever your taste is, you would certainly not go from the table hungry.I would recommend this hotel for anyone visiting London",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Some Good, Some not so Good","Arrived to the hotel at aprx 12.30pm. Was delighted to find out our room was ready, especially since we had been delayed on our flight and had gotten the run around by the person at the train station in Gatwick which resulted in us getting 3 trains.  Anyway we were informed at check in that we would have to provide a credit card or debit card to pre authorise for 30 pound per night. I informed the lady at check in that I did not have a credit card. The lady told me we would have to pay cash. I told her I was not told this before booking, nor was there anything on the website which stated we had to pay. i told her that was a large chunk of money to hand over from spending money. I also told her there was no money on my debit card as I did not get paid for another week and a half.…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location ,"I stayed at the Hilton Metropole for an awards ceremony and found the hotel facilities to be excellent. Check in was simple and well organised. My room was on  12th floor -1288. This room had two queen beds, was very spacious, desk area to catch up on work but no free wifi.   The bathroom was very clean. There was an iron, decent hairdryer and tea and coffee making facilities. Plenty of power points to plug in chargers and also a European adapter for guests travelling from the continent.   I was attending an awards event which was very well coordinated by the hotel. Staff serving welcome drinks were extremely attentive. Food served at the event was excellent although I am not sure if external caterers prepared the food or hotel chef. Either way it was fantastic.   Breakfast was…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
3106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mr ,Well where to start thought it would be better !!  Electric gone off again this is the third time !  Flush does not work properly either !! The west wing is suppose to be new ! Overall not had a great experience and I haven't found any friendly staff it's like they are here with no choice and worst thing I'm a silver member ! I asked the mini bar to be emptied even that cost £25 to remove !! Not had fun expected better !!,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK I suppose,"The reception area and staff were brilliant, all looked very modern and bar area was as equally nice. But the room was EXTREMELY basic for a Hilton and the TV didn't work, I could also hear our neighbors complaining about the TV. On the plus, a stones throw from Edgware station - couldn't be better located. However, wouldn't recommend going out round the area of an evening. it's a huge Asian/Turkish etc community with very few English bars or shops. However, we did have a walk down there around 7pm and had no bother. Has NO FREE WIFI!",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in great location. Would highly recommend.,"This was first time staying here. We previously stayed in pricey Mayfair hotel and radission on Oxford street. We decided to stay 3 nights in London to celebrate my 40th birthday. On arrival we were able to check in early which was great after our flight. Room was lovely, modern and enough room for our family of 4. Edgware tube station is only across the street and really handy for shopping and sight seeing. On the day of my birthday I was sent up to my room plates of fruit and birthday card early in the day followed by desserts and box of chocolates later in evening which was lovely. We dined in flamingo restraurant and food and service was fantastic. Kids also enjoyed it. Breakfast is the best part, so much choice from fry up to waffles or omelettes. Absolutely loved this…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very average stay,"Pros: close to Edgware tube station and Paddington station, excellent Arab food nearby, hotel breakfast is satisfactory  Cons: small rooms, old interior, bed was lumpy and extremely uncomfortable, wifi is not free in the rooms (major major con-- this is 2016, people! give us free wifi!)  Overall it was a 5-6 out of 10, not horrible but not my favorite Hilton experience. ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Do you miss the 60s? Do you like your hotels inflexible with a side of stale air? Then this place is for you!,"Spent two unpleasant nights at this hotel. Would not recommend, especially given how many other hotels are in the London area.  Pros: Good location near Edgeware Road tube station. Front desk staff friendly and seems to try, although they are clearly overwhelmed. Lobby area is clean and gives the impression that the hotel is far nicer than it really is.  Cons: Most of the hotel is in dire need of a refresh. I'm not talking new paint, or anything cosmetic. The first room they put me in reeked - it was the accumulation of probably 60+ years of smells from so many people coming through the room. The furniture and decor looked like the Shining, and fixtures were outdated (the A/C was a gold knob on the wall) and some broken. The entire room looked like a low-budget roadside motel. I…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel. Great location near Edgware Road Underground stations,"We are a family of 4 who went to London for Spring Break.  We stayed in a ""family room"" and it was just right for what we needed.  Much larger than standard London rooms.   There were two queen size beds and a pull out sofa along with a large desk.  The sofa area had its own TV, which worked out great for our teenage daughter to have her own space and watch what she wanted.  Our room had not been renovated so the carpeting and décor was a bit dated, but that didn't matter to us.  The beds were comfortable. We loved being across the street from multiple Underground lines so it was easy to get to any station with minimal transfers.  Paddington train station is only a 5-10 minute walk away as well.  There are nice pubs, restaurants, and grocery stores nearby to satisfy any budget. …",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay ,Stayed in a family room which had 2 double beds and a double bed settee. Loads of room. A lovely clean modern room  with everything we needed. Good wifi connection especially important with 3 teenagers. Breakfast amazing. Busy but lots of choice and self services you can get what you want. Only downside I would say is bar area and food very expensive especially for soft drinks. Would we stay again yes definitely. We stated on west wing and it was lovely. Was also quiet in our room despite the hotel being very big and busy. Had a great stay ,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient to get around London,"This hotel is very conveniently located opposite Edgware Road tube station and therefore making it very easy to get around London.  It is a 15 minute walk to Hyde Park and to the Marlybourne High Street, which is nice change to Oxford Street, etc. Whilst the hotel is extremely large it seems to manage the numbers OK and is especially geared to conferences, etc. Rooms are disappointingly a little tired and need a bit of TLC to be worthy of its ""4 star "" rating! Buffet breakfast is very good and service is friendly enough for such large hotel.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay for family of 5!,"So difficult to find one room for family of 5! And this meets our criteria! Only 190pounds+ per night including breakfast! And breakfast was fabulous; juices,  cupcakes etc.  We stayed 2nights, left for iceland and return for another 4nights. Both stay period (Hotel Tower Wing)- the room was big and all service match our expectations!   Room Tip;  Aircon - need reading before adjusting. Otherwise, you may think it doesn't work.  Walls thin - quite true..we had jetlag, so doesn't really matter!  Kettle - boil water real quick and with daily refill of cookies, twinning teabags, hot chocolate packet, coffee, sugar/mlik, we kept ourselves warm and cosy.     Bed - my son sofa bed spring does make some noises.   Bathroom - no hair dryer = nightmare! Bathtub+shower = plus point.…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hen party weekend ,"I recently stayed here with a massive group of girls for my friends hen weekend. My first thought when I walked in was that it was so nice and smelt amazing!! Unfortunately there was a slight mix up on our rooms, as we weren't given the rooms we were booked....HOWEVER the hotel especially Sergio couldn't do enough to rectify the problem. We were given a discount and complementary breakfast and it was all worth while. I would definitely be visiting again!! Also would like to say thank you for catering the hen breakfast brunch. It was the best part of my weekend and you guys made it very special. So thank you again. Overall would love to give 5 stars but because of the room mix up I'll be giving 4. Thank you again. ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel Metropole,"Hotel has good breakfast, it is good to ask for vaucher in advance to have better price. Rooms are average, some of them have not possibility to open window, they are quite dry and carpet is dusty. It is not possible to turn off air condition either to heat your room.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Old hotel, average at best","We stayed in the tower wing. The rooms are outdated and need maintenance.  The amenities consisted of shampoo & soap. No slippers, no bath robes, not even a bottle of water. The lobby has obviously been renovated recently but the rooms don't match.  The breakfast is average at best.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Upgraded to an old suite,"Nice of Hilton to upgrade us to a ""suite"". Was a suite that still needs some updating, but as we were traveling with a 2,5 year old, it was great for us. Spacious room, separate bedroom!   Spa is great, exec lounge also. A shame the TV isn' t ""smart"". Also wifi isn' t working great, but that was a problem all over the hotel. Not very user friendly.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,There are so many halal food around the Hotel,"We stayed for 4 night in Hilton London Metropole,as we join globus tour,The hotel is arranged by globus but we decided to stay one more night after we finished our tour.  The room is very good they have shower,provide a tea bag, coffee bag and also mineral water,However The weather in the room is little bit cold if we compare to our hotel in uk.Breakfast is very good there are so many choices,you better have a breakfast earlier if you want to get a table and doesnt want to wait for maybe a ten minutes.  As we are moslem the location of the hotel is perfect for us there are so many lebanon or pakistan food around there,there is a good resturant called fatosh, we have dinner/lunch there 4 times during our stay in Hilton London Metropole,The price also very reasonable. If you walk…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, average service ","Stayed here for two nights with family. The hotel is well placed, close to Marble Arch and Oxford street. There are plenty of Asian dining options available near the hotel. The service needs improvement. Wifi was a bit of a challenge. The breakfast menu is excellent with good amount of vegetarian options like hash brown potatoes and vegetable sausages. I enjoyed my stay overall. Recommended.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lobby, staff, food 5 stars..... Room & bathroom 3 stars","We were there in February. We had 2 rooms (1010 and 1011) in the tower. The breakfast buffet is very good, lots of choices. The staff are excellent. The reception and bars are very nice. The rooms were very disappointing, 3 star max. Decor needs updating. The same with the bathroom and old fashioned shower. Not hand soap (it was face soap). No body lotion. Only one tiny shampoo per room, so ok if one of the person staying is bold. Chipped door and rusty hinges painted hurrily on top. No little mirror, no bathrobe, no slippers. Becareful with the mini fridge, it charges as soon as you lift the bottle. Drinks and snacks are not getting replace, so after 5 days there was not much left. The wifi is not free unless you find a nice receptionist (go to see him at 1pm) or you joint the…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, very bad service","I stayed there because of the tour we joined. Very big hotel with big lobby area; which will give you wrong first impression; it would be a great hotel to stay, which is not. First, you need to queue for at least 45 minutes to check in, as they only have 4 receptionist for this big hotels with almost 1000 guests staying in. Then, explaining what you want will take about at least 15 minutes for receptionist to understand, although you speak very well English and you are in London, as most of their receptionists are not originally English speaking persons, they are from the whole Europe; French, Spanish, etc. For me, I needed 45 minutes to explain that I would need to upgrade the room for my second visit next week, and that it would be my extension from the room I would have from…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Humiliated,I stayed at this hotel for 5 days during our family visit to London. On my last night I was told off by security that I was not allowed to take photos of the lobby and I had to delete them right away. I felt very extremely humiliated as I normally take photos of the Hiltons that I stayed around the world and today I'm not allowed to take pictures to remember my vacation. I've never been told off by any hotels that i'm not allowed photos at the lobby. He said i have to ask the manager tomorrow morning if i can take pictures. Excuse me?,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
3124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Red Carpet Event,"Stayed at the hotel as we were attending a Red Carpet Event at the hotel. Check was a breeze and pleasantly surprised with a room upgrade to an executive suite and access to the executive lounge. Staff at the reception and the rest of the hotel very helpful and nothing was too much bother. The room itself was spacious and an enormous super king bed, very comfortable, bathroom very clean the only downside was the basin tap hot water was cold. Room was a bit cold, was not sure how to turn up the heat. The shower was nice and hot. Breakfast in the executive lounge was plentiful and hot. We had our check out time extended till 1pm. Definitely will stay there again. ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Metropole: the tower wing is NOT up to standard,"The Hilton names brightens the outside, but inside the tower wing expected Hilton quality is no where evident. This place needs a significant refurbishing.  If you decide to stay here despite this warning, do not take a room near the inside hallway doors as each opening an closing is loud.  The common areas are fine and the staff are very good.  But not the tower wing.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Anonymous hotel for those who like to remain so,"Overnight at the Metropole Hilton, with its recently- refurbished reception and bar area, now resembling a business class airport lounge - helped in part by the early evening, multinational swarm of mid- market business people performing at each other. By 8pm it had quietened down enough to make the bar food burger a reasonable option vs venturing out into the chilly night. It was executed well enough, and served with reasonable style at a fair price.  The hotel is vast and warrenlike, but my room was quiet,  relatively- recently decorated with a comfortable King bed and a good shower in the small bathroom. Free quality newspapers in reception. Niggles: noticeable smell of stale cigarette smoke through the aircon when turned to cooling, despite being on a non- smoking floor.…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Long weekend stay London,"Just returned from a 4 day stay in the Hilton London Metropole Hotel. I was with my wife and 2 children stayed in room 797 in the west wing which had 2 large double beds and room was large for a city centre Hotel compared to other cities I have stayed in worldwide. The room was clean and tidy. The lady at reception desk was helpful and check in was quick and efficient. Internet can drop off and requires logging into again. The breakfast on all days was great and a large selection, all staff I encountered during my stay were nice and happy to point you in the right direction for information if they could'nt provide an answer to my question. On leaving we had slight problem with our bill which was sorted no problem. The hotel is busy but we had no problem with noise or…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Grand,"On arrival you get carried away by its size and number of lifts and doors, but once you get used to it, then it is easy. The room I had was not huge, I can say it was rather small, however, it did not matter as i was not staying in the room for long.  Very close to Hyde Park so you can get around, and also in the heart of cosmopolitan side of London, In Edgware Rd, Overall, clean, functional and most importantly staff were fab",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Unusual,Ive stayed at the hotel a number of times. Usually the rooms are great.  This time I upgraded to a suite.  It needs a lot of TLC .. in fact the whole floor does.  The new lobby is amazing but the 3rd floor wallpaper is peeling off. The room was clean but needs a lot of tlc in there especially for the price you are charging> I was extremely disappointed.  The staff though were great and its a hotel for really great location,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hustle and Bustle everywhere. Busy Hotel,The hotel is on the corner of the Edgware Road where almost all the Lebanese and Turkish restaurants are there.   The hotel is old but tries to maintain the standards of Hilton.   Sleep quality of the hotel is good especially the new wing. I saw the old wing of the hotel is it just not the place to be that is badly outdated and need renovation.   Lot of weddings and conferences were happening back to back so it was busy everytime.   The location is nice and very near to the underground and other locations. ,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Mostly fine, just 2 small niggles","Nice hotel, conveniently located near Edgeware Road tube station, and a fairly short walk from Paddington station. Staff very attentive and good facilities.  My only 2 small niggles were that the iron left a black mark on my shirt, and the shower was very hot - at the coldest setting it was just about bearable for me, I prefer a cooler shower.  Other than that, it was a very comfortable stay. I'd be happy to stay there again but I'd have to check the shower before accepting the room!",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I often visit this hotel as the location is surperb.  The renovations in the receiption and bar area are stunning.  On this occasion I upgraded to a suite ... which wasn't the cheapest and was very disappointed.  The wallpaper in the halls on the 3rd floor  was ripped and although the room was a lovely size it needed a lot of TLC.  The skirtings were ripped, there were chips in the furniture and the bathroom could have done with a total revamp.  The bed was really comfortable though to be fair.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel pool not great,Spent three nights here for my mother's birthday. Room was clean and very spacious. Used the pool Which was disappointing as it was tiny considering the size of the hotel. Changing rooms were also small with only two showers in the female changing area and pool had strange smell. Restaurant was nice attentive staff and good food. Bar and lounge also enjoyable. But if confusion with the bill but was satisfactorily resolved. Great location just across from underground station. ,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Noisy Rooms,"Was awakened 2 out of 3 nights at 2 AM.  First, an employee talking on his cell phone outside my door and secondly by a fire alarm at 1:58AM.  No action was taken by the hotel to apologize after complaining.  Would not stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Renovation a mixed blessing & need to work on service but good recovery,"Last time I visited the Metropole it was very run down and I was so pleased when I checked in last month to see that much of the hotel has been refurbished.Fantastic! On check in I was given a queen bed for both nights despite one of the nights being for a king (they were overbooked). No huge deal at that juncture. It turns out that the rooms adjacent to me were actively being refurbished and they started at 07:50 one morning and 08:00 the next. I was told by reception that they were aware of this but that it had to be escalated. When I asked to speak to the duty manager I was told they were in a meeting. So not amazing service, but when I reported this to Hilton they send me some comp points which were well received.  The room itself was very newly refurbished with good water…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"The hotel itself was good. Clean rooms with decent standard. From what I heard parts of the hotel was being renovated, but it wasn't noticeable (I believe our room must have been done quite recently at least). Stunning view of London from huge panorama windows and comfortable beds.  The breakfast buffet was top notch with tons of treats for everyone.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,An exceptional welcome and great value London stay,This is my second visit to the Hilton Metropole.  Take advantage of the weekend rates to upgrade to one of the executive rooms or treat yourself to a suite.  They are fabulous and having access to the executive lounge gives you a place to chill after all the madness of London. Just hop on a bus and you can be at Victoria in 15 minutes or use the fantastic tube links from Edgware Road. The staff were unbelievably friendly and welcoming.  I cannot praise every one I met highly enough and just wish I could have spent another night!,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bad Experience,"We booked this hotel for our anniversary as we were having a meal out in town. We called the day before to confirm our room, and asked if we could have a refurbished room and complimentary check out. The man on the phone was very polite and agreed to our requests and confirmed it on the system. On arrival the lady at reception greeted us (friendly and polite), we explained that it was our anniversary and we were in a bit of a rush to make our dinner reservation. She upgraded us to a room with 2 single beds. I asked for the room to be changed back to the double that we had booked she replied ""are you sure?"" I had mentioned 3 times now that it was our anniversary. Whatever her reasons she was polite but it created an awkwardness that no Gay couple should have to experience. 20…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
3139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor,"Don't let the lobby fool you. Rooms are poor. Pipes from adjacent rooms make enough noise to keep one from sleeping. Drapes don't block out light. Sirens all night and day long. On plus side, staff is cordial.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Need renovation ,Hi as hilton by name you will expect alot the room was very small old furniture however good room service lobby most recent decorated the restaurant amazing breakfast many choices hotel near great places shopping and restaurants cafes the price is convenient but rooms need renovation management should consider ,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Standard Hilton but some flaws in the room,"Check-in very efficient with dedicated HHonors line. Recognition of elite status.  Room was standard London size, in-room gift waiting as expected. Very clean room. Room temperature was freezing during the night and despite trying to change the temp, just got colder. Needed an extra blanket to survive ;-).   Executive lounge was quite busy but still service was personal and very helpful.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Premier Inn for people with money!,"I stayed here very recently.  What do I think to this hotel? It just seems that it doesn't have any other qualities of a different hotel.   If anything my last stay was at a Premier Inn and I paid at least a 3rd less than I did for this place. The Hilton just wasn't as clean, I was also charged £3.50 for no apparent reason?   Would I stay again? I don't think so, it was a business trip and nothing else.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay !,Enjoyed a fantastic few days in London at the Hilton. The food was very tasty and the staff also were friendly and did everything they could to ensure we were well taken care of and that all our needs were attended to.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Annoying sound on level 23,There was building work going on and all night we could hear an annoying sound and room was smaller than expected . Food was expensive andhad to pay £5 delivery from downstairs to upstairs whereas I could have gone down to collect the food myself!!,Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice facilities, room a little tired",Two night stay whilst in the city. Busy but spacious hotel and overall a pleasant experience with helpful staff. Breakfast very busy on the Sunday but quiet on the Monday. Rooms a little tired but well equipped.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what i expected,"Am a hhonors member and hoped for a upgrade, however after a very slow check in this was not the case. I always get high floor as standard however was allocated the 3rd floor. This was my first time staying in London and wanted to be as high as possible to enjoy the view. After some time asking we were reluctantly given a high floor. Finally got to the room after not being shown which way to go and wanted to leave as soon as possible. Know the building is dated however this is not up to standards. We left to go out for the night and returned to a dreadful smell. Asked the nights team to see if anything could be done and they instantly gave me a complementary drink and upgraded to a better room. Thank you night team you saved the day. ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well placed for 2 tube stations,"I had stayed in this hotel 22 years ago and was blown away by it then, and so was really looking forward to staying again. What a let down I had: check in was at 3.00pm, but couldn't get the keys until 4.00pm, then wished we hadn't. The strong chemical smell which greeted us was most unpleasant, and then I still had to clean off the desk chair - I hate to imagine what was on that! The room itself looked tired and there was a constant sound of running water, like a tank re-filling. We did not eat in the hotel at all, as there are plenty of places to get breakfast nearby, so we cannot comment on the food. When we returned to the room following a long day of sight seeing, only one of the tea cups had been washed, the other had been left with a coaster over it, as if someone was…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shame I couldn't have stayed longer,"Lovely hotel, staff were very helpful and my room was immaculate.  My only complaint was that I was there for work so couldn't enjoy the facilities as much as I would have liked to.  I would definitely return.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid the Tower,"This is difficult to review and will focus solely on the problem with the room. Stayed here in December and decided never to return but were lured here by a special offer. As HHonours member chose a room on 22nd floor of Tower and was pleasantly surprised by an early check in. Noticed a strange noise from the ceiling that sounded like a fog horn every 10-20 seconds and put it down to building work in the Tower. Returned 5 hours later to find noise still there and noticeable in the whole corridor of 22nd floor - note earlier reviews on 10 March. Having had to move rooms in December had to go to reception (made 3 phone calls complaining and nobody turned up) and ask to move yet again! To be fair, the duty manager resolved the situation and moved us to a far better room in the west…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Really outdated rooms, lousy service","Hilton Metropole failed to inform that my rate included breakfast. It was not stated in the confirmation email nor in the reservation info via Hilton Honors app. What's worst, I visited reception twice to ask about my room and neither of your employees said a single word about breakfast. I had to rush to a business meeting with just a cereal bar from the minibar. If Hilton had informed me about the breakfast, I would have planned accordingly.   If everything else had gone as expected, missing a paid breakfast due to your lousy service had not been such an issue, but the room I stayed in was also deep below the 4 star Hilton level and really overpriced in its current form. Room 1302 was really outdated with a lousy bed, stained carpets and furniture and dripping drywall.  Cannot…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
3151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Terrible smelly, old rooms!","I am glad to read that I wasn't the only one shocked by the terrible smell and state of my room at this Hilton. I was there on a business trip for 2 nights which was 2 nights too many! My room on the 20th floor of the tower wing was FREEZING, smelly, mouldy, felt dirty, and the most unwelcoming hotel room I've ever stayed in. It was such a let-down! Some basic shampoo and conditioner but no moisturiser or vanity kit. Shoddy ripped cushions on the bed, stains on the carpet. Truly would not recommend this hotel! I'll be staying away. ",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
3152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,lots of noise from renovation work,this hotel is being renovated and the noise with electric drills etc starts at 5 to 8 each morning The queues at breakfast are too long and the gold and platinum Hilton honours are allowed into the sports bar for their breakfast. This makes everyone else feel second rate as this is policed with lists of who gets in.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Up To The Hilton Standard,"I am amazed that Hilton continues to brand this hotel as a Hilton. The last time I stayed in this hotel was 2002 and the room I stayed in this time looked the exact same but more dated. The room had a sort of roadside motel/hotel vibe, as did the hallways which were dark and run down looking. On the posititive side the location is convenient and it has an incredible breakfast Buffett.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,hilton met london,"excellent service, good hotel, location is great for tube and oxford road although not in the nicest of areas. Check in staff even arranged for cakes, fruit and drinks to be sent to the room fro my daughters birthday - which was a very kind gesture",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and have to upgrade for a decent room.,"Got to the Hilton for the nfl weekend, top location and nice reception but woefully understaffed.  Upon arrival we asked for 1 of the renovated rooms and were informed that we would have to upgrade at a cost of £60 per person, having already spent over £400 for the hotel for the weekend I paid this begrudgingly as the basic rooms did not look the best and the reviews on here were not great. The room itself was of a satisfactory standard but I have stayed in nicer hotels in London for less money. I made 1 cup of tea and exhausted the supplies for those facilities, rang reception and asked for some more to be brought, 3 phone calls later the staff arrived with more coffee and sugar but no tea or milk, eventually over an hour later they brought the right supplies. I also asked for…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A good one night stay,"A one night stay for an awards ceremony, a really good hotel. Small rooms, but reasonable inexpensive.  Shower was a very strange arrangement, but for a short stay it was adequate.  Check out very slow in the morning, which seemed unnecessary and actually spoiled the stay.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent service continues to be given to returning guests,"It's been over a year since we stayed at the Hilton London Metropole, but you would never have known. We received our usual warm welcome from Shadi and his amazing team in the Executive Lounge. Upgraded as always to a lovely King Hilton suite which we very much enjoyed...slept like a log every night. This hotel seams to run like clock work despite its huge size and high occupancy levels. In its favour is its great location, accessible from either London Heathrow or London Gatwick in no time and then the whole of London is on your doorstep whether by foot, bus or underground. Enjoyed using the small Living Well club, it's good to have a sauna, steam room and pool available for guests, and as always this facility was well run. Great continental breakfast each morning in the…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I just wanted to go home....,"After a painfully slow check in we requested a room on a high floor so we could enjoy a London view. Off the receptionist went to see if it could be done and a room on floor 13 in the tower given. Off we go excited, noted a corner room, noted the smell...opened the door to what was the worst hotel room I've had in London. As we were late we went straight out returning late and this allowed the weird vile damp like smell to increase. I honestly could not sleep in that room.  My family member was sent to secure a refund so we could get a taxi home but returned and we had been moved to a room in the east wing. This was much more Hilton but my whole opinion and experience with this hotel is tarnished. The tower block should be gutted!!",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms too old and wifi not free,"Good location for business, staff professional and helpful, but the overall condition of the rooms was not as expected. Wifi is not free, unless you are an HH member. The breakfast was good. ABook taxis takes a long time, i don't know why.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dreadful!,"I stayed at the Hilton Metropole in October 2015 on business. My daughter was in town so I booked a twin room which cost me £ 150. The hotel entrance is very grand but when you get in the room it s another story. The room was tiny, dingy and smelly. The TV sat on a mini bar that has seen better day so close to the edge of the bed that you couldnt get passed it without practically jumping over the bed. The bathroom was tired and very smelly.   Just because it s Hilton doesn't mean it is good. I wouldn't mind for £ 40 and 2 star. But this is supposed to be a 4 star. You must be joking!",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Booking London Metropole,I cannot fault the Hilton London Metropole for the way Staff and all concerned look  after Clients on arrival  I wish all other Hiltons would take note and learn from them  Thankyou Paul Ivakina-Bainbridge,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better price than Paddington,"Hilton close to Paddington at a more reasonable price. The hotel is what it is, but facilities are great, and breakfast what you would expect.  Only real issue is that the WiFi drops all the time, and you have to sign in again and again if you walk around. Staying one night and spending some time at the gym, bar, room etc probably signed in 20 times in my iPhone.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well worth the stay,"Really impressed with the hotel. Shadi in the Lounge make a real diffrence. the breakfast team was very friendly and operated really. hotel pool very relaxing, did see some visitors not showering before using the pool.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,DISGUSTING HYGIENE AND STAFF MEMBERS,"Myself and my husband were really excited to be going to London as we went to see Matilda. Our friends recently stayed here and said it was lovely well lovely is an understatement on arrival we checked in and was told we had been upgraded to a ""deluxe"" and were told that our room was ready when arriving to room and entered it was disgusting and dirty from previous customer with dirty towels, dirty glass and an empty bottle of water - I've attached a photo to see!!! We were changed rooms and to say the least it was not much better wallpaper coming off walls decor poor and the room smelt funny and not fresh we also found objects under bed from previous customer so goes to show cleaners do not check under beds I felt sick and uncomfortable in the surroundings I was in!! Later that…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
3165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the best,I recently started there for business and was on the 1st floor. Due to the large event it seemed rooms were in short supply. As such I was given a room they must only use when desperate (I hope so anyway). It was a smoking room (I don't smoke) that stank of cigarette smoke with a lovely view of the flyover (not a problem really). The window didn't close properly so the cold breeze meant the room was very cold.   The public areas of the hotel are OK but getting a bit dated.   Wouldn't choose to stay here again or advise it either and I'm quite easy going,Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location for the end of a three week vacation ,"We stayed here for the final days of our three week vacation to Africa and a Mount Kilimanjaro climb. I could not have been more happy with this choice!   I've been to London numerous times and try to stay in the Paddington area when I visit for the convenience of the transport and being just a ""bit"" outside the heavy tourist areas, but still in the city. This hotel is just steps from the Edgware Road Tube station -- although finding the Circle Line is kind of confusing so we just jumped on the Bakerloo line. :).  Alternatively you can walk up to paddington station which is about 5-7 minutes away.   Our room was a Family Superior and it was awesome-- two queen beds plus a sitting area with pull out couch, desk and two additional chairs. Ask for room 1499 -- it's sort of in an…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient for travelling to London and sirport,I've often stayed here with friends on nights out and shopping sprees. Located on Edgware Road. Edgware station a few minutes away and Approx 15 min walk to Paddington Station for underground and Heathrow express.  Has a small car park which is convenient. Great refurbishment and nice bar. Good meeting point for friends and business. Conference rooms available too. No complaints ... Always efficient check in and check out. ,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big Nice Rooms,"Stayed on business. Was upgraded as I am Hilton gold. Staff all very friendly at checkin and throughout the hotel. Room was in very good condition and very big, I was upgraded to a family room (899). Two TV's, one by the bed and the other in the desk / lounge area. Overall a good room and hotel I would say.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Recent stay,"Poor attitude on front desk towards Hilon Honors points. I had tried to book direct but you would not match the online price offered by this booking agency. Then you refused to credit me Hilton points blaming new company policy. I stayed at another Hilton last night, similarly booked but they were happy to credit me with points and laughed when I told them of your claim, saying there was and is no such policy.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Reasonable price hotel ,Maybe for the location and the number of rooms that have this hotel still a reasonable price hotel in such city that full of tourism and business activities all the year .. The reasonable also in the restaurant diner price as well it's tasty and comfortable place after long day working,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A comfortable stay,"We were originally booked in to room 2223 in the tower block, but requested a room change as there was a strange vibrating noise from pipes nearby. The duty manager was very helpful in finding us an alternative room, 975 in the west wing. It turned out to be a much bigger, very comfortable, quiet room. Breakfast was good, although I feel the layout is a bit disjointed in the Fiamma restaurant. On previous occasions the hotel has been busier and we've breakfasted in the overspill of the ballroom. Plenty of choice for breakfast and I enjoyed the Bircher muesli on the specials card on our table - ask the waiting staff for any of the specials and they'll fetch them from the kitchen. Drink service in the Edg bar a bit haphazard, but staff everywhere generally friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"POOR CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE! VERY Noisy, messed up room service order, list goes on!","I stayed at for one at the Hilton Metropole, and I was really disappointed! the room was VERY noisy - we were not too far from the lifts, but with every minute there was a noise occurring from the shafts which was a loud noise. I actually time the frequency of this and it was occurring every 30 - 40 seconds and it kept going on all night. As a result, it was impossible to get any sleep!  Wifi was expensive £12.99 per day was rather excessive, and everything felt like they were out to squeeze as much money from you!  Also we ordered room service breakfast, and they completely messed up the order, over charged us and had added items on there which we didn't even order. we were nearly charged £39 for two poached eggs and toast - for two! when we queried this the lady at the check…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Noisey Hotel,"I stay here often when in London on business. Although all the amenities are there, bar areas, food, coffee area and there is lots to do around, the hotel is simply very very busy and as a result noisy with people coming and going at all hours.  My main issue with this hotel is the noise from what appears to be the pipes, this happened on a previous visit and also this visit. When I was checking in there was a gentleman in the next queue complaining about the exact same thing. However, it was only when I trying to get into my room and saw the same gentleman with a staff member on the same floor did I realise I was going to have this issue again. I stayed on floor 22 of the Tower Block.  I wear ear plugs which block out noise normally but the pipe noise is like a fog horn going…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel good livation,Visited in February for a weekend stay. Stayed in a family suite which was very spacious and nice. Big hotel with Starbucks and nice bars situated inside. Reception staff not the greatest as we had to get our keys activated on several occasions before we finally managed to get into our room and were not in the slightest bothered by the inconvenience! On the plus side excellent location 2 mins from Edgware Road station and hotel facilities are good.,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A large business hotel with good location in Central London,Located close to Edgware Road tube station. Paddington is also close by. A good number of eating joints nearby including Oxford street and Hyde Park which are at 10 min walk.I was given an upgrade to a suite which was indeed a pleasant surprise. Good breakfast selection though the restaurant could be very busy as it serves guests from a large number of rooms in the hotel and you may have to wait for attention from the staff.,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed,"Hotel was in an ideal location, 5 mins walk from Paddington station and across the road from the tube station.  Warm welcome and public areas really nicely laid out and furnished.  My room was a disappointment, they had spent money on it refurbishing it, crisp new tiles in the bathroom but there the good points stopped.  A real shame was chipped and flaking paintwork, stained carpet, dodgy door locks and it took the shine off what should be a decent hotel.  Breakfast was decent as was the bar, but the room itself was poor.  I see other reviews had good reviews , so I think the cheaper the deal, you get the worse room, shame really.",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
3177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Always a pleasure,My favourite residence when visiting London. Extremely large hotel but still manages to deliver excellent personal service. Very handy to the Edgware Road Tube Station(s) which are just across the road. Food and drink available in the Bar until very late.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
3178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a five stars,"We stay 3 nights and the only good thing was the fast way to Oxford street and metro lines... The hotel is very old and the service offered is very bad, no wi fi in the rooms and breakfast very cheap ... Rate room very expensive for this kind of Hilton",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Ok, but don't stay with baby","Bit dated hotel , but location is nice close to city center, 15 min walk. Room was old and quit small but that is normal in London i guess. Tried the roomservice once , how you can mess up a burger i don't know. Swimming pool area and fitness is nice. I you travel with a baby avoid this hotel what a lousy service, babybed is without a matrass so its hard, they don't want to warm up babies food (it makes a mess of the microwave). Don't think we will be staying here again.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Anniversary Stay,"We stayed for two nights for our wedding anniversary. We wanted a centrally located hotel with a pool and the Hilton London Metropole ticked all of the boxes. We booked a standard King but got a double upgrade through deluxe to a superior King in the west wing.  There was a delay at check-in as they had 800 check-outs and the room wasn't ready when we arrived at 1330. We came back after lunch at 1500 and it still wasn't ready. They comped us a free drink in the lounge and two beautiful dessert cakes. One of the managers, Sergio Ottieri, took personal charge bringing us our keys just as we finished our drinks. Outstanding service.  Our room was on floor 9 and was huge. We could see The Shard on the horizon. After settling in we had a visit from room service and it turned out that…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large Hotel with recently re-renovated rooms,"I stayed here having booked through last minute.com. They are a regular user of last minute due to the sheer size of the Hotel. As a result there tends to be a large amount of conference activity and it is a busy hotel. The room I had was very new and very comfortable although the space saving sink in the bathroom meant that water got smashed everywhere when I washed my face, but hey, this is London and there isn't a lot of space to play with. The room was a good size and the bed very comfortable and as a result I had a good nights sleep.  In the morning I went down for breakfast which is as you can very busy and Buffet style, but the service was prompt and the breakfast as you would expect for a Hilton; not exceptional but not bad either. The girl on the door charged me for my…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stylish and relaxed,"We recently had a weekend family break in London. Choose and booked Hilton as a member with online offer price.  The hotel is very conveniently set near to lot of must see often visited places like Madam Tussauds, London Zoo, Oxford street and the list goes on.  The trouble is the parking which is a bot tricky to find and slightly expensive at £25 pounds ( i get it, its London!) and you can just about fit your car in the space.  The check in was a breeze with very friendly reception, but its bit of a walk from the parking which is in one wing to the reception which is in another wing and then back to the same wing to get the lift up to the guest rooms.  The room we had was on the 14th floor which gave us a near birds eye view of the city. The room was very clean, clean linen and…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,See the Staircase!!,"There was a cultural snafu on beds; PLEASE NOTE:  In the UK ""double"" does not mean two beds, it means a double-sized or King-sized bed.    I was only at this hotel for a day and a night, and pretty badly jet-lagged.  What I saw was fine.  Comfy beds, bathroom.  Plenty of space.  Not exactly in the center of things, but there were ample cabs and an Underground station across the street.  Many food shops and restaurants nearby, convenient for snacks.  Hotel buffet breakfast was excellent, wide selection, quite tasty (not sure of the price, as it was included with our tour).  Gift shop was fairly generic, but that's par for the course everywhere.  Hotel downstairs decor was unusual; found the lighting odd but stylish...but not in-your-face.    NEAT SIDE NOTE:  Just down the hall…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice, central location","Check in good and swift (11am on a Monday morning). Lovely but large hotel. Room on the 5th floor of west wing.   Executive Lounge: A walk down corridor to lifts, down to ground floor, walk across hotel to another set of lifts to executive lounge on second floor of east wing. It felt like up and down with a walk to use it.  However it was very pleasant, well stocked and spacious.  Room: booked as a gold member couple. Placed in a room with two double beds (don't know why).   Couldn't get the heating to go above 18 degrees so a very cold night. Later found out in the morning that all rooms on the 5th floor of the west wing couldn't get the heating to work so there was a problem.  Breakfast: spacious, clean well presented independent restaurant called Fiamma. Food was fresh, hot…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, be aware of unrenovated rooms!","I like the location (close to Paddington), but the hotel as (at least) one wing that with older and non-renovated rooms. These are very noisy (no noise isolation to adjoining rooms or the hallway) and you might be hearing your neighbors loudly opening and closing their room doors all night. The specific room that I was in had locked door that connected it with the neighboring room and I could hear every single word next door.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good business hotel centrally located,"Good location in central London, just next to the Edgware road tube station, Not too far from Paddington station. Stayed here for a conference. Been back here now for the 4th or 5th time (same conference) The rooms are reasonably sized. It has undergone a refurbishment of the check in area since I last visited a few years ago.(was undergoing renovation that time). Overall good experience.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really Happy,"Received a warm welcome and upgrade of room, our room was available very early, and check-in was swift and professional. The room was lovely, bright and warm and the bedding and furnishings was luxurious. The bed was huge and so comfortable. The breakfast was outstanding and service was exceptional. Really happy with what we paid and what we got. stay here again in a heartbeat. wont even bother to shop around for a deal. Location was perfect for Paddington Station with a quick 5 minutes walk, and subway across the road. This place was fantastic.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
3188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,waiting in the foyer for 40 minutes,"The hotel itself was lovely,  but unfortunately we waited 40 minutes with a six year old child after a long journey in the hotel reception because  the room wasn't ready we arrived at 3.00 on time for check in but waited and waited for another room,  I was greatly disappointed with the service., the room was also cold and I could not adjust the heating to a suitable temperature. ",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
3189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Luxury,"We had a superior family room for four persons. The room was so clean and perfect for a family. The hotel is big or huge comparing to other London's hotels.  Everything was so good but the location was little bit not what we were looking for, we wanted something a walking distance from Oxford street but in real it was little bit far.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One of the worst ever ,One the worst experiences I have ever had in my life....the rooms are very small.... they didn't clean the rooms of my colleagues for few days....the heater wasn't working. ..it was really cold .....it was forced to switch on the hair dryer for 15 mins to get warm....i won't repeat this nightmare nor recommend it to anybody else ,Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
3191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"In desperate need of an update - lobby looks nice, rest is not","I don't usually stay here, because it's too expensive, despite its good brand, and convenient location for the office, so when I managed to book early enough that it crept under the company expenses policy, I was eager to try it.  Upon arrival, I was told i'd booked a twin (I hadn't - this happened to my colleague too) and helpfully ""upgraded"" to a family room (like a twin, but one bed is queen sized). It was late, and I didn't have a big problem with that so I took it.  The room itself smelled damp and musty, and the furniture was old and shabby (compared very poorly to the nearby marriot maida vale, and london kings'). The bed was a bit lumpy but ok enough. I sat down (on the bed, the rooms are hardly huge, but this is central London after all) and put the TV on - static…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
3192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Money Grabbers,"Watch this hotel, I had pre paid my stay but I was still charged for breakfast.My stay has been debited but there is still several hundred pounds pending.Nobody can explain why.Make sure you have plenty of extra cash as this organisation can take 10 days to credit your account.The senior manager are keen to help, watch the checking in crew who tell you in correct information.Rooms are horrid in the East Wing.Lounge service slow.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
3193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,From 1 star to 4 star,"Me and my friends had booked a family room, which has room for 3 people.  When we entered the lobby everything looked very nice and upgraded. So we couldnt wait to see the room!  But the room was terrible !! Old and smelled bad ! Like someone had sprayed the whole room to make it smell nice.  There was also old food in the fridge from other people :/  We went down to the lobby again and complained. It seemed that we had been given a room in the old part of the hotel. So there is a new redecorated part , and there is a old part with old rooms.  The nice gentleman in the reception was very understanding, and upgraded us for free in the new part of the hotel ! :) We went from 1 star to 4 star!  The new room was twice the size and was perfect for a girls-weekend! :)  Thank GOOOD we…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,On the high end side and conveniently located,"Hotel underwent a major refurbishment of the lobby lately and the result is impressive : luxurious, modern, bright and airy. Rooms are rather large for London and it looks like refurbishment for rooms is also underway. Standard rooms (refurbished) have now a sleek and contemporary feeling. Superior room, although more luxurious, are a little bit worn. Bedding is very comfortable and the hotel quiet : overall, good quality sleep. The neighborhood is convenient : acces to transport (tuibe and trains), stores and restaurants nearby. On the negative side, the hotel should pay attention to rooms maintenance: quite a few too many items are loose, worn or not properly fonctionning. Although it is not proper to open a floor and provide rooms just underneath a floor under major…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"This is a very nice hotel, the location is very good - you can walk everywhere. You can get large family rooms and all rooms that I have seen are large (for London) and the beds are very wide. We even had two people using one bed. It is nice to be able to have something to eat and drink in the hotel.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average in everyway,"Stayed here on business for several nights. There is nothing wrong with the hotel in any way but it is simple average in every possible way. Rooms are tired (in east wing) & in desperate need of a revamp. Bed was OK but nothing special. Service again was OK but you never got the feeling that the staff wanted to help & be of service. Breakfast was the usual spread in a big hotel and catered for all tastes although the 'egg chef' refusing to do egg white scrambled eggs was a surprise. Parking is horrendously expensive at £35 / day. The gym was a very poor affair - tiny room (for a hotel this size) little equipment , minimal free weight & two treadmills were broken. Good for business , but not a holiday destination for sure",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very Bad Sleep, overpriced breakfast, disappointed... again","It actually started well. Hilton offers you check in options via your mobile and that is very convenient and it speeds up the check in process. That is the only positive points. I got a room in the Tower. Even though Hilton is advertising that the hotel is under renovation, that tower does not seem to get anything new for the last 2 years.  Worse than this, I woke up at 5am because of a pipe noise or ventilation that just did not stop.  Fortunately, I stayed one night only.  The breakfast was in a huge meeting room because I do not know what reason and I believe it was more simple than it used to be.  For that price, I would expect more.  Go to Pret a manger next to the hotel. Cheaper and better.  Disappointed... Again.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
3198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,my favourite london hotel,"This is hotel has everything you would expect to find in a Hilton hotel in the centre of London, It even has swimming pool, yet it maintains a reasonable price. The rooms on the upper floors are the best. It is a huge place, but it you only really notice this when you realise how far you have to walk to get to breakfast.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,AN AMERICAN EXTRAVAGANZA,A hotel very much along New York lines. This hotel is huge and it can take quite a few minutes from your room to the main reception area. No shortage of Bars but furniture is a bit tacky. Some of the items on offer along the main corridor in the display cabinets are quite interesting and nicely priced. I bought a watch on my last visit and a good quality hotel dressing gown.  Overall a good experience and conveniently located for Oxford Street and Heathrow Airpoprt. Edgeware Road Tube Station is right opposite the hotel - very handy!,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Little investment = poor quality product,"One night only was my intention, now its no nights only for this underinvested property.  The Hilton Honors desk manager checking me in was brilliant, he give me an early check in and an up-grade.  I got to my room in the Tower Block and if that was the up-grade what rat warren were they planning to put me for £177 per night?????   I wasn't going to be in the room other than to sleep, my schedule was busy, so I let it slide.   The service in the lounge was patchy, they asked if I wanted to keep my tab open as I had my meetings, of course thank you I replied, only to experience the signing of a bill each time a coffee was served.  Then came breakfast. I was down early, 6:10 - it was empty - the little lady who met me told I could be in the breakfast room until 6:30 - I said…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
3201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,Good hotel with helpful & friendly staff.  Excellent breakfast.  Some variance in room quality but staff helpful to upgrade customers if you are unhappy. Central location and close to the tube station.  Look forward to staying again in the future.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Metropole,"The location of the hotel is good just a few meters to the subway station Edgare Road, and ten minutes walking to the Paddington railway station (heathrowexpress connect you straight to the airport) . The hotel is old and big probably the lobby was ""upgrade it "" the hotel looks old the furniture also, the food is good but you must go to the breakfast early otherwise you may wait a long row. The staff in the business lounge is friendly but also there is hard to get a free table during the breakfast and dinner. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Reliable chain hotel - don't like discretionary tips added automaticallytto bar bills,"It 's a good location with easy access to the main city centre attractions. There is a good cafe nearby called 8 Cafe for snacks at a reasonable price. Check in was easy and the receptionist was very friendly and helpful. Unfortunately the room smelt of cigarettes so we went back to the main desk to request a change of room. I was disappointed that the response was; ""well that's a non smoking floor"" and then no apology. However the new room was clean and decor was, as you would expect from a Hilton. We didn't use the pool or the evening restaurant so I can't comment. We did use the bar, a little on the pricey side but it's a nice bar and the service was good. My only issue regarding the bar, is that the 10% service charge is added onto the bill automatically although it is…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Could do better especially for HHonors members,"I have stayed at the Metropole a few times in the past and found it not the best compared to other Hilton's in London. Despite being a Hilton Diamond some of the rooms I've been given are not good, although this time we got a new room in the West wing. The room we received was only that good after having the desk clerk saying I'd completed the e-check-in and would get the room I chose. This is despite being Diamond and being entitled to an upgrade and the e-check-in page saying that by using the service you receive a preferential upgrade. It took some explaining before they said yes there was an upgrade but normally if you did the e-check-in you don't get upgraded. Having arrived in the room there was no complimentary water which is normal for HHonors guests, I eventually had to…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
3205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location ,I stayed 3 nights in this hotel. The location is great and the hotel and rooms are very good. I will stay again in this hotel.. but the breakfast it is really wow.. all type of breakfast they have.. only 1 thing is negative that the bathroom is little small.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location / micro-rooms,"Location is excellent for business travelers or shoppers, 10 minutes on tube to Oxford Street. The rooms though are minuscule, and quite overpriced. Next time will get back to Hilton Paddington, even if more expensive, as at least the rooms are breathable.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Price For An Average Hotel,"You know Hilton is a pretty reliable chain and you can expect a decent hotel when staying in one of their locations.  Well, this branch of the Hilton promises much when you view the public areas, which are all fairly swanky.  However, the bedrooms are below par for the price charged.  My room, whilst not bad, but it was not what I would call good value.  The room was clean, tidy and a reasonable size.  What let it down was the wholly inadequate excuse for noise reducing double glazing, which unfortunately allowed the continuous thrum of noise from outside to intrude.  The other issue, that I felt was not in keeping with the standard that I would expect, was the towels that were as rough as sandpaper, not nice! The saving grace, the staff were all very helpful and friendly,…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beware of Renovation Works,"Stayed for two nights in a deluxe king size room. The hotel is well located, only a one minute walk from Edgware Road tube station, and access to plenty of eateries on Edgware Road.  Upon arrival we were delighted to receive early check-in and a room upgrade to a deluxe room on a higher floor from a friendly receptionist. We experienced great customer service throughout our stay.  The room was a bit shabby compared to most Hilton's we have previously stayed in. The tap in the bathroom was broken, and there was an issue with condensation on the room window, meaning it was difficult to see the view out to the city (don't go for a deluxe room just for the view).  The biggest disappointment was the ongoing renovation works at the hotel. On arrival we enquired about the work, and…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Improved but still very busy!,"This is a big hotel which is always very busy.  Convenient for Edgware Road area but getting to some locations, even Covent Garden or St Paul's is not as as easy as my experiences with say the Hilton and Doubletree in Angel and Islington areas.  We were upgraded to a new deluxe room in the Tower Wing which was good, and access to the lounge which is always welcome.  Some reasonable food and drinks in the lounge too.  By the way do not wear your best clothes at breakfast time in the main restaurant; change afterwards as the breakfast food smells do stick a bit - they could install better air filtration systems / extractors to avoid this very easily but they have not!  Finally the staff were all very helpful, with special thanks to Carlos the concierge.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tried the Executive Room to see if the extra is worth it...,"It's not the first time here as when you stack this up against other Hiltons in London this place is quite simply easy to stay at and provides all you need. It can tend to be cheaper than others but provides more, quite probably because of its location right on the Edware Road and next to the flyover. But so what, as it provides two Tube stations across the road and bus routes to everywhere. Walking? Ten minutes gets you to Marble Arch. Remember London is cosmopolitan and has many cultures and nationalities, this area is I would say is more Middle Eastern and has plenty of shops for your interests. We tried the Executive Room this time purely as you have free breakfast (continental) and evening nibbles and drinks included in its lounge. Don't knock it, it's well worth it.…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good facilities,"Clean, great breakfast and helpful staff. We did have a broken socket in the room which we reported, and were a little disappointed only 2 teabags in room when we asked for more we got some first night but not second...",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge Hotel,Beware this hotel is very very large most probably one of the biggest in London.   We were given a room on the 8th floor in the 'Tower' for 4 nights. The room itself was very reasonably sized with a good sized TV and bed.  Housekeeping was efficent as were all staff we encountered. We had breakfast each morning which at £12 each is very reasonably priced especially for London. Quality and choice were supprisingly given the hotels size very very good. Defintely reccomended   Location is not too bad with Edgeware Road (Bakerloo Line) tube station just across the road. Reviews I had read before travelling cited that the area was quite 'Edgy'. We didn't encounter this much but I can understand the observation as there seemed to be foreign nationales and homeless people aplenty. …,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I had a great stay!,"I had booked an executive room on a higher floor.  I was actually given a voucher because the year before I had stayed in a crappy, noisy room without heat and hot water.  Please know that I am a Hilton Honors member, so I complained to the hotel staff, who did nothing but refund the wifi charges.  So then I sent an email to head office, and they offered me a voucher for an executive room for one night with full breakfast included.  I have to say that the Hilton gets it right- especially when something has gone unintentionally wrong!  My room was great, the service impeccable as usual and even the breakfast was amazing!  That is the Hilton service I expect, and to which I have become accustomed.  The hotel is right in Central London, awesome location, steps away from the Edgware…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A terrible start to our romantic Weekend!!,Very poor quality  Nice staff but Hotel was shocking.  The whole hotel was like a transit lounge.  We were given an easy access room and God help the less fortunate.  The bed was awful.  It must be assumed that they don't need things like hair dryers or slippers or anything and a third world mattress !!!   Rooms VERY poor.  Rooms grubby and dated and even though the façade or shell looks great the rooms in both the Ease and West need an urgent uplift if they want to charge the rates they ask for !!!  Very bad value for money,Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
3215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fair,You need to pick a good room  because they have terribld small ones that u needed an upgrading. It was clean with good food. The place is not the best in London but some how central. The gym is small. The pool is good. ,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay and very good restaurant,"We stayed overnight in a family room and from the very start the staff were extremely helpful. We called at the hotel at about 10:30 just to ask if we could drop some bags off as we were not due to book in until the afternoon. The desk informed us that our room was ready which was a welcome surprise. The room itself was more than adequate and clean with two queen size beds. After reading some reviews about the cleanliness of the rooms we were apprehensive - but a quick inspection showed everything was fine. Due to our lack of planning we hadn't booked anywhere to eat and I'm not usually a fan of eating in hotel restaurants, but after not finding many restaurants nearby (within walking distance on a rainy night with two young children) we reluctantly decided to eat in the hotel…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Myriad of small problems,"A variety of small problems here, in 4 different rooms over 10 days: no heat, room not made up, shower wouldn't drain, bathroom flooded, moldy carpet not cleaned, LOUD morning construction directly overhead. Final room was good, but it took 7 days to get there, and although individual staff tried sometimes valiantly to address individual problems, there seemed to be no overall thought to providing a room adequate for an extended stay.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
3218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent customer service,"Tip: ask for the west wing (further from reception) rooms are quieter and newer. Stay was lovely after I was moved here.   Cons: It's near a v central tube station, nice shops around it but surrounding area is a bit run down. Also breakfast is good not outstanding.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Opaque pricing, impersonal and all-round disappointing",We stayed here for a night with our four children. On arrival we were immediately up-sold a larger second room by a curt receptionist who evaded answering our questions about the difference between the room we had booked and the one she was pushing on us. She sold it as 'being closer' to the main room but it was still on another floor. The main difference was that it was £70 more expensive.   The charges across the board were exorbitant and entirely opaque. We paid an additional £26 for 24hrs of wifi that we didn't ask for and didn't use. The rooms were pokey and stuffy and it was not possible to open the windows at all.  The breakfast was bordering inedible. The scrambled eggs tasted nothing like eggs and the porridge was burnt and gelatinous.   All of the employees we met were…,Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
3220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location!,Having booked a Deluxe twin we were upgraded to a Superior Room in the West Wing which was very comfortable and spacious although the bathroom could benefit from having a better shower. The staff were very courteous and helpful and our buffet breakfast the next morning was delicious with lots of choice! Thank you.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,So many better options than this tired hotel,"Stayed with a group at this hotel in Feb. 2016.  They were not well versed at handling a group!  Also put us in the oldest rooms I have ever experienced in 27 years of traveling!  The first one I was put in had a super foul odor, went back down (from 20th floor) to change to new one and they were ""put out"" by the fact this had to happen and was not very friendly about it.  Gave me another and it still had bad smell and also had a broken window! On the 20th floor!  We had to prop a pillow in the window to keep it closed and tolerate the wind noise and reduce the cold wind coming in.  No TV service in the room - couldn't get a channel to come in at all.  I called down and asked for the Internet code and was told I had to pay for it.  I said (because I wasn't recognized at all at…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
3222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Disgusting hotel, terrible staff, absolute disgrace!","Upon Arrival at the hotel all looked lovely we were travelling as a large group of 15 people staying in 6 rooms, check in was slow and unorganised despite numerous emails prior to arrival. As it is a special occasion my 30th and my sisters 40th birthdays we decided to book to have afternoon tea in the hotel we had a coeliac in our party so we informed the hotel at the time of booking that she would require gluten free alternatives. We arrived for afternoon tea our table wasn't ready so we were kept waiting, once we were seated we  ordered our drinks and we asked how big the afternoon tea was and we were told 1 between 2 people was sufficient so we ordered 4 afternoon teas between 8 people, our drinks were served but no food....the waiter then came and said that there were no…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
3223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great family hotel,"This hotel yet again has lived up to our expectations.  The family room is a great size with all the facilities you expect in a 4* hotel.  The only criticism is that the room holds up to 6 people, 5 in our family but the tea making facilities cater for 4 only.  The staff throughout the hotel were lovely and nothing was too much trouble.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Overnight Stay,We stayed at the Hilton Metropole for 1 night and can say the experience was first class from booking into the hotel. It's in a great place if you want to explore London and spend some time shopping down Oxford Street. I would recommend staying here.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Total ripoff ,I booked the hotel for my wife's birthday and was very excited to go to London and stay in a well known hotel chain. We were really excited as we walked in to reception it was really nice and huge and stuff as you expect I guess. As soon as we walked into the room we both looked at each other it was really like a 2 star or below room. I was really shocked and felt like they gave us the worst room they had. There were a lot of stains on the carpet also tv was a lcd or whatever but it was like maybe the first led that came out or they probably bought a used one. I have seen better rooms in London for half the price. I am really not going to recommend any one to stay in this hotel because there are plenty of other hotels in that area. I really wish I hadn't booked this hotel. And…,Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
3226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,a little bit too old fashioned,"Hi there I went to London for a week-end seminar which took place at that very Hilton Hotel. I have stayed at Hilton quite a few times and in the past, the hotel always exceeded my expectations. But not this time. Overall, I am more than disappointed. The rooms were small and some strange odor was in the air. We were offered to move into a different room, which we kindly accepted, but the problem was only smaller, but not gone. The room was located on the 11th floor, facing partly the opposite building, partly with a view to the city. This did not concern us much, since we were working during the day and sleeping in the night. Unfortunately, the room was throughout our stay very cold. We used the heating system, but this did not work like we hoped or expected. The bathroom was…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ruined 40th birthday weekend for the wife!,Absolute disaster from the beginning! Travelled from the northeast and arrived to the hotel at 12.15. Although I phoned the day before to inform them that we would be early they would try and make the suite available early but guaranteed by 3pm. So we were pointed to the executive lounge were we enjoyed to soft drinks and nibbles. I kept asking every hour of the suite was available to the answer of no but we will get back to you!! Never happened! So by 3.30 the last time I asked if suite was available we went down to reception to chase it as we were booked at the savoy for tea and then off to the theatre. After 20 minutes of useless helpfulness from staff members we were told the suite would be another hour! So we tried checking out and going to the Novotel as room available and…,Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
3228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel and facilities,"Stayed at this hotel for our wedding anniversary weekend away. On checking in we were upgraded to the next room level we had booked, really nice touch. The staff were very helpful and the hotel was excellent with plenty of facilities. Great transport links nearby for train & underground. Highly recommend this hotel with very reasonable prices",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,They don't care ,I have stayed at this hotel 3 times in the past few months and have given then numerous oppurtunities to get it right but I am of the opinion they just don't care  I had not stayed at the hotel for over a year as I was told by the general manager he wanted time to get it right  On my first visit the room was damp and the air con only blowing warm air and there were food cartons left in the corridor for a few days  I was shown to another room where they admitted the air con was not working and asked if I minded using fans  On my second visit I had the same issue with the air con stuck on warm and fans given again but the duty manager did apaulagise  In the morning there was drilling and banging as they were doing repairs in the restaurant in the top floor  When I complained to…,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location near Paddington,"This location is close to Paddington and multiple other public transportation.  There are portions of the hotel that are old and in need of updating, compared to other areas that are quite modern.  Executive Lounge:  The Executive Lounge is in the older portion of the hotel and in need of updating.  The internet access is poor at best.  The internet access in my room or other portions of the hotel was better.  Consistently getting dropped from the internet in the lounge.  Really disappointing. Restaurants:  Multiple choices in the hotel and surrounding area.  No complaints. Room:  Room was comfortable and clean.  I was in a newer portion.  My colleague was in an older portion and noted that the room was small and cramped. Staff:  No complaints.  Great service and quite attentive…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"This hotel was great for location, directly opposite the Edgeware Rd tube station. It is massive and had several exhibitions and functions on whilst we stayed. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast is plentiful with a good choice. There is a pool and gym, we did use the pool twice and the changing facilities were nice. Towels are provided. The Whiskey Lounge was a nice treat for my hubby, who is a connoisseur of the single malt! There was also a sports bar which looked lively. We booked a standard family room on the 3rd floor of the west wing, nothing special but very spacious, quiet and comfortable. Two double beds and a pull out double sofa bed, 2 TV's, desk, minibar, plenty of drawers and hanging space. A good base for sightseeing/theatre/shopping.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Close to Paddington, needs updating","5 minute walk to and from Paddington, and the Underground is across the street. Neighbourhood is nothing special, you have to travel to find any nice dining or other amenities. Staff very helpful and friendly, but room was very tired (chipped paint, broken toilet, worn out mattress). Only stay here if they offer a significant discount off their normal rates, and comfort is not a priority.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Last minute night away,"Visited as a last minute valentines night away, hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel facilities were excellent and in good condition, we stayed in a modern looking room on the 4th floor of the tower wing.   Breakfast was the normal Hilton standard which is always very good, only minor  negative point is the fruit juice dispencers were missing the chilled core so the juice was quite warm - there was ice available but wasn't suite the same.  Would definitely come again as it was a pleasent stay and very close to a tube station which serviced 4 lines.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ideal location,"We stayed in a newly refurbished room on the 14th floor with great views towards the City. Very good refurbishment of room and bathroom, with walk-in shower (but why do hotels never think to fit a hook for your washbag?). Excellent location, next to Edgware Road underground station and on numerous bus routes so easy access to the rest of the city.  Refurbishment was underway on other floors but only from 8.00-18.00 and Reception warned us of this when we checked in.  No inconvenience at all - just some vibration and slight noise from drilling.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"A few days away for a birthday celebration, big hotel - very well laid out - great staff and super facilities. Located opposite Edgware Road Underground so ideal to get everywhere -travel with ease . Great leisure pool, sauna and steam room with a gym too - children allowed in accompanied by an adult (you have to be in the pool - you cannot just be on the side) however if you choose to be in your swimwear on the side that that is acceptable??  the rule of 2 children per one adult needs to be addressed as with todays society is not always reasonable some familys have more children than 2 - they need to ascertain the swimming ability of the children not just judge 1 x 2. The restaurant cateres for all nationalities and was well stocked. We didnt eat in the restaurant for dinner…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel overrall,Local calls to the airline it was costing me $80 That was not right when I called English airlines. This location is Arabic area so just remember while booking you room Metro and taxis was close buy. Room views what they are advertising is falls I had city view room looking at other building. Not happy at all with location nor service,Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
3237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Small and compact room just for sleep,"I stay here 5 night the best thing it near subway station. The hotel around with librarian people look like live in Lebanon country . The breakfast is so late and not anything to have , the cleaness and bed is okay but very late to check in but quick check out  If it cheap it can recommend because of near subway just 1 min walk through ",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Need for improvement,"Stayed at the hotel to celebrate our anniversary. Had a mixed experience there. Many things went wrong, but some of the staff were amazing, particularly Kris Muhem (Operations Manager), Giulia Dilillio (Reception Supervisor), and Sergio Ottieri (Guest Relations) who really went above and beyond expectations to salvage our otherwise disastrous stay!",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect spot,We use this hotel due to its proximity to Paddington station. Ideally located for arrival and departure with excellent bag drop facilities.  We use the Executive Room package as this is far better value than the usual B&B ones and includes all-day refreshments and no queuing for breakfast as the executive lounge buffet is outstanding.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nicely surpriced,"One of the exceptions when quantity doesn't harm quality. Massive hotel. Territory or a small town I would say. That's why was prepared to be patient and not judging that quick. When I saw my room and how tidy and cosy it was.. wow. And the view is smth unforgettable. As a smoker I booked smoking room. I was not sure if it's evens smoking room when arrived. That's how nice and clean room was and not even a bit of smell of cigarettes. Nice and easy check-in. Polite and helpful, smiley staff.  Special wow have to say for room service. It was quick and spotless presentation. looked like the restaurant quality food I would usually go and pay for.  Well done guys!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, good location","The location of this hotel is great for those who come via the A40. Very welcoming greeting from Daniel on reception.  My husband had arranged for an in-room surprise for me (bottle of Prosecco) which wasn't provided so he was disappointed.  The Sports Bar isn't great, they just wanted to play MTV and my husband was hoping for football. The gym and pool were nice, small but as it was quiet in the pool (I went early morning - not sure how busy it gets later)that didn't matter. The breakfast was very good and the room was nice and clean. Overall we had a nice time, but if you pre-arrange anything, it might be a good idea to double check before you check-in.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Concierge!!   And ignorant behavior Management does not care.,"During my recent visit to the England,London. I was very excited about it, in order to make my trip a memorable experience I decide to stay with the Hilton Metropole,  In order to explore the city I requested concierge (Carlos ) to help me with the city map. Although, he gave me the map but was in a very cold and rude manner. He didn’t even bother to furnish the regular expectations from these high profile hotel concierges. He behaved like a budget hotel employee ruining my happiness and state of mind to make memories from this trip. I was surprised to see the kind of behavior from a les clefs dor golden keys member with the experience of more than 20 years in the hotel industry. The reason I am shocked and surprised because I am a les clefs dor golden keys member U S Chapter…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
3243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another excellent stay at The Hilton,"This was a return visit to the London Hilton Metropole and everything lived up to our previous experiences.  We were upgraded to an Executive room which was very comfortable and the services of the Executive lounge were excellent.  This is a good location for any visit to London - we were here for a Theatre visit to the Dominion Theatre, which was a short taxi ride.  Also the Underground tube service is very accessible.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,nice place to stay and good price with ''smoking rooms'',"perfect location for west london, hotel is huge, smoking rooms for us smokers whcih again is a real bonus. checking was excellent,  rooms not bad value for money , however i will say ours was very cold but this was to my liking, to be honest i think the heating was not working but i like a cold room..... only downfall is the beds were not comfy and the pillows to soft, and all in all the rooms could do with a make over..... parking on site also very very exspensive.... but we will be returning if we have the need to be in west london again",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bad experience,"Stayed in Hilton London Metropole for two weeks, when I arrived they told me that they will block my credit card for security but immediately charged in full and additional. Also I was asked if I would like to pay in my own currency (Canadian dollars) don't do that their exchange rates are worst and I lost around 70 Canadian dollars. Also when they refund what they have charged extra again I lost 18 CADs (after talking with them I was able to get 16 CAD back).",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
3246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fabulous stay from start to finish,"We stayed with our daughter who is a wheelchair user.  Not a great start as all the disabled bays in the carpark were taken up by supercars with no blue badges .. once we got to Reception to check in, I came upon Kris and spoke to him about the problem and he was nothing short of fantastic. What amazing service!  He went above and beyond to sort it out for us and to ensure we had a great stay. He really did think of everything to ensure that we were ok with our disabled daughter and didn't have anything to worry about. What an asset to your business he is. We will definitely be returning .. the hotel is wonderful and we felt very welcome and well-looked-after .. THANK YOU.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not good enough for the Hilton brand,"Spent a weekend here in the refurbished Tower Wing of the hotel. I expected to get a functional city hotel with no airs or graces. However, I did not expect a room that had recently been refurbished to have a damp problem. The bathroom had no air circulation and smelt badly of damp. The room exhibited condensation problems throughout - making it difficult to get a decent view from the 15th floor. The AC worked fine in the room. It simply did not extend into the bathroom. This damp and stale smell  was really surprising from one of my favourite hotel brands. At some point I was getting nausea after 15 minutes in the bathroom.  To be fair, this is not my usual experience of this brand and I was really disappointed that this had not been thought through. Other niggles include no…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton-quality standard,We stayed 2 nights in February and were very disappointed. As an average hotel it is ok but don't expect too much. The location is great but I would not recommend it service-wise. Don't bother buying the expensive breakfast.   The luggage staff was helpful.  Long queues for reception and not very friendly. We had issues with the TV in our room and we called to get it fixed but it took 45 minutes before someone came. When we returned in the evening our heating had been turned off and it was very cold. ,Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
3249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful place to stay,"Arrived in 10 pm after 23hrs travel from Brisbane. 1st thing noticed was the for man in his getup with a fantastic hat. Joked about guessing which was my suitcase by it's weight. Laughter is the best medicine after an exhaustive flight. Room was lovely clean, quiet and dark. Unfortunately I was not on local time.looking for coffee (not instant) found myself in the foyer at 4 am in the morning. The concierge scrounged me up a good coffee from god knows where and helped me sort out my internet access and international call roaming. Breakfast was lovely. No complaints.Will finely come back again.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good base,"Stayed for one night while celebrating friends 40th. Had a room in tower wing ninth floor. Room was clean, spacious although a little cold, we did inform reception of this but we don't think they did anything. Comfortable bed, good pillows, good sleep but woken at 8.15am by housekeeping, too early and not needed as we were checking out that morning. Would stay again, good value for money",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Metropole,"great location. Rooms with a great view on the higher floors. Stayed in King Deluxe - great city view. clean rooms , wireless. Tube stops right outside hotel and parking underneath hotel- ( although expensive if you are staying and parking for few days ) . Great stay would stay again",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic break to London,"We love this hotel and can't wait to go back, the service was fantastic, the rooms were great and spacious and very clean. We had a lovely meal and a fab breakfast in the hotel and a brilliant time in London xx",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Look out for Mr Tony Matarazzo at the Concierge,"This has been the 2nd stay here and Mr Tony has been nothing short of brilliant in going beyond the normal call of duty to serve my family. He has provided assistance to us that would be categorised as personal favours rather than normal services expected from the hotel. He is a very reliable man who can be depended upon to help with any information or even favours. If you do intend to stay at the Hilton, do look out for Mr Tony as he will do his best to ensure you have a comfortable stay in London.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nothing good about this overpriced, badly located hotel","What a rip off!  My colleagues and I booked into the Hilton Metropole for a 2 week stay, (@ 200 quid per night each).  We were very disappointed because: - the rooms were very dingy - getting to the room was quite a chore - long walks along endless hallways, up and down stairs - food in the pub was rubbish - location was only good if you love being in the kebab district - it was way too expensive for what we got  And they insisted on charging us in advance, (very odd!) which meant a complicated refund process when we checked out.  Maybe we just got ripped off on the room rate. However I'd suggest this hotel is approx 3.5 star quality and wouldn't have minded too much if we paid commensurate rates.  However to pay good money for a very average hotel was unacceptable.  Don't…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
3255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location and near the tube,"The new refurbished rooms were very nice and we had a nice stay. It is in a central location of London so easy to get around and quick to get back to Euston. Plenty of restaurants close by. If you are unsure of where you want to go, the concierge are excellent and very helpful.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel but great stay,Can't fault this place. Staff are very nice and the breakfast is excellent. Room was decent but nothing fancy. Comfy bed and very good wifi. Location is near good transport links which is good because it's not a nice area. The gym is small but has good equipment. Pool and sauna are good as well. ,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"I have been to this hotel many times and the staff are always helpful and will go the extra mile for you. The rooms, restaurant and bar are great 100% fro me at all times. Will always be happy to stay",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location! Great hotel!,"This hotel was everything we wanted. Great location near both Edgware Road underground stations, and a 5 minute walk to Paddington Station. The hotel itself was great, rooms were a good size (even with a cot, which they provided), the included breakfast had lots of options and saved us from having to find something in the morning. Next time we are in London we will likely stay here again!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
3259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"There are so many hotels in London, DO NOT choose this one!!!!!","This was the worse hotel that I have ever been to in my life!!!! The check out took over an hour and half, therefore we missed our flight and we had to spend thround of pounds to buy new airline tickets to fly back to our country... During the checkout: We paid 120 pounds deposit when we check in, they said if we didn't damaged the room or any other charge, they will return the money back to us.  When we check out, they didn't even remember the 120 pounds, so I asked them, the FO lady said ok.... I saw on the computer that you had put 120 pounds cash when you check in, now I need the receipt for it.....  I didn't remember about the receipt and can't remember where I put it.... (Too many staff going on when we check in)  the lady said... well, we can't give you back the money....…",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
3260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel down the road from Hyde Park Winter Wonderland,I enjoyed my stay at the Hilton. We stayed in a triple room that had enough space for 3 people as well as comfortable beds and pillows. I was pleasantly surprised based on the previous reviews that I had read.   We were a 10 minute walk from Hyde Park Winter Wonderland where we spent Christmas Eve.   The service was great. We were checked in by a young guy (Nick/Steve)  who was friendly and accommodating. We even received free wifi.  *wink  I liked the hotel & the small cafe on the ground floor that served Starbucks coffee. I wish we'd had enough time to make it to the gym sauna.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not My Shade of Lipstick!,It's apparent the hotel either does not wash the towels or washes them poorly since that's not my lipstick on the towel!  Otherwise the hotel is renovated and has fixed one of it's pressing issues in the past which was poor wireless connectivity. Now there's a router in the closet!,Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Modern,"A very big central Hilton hotel, but they somehow manage to keep it also friendly.  There can be quite a walk, depending on where your room is, but it is rewarded by the size and cleanliness.  Breakfast is good as expected.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but exec lounge/room a let down,"The hotel looks stunning in the lobby - with bars, shops, restaurant and café.  We booked the exec lounge which was very disappointing compared to other lounges I have used.  First it closes at 9pm at weekends and it only served alcohol for a couple of hours in the evening. Our room was large but in need of some TLC. Only a 2 min walk from the Edgeware tube station.  M&S, Starbucks and Waitrose all within minutes of the hotel.  Our room was on a busy noisy road  -so ask for a quiet room",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,First time at Hilton metropole,"An old hotel trying to refurbish some of its room, not quite doing a good job of it. Noisy with construction jobs going on during the day, found it difficult having a nap one afternoon during my stay. Had to change rooms twice during my four day stay.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Modern American hotel in Central London,"We chose this Hilton hotel to fit a family of four in one room in a Central-London hotel. That's easier said than done;) But this hotel is roomy and the children also loved the pool. Breakfast was really good and the location is conveniant, but a bit noisy (which is a normal side effect in the centre of a great city..) It is a huge hotel with more than 1000 rooms, and lots of conferences and banquets going on all the time. After 10 night here, we felt we had met people from all over the world in the elevator only.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge but lacks of personality,"Stayed only for one night and found it a bit ambiguous. On one side there is the huge size being the biggest in Europe. Long corridors, shops within and big restaurant and bars. The rooms however show a bit of impersonality, empty shelves and empty units. Tv with exposed cables and the signal blurs when walking past it. Good offer or 2 bottles of water and shortbreads but poor selection of bathroom products. The bar on the ground floor is very sleek and modern but the swimming pool seems very backdated. Great location and good service. Would need some (proper) room refuebishment and face lifting.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel maybe slightly pricey,"I use the Hilton metropole quite a lot for work due to the location and convenience. The rooms are normally of a good standard and the food from both the Restaurent and the sports bar are now very good.  I find the sports bar is great for when I am away as it serve bar style food ( not a huge choice) and normally has he football on , which is great.  The gym is small and very busy on a night but there is a steam room and swimming pool.  I would say the service is average at best and if you do have a work allowance allocated to your room they also struggle to get this right.  All in all great for work.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"A very large hotel, convenient to Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express. Rooms were small but recently renovated. Wide choice of restaurants nearby, used the business center which was great. The staff couldn't have been nicer.  I also used the baggage stow service after I checked out to do a bit of sightseeing and that worked out very well.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"I stayed here a couple of weeks ago for a business trip and found the hotel to be perfect. It is very clean, very friendly and helpful staff and although I only ate in the hotel once for breakfast; this was delicious. The location is ideal for transport and is within walking distance of plenty of places to eat and places for amenities. I would recommend this place for sure.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel..let down by concierge ,"Have stayed in this hotel a few times over the years and always found it to very good. Even better now that a lot of lobby area refurbishment is complete. Room sizes are hit and miss but as i normally travel solo never an issue.  I had 2 problems this time and both with the conciege. I have never had cause to complain in past. However first day i noticed there was no plug near the bed for my phone charger. A real pain. I asked the conceirge for an extension wire and it was just ""no because they are all out"". No offer take my room number and let me know when one became available. Ended up dragging the bed across the room to be near a plug.  This morning on checking out at 445am i asked the conceiege if he could hail  me a cab to Victoria. I had mentioned it to the conciege the…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
3271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"A nice hotel, which has benefitted from an upgrade since my last visit, but we were very disappointed with our room. Having gone to the expense of upgrading to an executive room we expected something better. In 2016 in one of the busiest cities in the world I did not expect to have to get out of bed to turn the light off!  No bedside table, no bedside lights or electric points, no access to light switches from the bedside.  A strip of bare wood nailed to the wall, half a headboard. Wallpaper peeling, paint chipped really not acceptable. Also disappointed that reception were not really interested in our complaints.  Bar staff all very professional and friendly. Afternoon tea very good. Executive lounge was excellent for breakfast, except the coffee machine was broken, but during…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
3272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Recommended,Could not find anything to fault our stay at this hotel. The location allows access to two Tube lines and Paddington Station is a short walk away.  The staff extremely helpful and the room was comfortable. Plenty of local restaurants.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Weekend in London,"Big hotel, great service, good location next to Edgeware Rd underground stations, good view from 11th floor room, complete with mini bar. Children enjoyed spending time in the swimming pool. Plenty of choice for breakfast & dinner restaurants down Edgeware Rd.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing holiday season,"Had an amazing week at the hotel over the holiday season. the staff (Vanessa, Roberto, Izabela and Shemal) at the EDG bar and Fiamma restaurant provided excellent services. We had a family afternoon tea party on 02/01/16 which was outstanding!! our friends from the U.S thourghly enjoyed it!! thanks to Anna Danuska and Antonalla! we'll return over and over again!",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole best choice for London,We recently stayed at this Hotel and the experience was excellent. Ideally placed for shopping on Oxford Street and the theatres. Staff and quality of accommodation and food were excellent. We would definitely use this hotel again for business or pleasure.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible.,"Absolutely worst hotel I've ever stayed at.  Everything was chaotic and terrible rooms, horrible elevators, horrendous service.  Never NEVER NEVER again!!!!!  Also, horrible follow up as I wrote them a complaint and they didn't ever reply. ",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Disappointing Hotel!","Having booked the weekend away for my boyfriends birthday, we were very much looking forward to staying in the Hilton! We travelled with another couple who booked the exact same room as us. We walked into our room and was hit with a horrible fishy smell, which really did not get any easier to put up with. We had to walk around the room one at a time as the room was so small. After unpacking we then took a walk to our friends room who was only at the other end of the corridor, they're room was spacious, smell free and a much bigger bed... We arrived back at the hotel at 9 where we then discovered our TV was not working, rather than kick up a fuss, we went to watch tv in our friends room. On leaving our room, there was a continuous beeping sound which we could not work out if it…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
3278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tip top customer service!,"I rarely review hotels but I thought I would review this one as the staff were so helpful.  The first room that we were allocated was not particularly nice (on the seventh floor in the Tower wing) so my wife asked if they had another one.  As we are Hilton members they offered us an upgrade to higher category room on the 22nd floor, also in the Tower wing at no extra cost, which was very nice.  However we had only been there five minutes when we noticed the drilling, seemingly in the room next door!  Reception confirmed that this was going to continue for another three hours until 5pm but when my wife explained that we were on a (very rare) trip away without our two boys they upgraded us to an Executive room, again at no extra cost.  Two room changes within half an hour and all…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really outdated rooms,I reserved a King no smoking room 6 weeks before my trip and upon arrival was offered a twin or king smoking. The room was so small I had to crawl over the bed to get to the desk area.  Additionally my mini bar was screwed shut to serve as the TV stand.  I will not be staying their again unless there is major renovations.,Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
3280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and facilities ,The hotel has everything a business traveller requires. The rooms are spacious and well equipped. There are a number of bars and eateries which are reasonably priced. The location is excellent for easy access to the underground. ,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel ! Good value ,"Great location, so easy for the tube.  The hotel is massive and actually public areas very nice.  The beds however are the worst I have ever slept in - wow I really didn't think you could find such a poor standard anymore. Shocking !  Staff were far too busy to speak to, but needless to say the queue was so long we couldn't complain but didn't get any sleep  Don't stay in 871   The breakfast though was excellent and given the shear volume of visitors the staff did an exceptional job; the buffet was well stocked, service cutlery all clean and items fresh and hot, really impressed some smaller hiltons could do with a few lessons from this hotel. Plus great coffee !!!! Again some smaller hiltons need to pay a visit as most can not make coffee or should I say the staff don't change…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,"Checked-in in the morning and my room was ready and reception completed the check-in process very quickly. There were several blocks in the hotel and upper floors seemed better. My room was newly renovated. There were big flat screen TV, lots of TV channels, nice bathroom, ironing table, iron, coffee & tea. There was a mini refrigirator. I didn`t take the breakfast as there were lots of alternatives around. Closest one was the M&S food just accross the street. Hotel was just a few steps from Edgware station where you can reach whole major attractions within 10-15 minutes by tube. Also hotel was very close to Paddington station. There were some restaurant and bar alternatives just behind the hotel; next to the canal. Only negative thing was the wi-fi; which you need to pay for…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A pleasant surprise,"I always said I would never stay at another Hilton hotel after a bad experience at the Hilton Canary Wharf. However I needed a room quickly this weekend and choose the hotel through Secret Hotels. You do not know the exact hotel until you have booked. I was disappointed to find I had booked a Hiltol hotel. I should not have been concerned because this Hilton could not be better.   The checking in was very smooth, with lovely staff. We were immediately given an upgrade to a superior room without asking. The hotel reception was clean and quite plush.  There were plentiful fast lifts to take us up to the 13th floor.   The room it's self was large with two double beds. The view across London was stunning and there was floor to ceiling Windows so you could get the full effect. The…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Christmas party stay over night,Stayed here whilst attending a Christmas party - this hotel is huge - several wings to it almost like a small town - all the areas are clean and as you would expect - checking is quick and efficient - I stayed in a double room - it was good for purpose wouldn't want to be here for mire than one night my view was another part of the hotels roof - food off thud Christmas party was ok but there were about 500 people there so mass catering which I think says it all never great - drinks expensive - breakfast was good and everything was fresh and not dried out as can be sometimes with a buffet breakfast,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location for Paddington station but ...,"I was finishing late in London and needed to travel west early the next morning. The location is therefore great and the staff were great trying to make my stay good but given the scale it does feel like you are being processed in a factory. Hotel, despite a number of refurbishments is showing its age, especially my room. I t looked good but heating/cooling was not working, the shower was in poor condition and the multiple refurbishments were obvious.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Far from expectations,I went with my colleague to London for the business purposes. Upon our arrival at the hotel we were told that Wi-Fi is not included in the room price. The next day I was told by my company that they have special corporate rates which include Wi-Fi. When I went to the reception to tell about that the staff was very rude with me claiming that they are right. I was insisting and made them to double check this information. After several minutes they returned and without apologies gave me a Wi-Fi code. My colleagues from another office had the same problem but with breakfast. They were trying to convince the staff that they have breakfast but nobody was listening to them. After three days finally they checked the rates and guess what... the breakfast was included. This is absolutely…,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Warm Welcoming Stay,"Hilton Metropole London was the hotel of choice for our winter trip to London 2016, and I am happy to report that it did not disappoint. On the contrary, everything was up to par with other Hilton hotels, if not better. From the swift check-in process to the informative concierge, to the prompt housekeeping--everything was efficient. What is more, the rooms that we stayed in were clean, modern and spacious. We opted to stay in the west wing which is newly refurbished. We also enjoyed the breakfast buffet, which was well stocked with an array of food choices. The waitresses were all smiles and friendliness; eager to help and accommodate.     One other attribute of the hotel is its location. Oxford Street and Marble Arch were around 20 minutes away by foot. The Edgware station was…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location ,"We are stayed there for 5 nights, the room was very small, and tired, you need to ask for tooth brush, not to mention creaky bed. The good thing was the hotel near the edgware tube station and public transport. If you out all day and back only for sleep I think this hotel just find. ",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Get high, get a great view","We ended up on the 22nd floor of the Tower, looking out at the panorama of London. Worth the little bit extra over equivalent hotels in area. So convenient to tube and on many bus routes, and within walking distance of Paddington.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected,"From 22 to 25 January we stayed at the Hilton Metropole. We chose this hotel because of the good location and expectations that this was a great hotel. It is after all Hilton.  But..... When we arrived the receptionist told us that they didn't have more rooms available of the kind that we had already paid for (Deluxe, king size). He gave us the key of a very good replacement, the best he could, he said, a room with great view and free wifi. Wifi was not important for me, but shouldnt wifi be free in the first place on a Hilton hotel where the room rates are pretty high?   We went to our room in the Tower wing. The first thing we noticed was an odd smell. It was like it was used scented air fresheners to cover up another smell. The view we were promised, was good, but had to be…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
3291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not 4 star,"Stayed here last week for 4 nights. We had a family room for 5 of us. We were very disappointed. Our room smelt like someone had vomited in there. I complained about the smell & they sent someone up with a machine to air it out. This made it better - but I would of thought they just would of moved us to another room. Even after the ""cleanout' , every time you walked into the room you could still smell something. Overall the wing we stayed in looked very tired - chips & cracks everywhere. Beds were creaky as well. I would also expect free wifi in public areas as well. After 7 weeks in Europe - this was the worst place we stayed at. On the plus side all the staff at the breakfast buffet were very friendly & attentive.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
3292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good but expensive,Have stayed here a lot of time since it as located near our office in London. Friendly staff and very professional when checking in and out. The restaurant and bar are modern and well kept. However the rooms are getting a bit old and tired. So value for money you can find better in London,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,needs to be further refurbished,"a home away from home for 1,5 years, found it extremely well located and a true Hilton experience for a HH member. However, despite most of the rooms have already been refurbished, there is still a long way to go.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cold cold cold,"I stayed at this hotel while exhibiting at a trade show in the Monarch room. The room was fine, good size with good facilities. The air con unit even tho I set it to 30 degrees just blew cold air all the time! The next day I complained and was told it would be sorted. I spent the day working in the monarch room which was also cold!  That evening the room was the same just cold air. According to the air con control I never got the room above 18 degrees. Next day the monarch room was just as cold. I complained again about my room and they said they would supply a heater. On returning to the room I found a tiny oil filled heater which I turned on. After 2 hours the temperature got up to a tropical 19 degrees!!!!  When I pay a huge amount of money to stay in a hotel I would expect…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,When 'Standard' is not standard,"Several years ago I used to be a regular here. Since I last stayed the hotel has had a major refurbishment, at least on the ground floor.  The good; -Excellent location and close to Edgware Road tube. -Public areas of a high standard and spotlessly clean. -The staff I came into contact with were all pleasant and proficient.  The bad; - I stayed for one night in a standard room. The air conditioning lack of control meant it was stiflingly hot leading to poor sleep. The room was worn and badly in need of refurbishment. When I went for breakfast in the morning I realised the door lock did not work - you could open the door without a key simply by pushing with one finger! (Duly reported) - TV reception was poor - My morning wake up call was not received (I was awake anyway but ....)…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
3296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor room condition,"hotel is in good central location, staff very nice. However, the room I got was very poor condition, was old, dirty carpets on the floor. This room was definetelly not renovated for 20years or more. I would not recomend this hotel if all the rooms are in such poor condition.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Overall the staff are very kind and a little slow or disorganized. It's a very large property so they employ many international staff. The room was far too hot so we managed to open the very locked Windows. The breakfast buffet is very expensive. There is a M&S food floor across the street, just go there and get better food. The mini bar is electronically monitored, so if you take something out you are charged. We emptied the fridge, which they wanted to charge us for???  Any way you can make it work, just be diligent about your final bill. T",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Anniversary Trip,"We purchased two nights stay for my inlaws at the Hilton Metropole for Dec 2015. Upon booking direct with the hotel we mentioned that this was purchased as a gift. My inlaws have stated that they throughly enjoyed their stay at this hotel. The staff were very pleasant and very helpful. We called the hotel on the day my in laws arrived and asked them if they could put some flowers, or some fruit or something in the room for them as a surprise. The manager was extremely helpful and a gem to deal with. they provided a desert and a bowl of fruit complimentary which was lovely. As they were in London and wanted to make the most of the day on check out they were able to leave their luggage in a separate room where they had access to if they needed. The staff were really nice and…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better off at a Premier Inn,"During a 4 night stay i was moved 3 times.  I never actually got to unpack my suitcase.  Staff were fairly helpful, Management were extremely rude and actually called me a liar.  Rooms are old, tired and stained.  Very poor for the money you pay",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
3300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient and Very Nice Hotel,"I stayed here during my arrival for a major business conference and was most pleased with the service, food, room, and amenities. The host was always addressing me with pleasant comments and of course I frequently reciprocated the same. Always got great advice about eateries and shops around the area and the hotel provided a shuttle service to get me to some places nearby. The cost was a little higher than previous Hilton's but I expected this before coming over from the US. Quality everything in this hotel. Room Service was outstanding and food was great.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"In line, always","Staying at Hilton, whatever is the hotel, is a pleasure. They pay attention to your needs, they try to prepare everything before you could ask for, and if you are feeling ""lost"" sometimes (i was) they run to you asking to give Help. Keep going!",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,3-star only thanks to the service level,"This hotel is located 400 meters from Paddington Station which is great when flying to/from Heathrow, and not too expensive either.  When arriving at the hotel the service level was good and I was given the possibility to have an early check-in which was great.   Unfortunately, I was given the most worn hotel room I have ever stayed in. I have stayed in Hilton hotels in Dubai, Copenhagen, Helsinki, Moscow etc and all rooms and hotels have been in a good shape. I have also stayed in a few different hotels in London (always at the same price level) so I have a pretty good feel for the average hotel standard in London. On top of this, the room was very small and you were just able to pass by the beds (I had to lift my bag over the beds to get to the other side of the room).  The…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel for a quick stay,"Can't really fault this hotel on any level.  Travelling from Heathrow to hear is a breeze, probably the easiest hotel you can get to and the quickest.  Nicely laid out, with fantastic views of London from the upper floors.   Can't understand why hotels in the UK still charge for Wifi though.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Satisfied,"After an intense, yet relaxing, week we are leaving this hotel tomorrow.  Hilton London Metropole Hotel really lives up to its name and shows an extraordinary and highly luxurious atmosphere with great personnel and good food. Our week at this hotel was very enjoyable and none of us wants to leave this very central and nice hotel.   Pros: Lovely Personnel Great Food Good Service Pool, Gym, Stores and Restaurants Edgware Subway Station lies very close  Cons:  During the day the area was very calm and we met plenty of social locals, but after dark the streets filled up quickly with party-seeking people which can be a little obnoxious when your a family looking for good food outside the hotel.   Special thanks to the receptionist Daniel, who helped us with our wifi.  //Daniel ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Friendly, helpful staff popular with regular guests. ","I visit many Hiltons. This is the first where clients come straight to the Executive lounge to check in!! I checked in normally (using the front desk) and they were great. I used the executive lounge to do some work, rather than sit in my room, and was surprised at how busy they were. The rooms were of a good size and clean (great shower btw). All of the staff were pleasant and attentive, Joanna and Shadi were very attentive and helpful to all guests. The on site gym is a tad small, but has a rowing machine as well as the usual cross trainers and cycling machines. The pool is a good size and it has a sauna / steam room. Would definitely come back here. ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,We stayed here at the end of a 6 week European holiday and it was an ok hotel. Very big and impersonal but rooms were comfortable. Didn't seem to be able to control the room temp and had to pay for internet if you wanted to use it. Wouldn't pay on principal. Plenty of nearby places have free wifi. The gym was good although very busy in the mornings. Had tea/coffee making facilities in the room high was handy.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Loved this Hotel,"We had a fantastic stay in this hotel. The service was good and the busy atmosphere of the hotel added greatly to the excitement of London. The room was lovely and we had a delicious breakfast. Also loved the swimming pool. Would definitely recommend this hotel, and great location.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Big, busy and boring","This is a big hotel, with lots of convention capabilities.  The mix of people staying there is very diverse.  There are always some sketchy people wandering through, and ""illegal commerce"" going on.  Not the greatest area, but lots of restaurants and activity.  ",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
3309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Absolutely awful,Service was so shockingly bad. Not kid friendly .. barely anything friendly. Friday night as staff were brilliant.  Saturday evening and Sunday morning staff were terrible. 3 rooms booked and all of us had seperate bad experiences. Complained to front desk and was told manager would contact us. No contact was made. One of the group nearly had a fight with the concierge after waiting 40mins to get him to book a kid friendly restaurant. He booked an Argentinian steak house and confirmed they served kid type food hot dogs and pasta. When we called they specifically said they don't facilitate childrens meal. When then challenged he shrugged his shoulders and said 'well so he was busy hotel has 1000 guests'. Awful awful awful ,Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
3310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not sure how this hotel made 4*,"This is not a 4* hotel by any stretch of the imagination.  The reception and check in area are very good in making you believe it is better than the reality. The room was a good size, but the bed was rather well worn. Springs sticking out left right and Centre. This made for a rather uncomfortable, sleepless stay. Breakfast was also to a very low standard. Very dry pastries, and very greasy, fatty (cheap ingredients) cooked breakfast. Even the conference facilities are not top notch. Some of the rooms were perfect but not all. One in particular is a long, narrow 'corridor' where only 2 seats can be fitted either side of the isle. This makes it impossible for people near the back to engage with the presenter at the front. On to the good bits..... the staff were all very attentive…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
3311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location and the money spent on refurbishing the hotel is really paying off,"I stay at this hotel a lot - its very good BUT very busy.  The exec lounge is one of the better ones, however the food aspect of the exec lounge is pretty poor at the moment  Staff are brilliant, always willing and helpful - nice pool - great location - perfect for the tube/underground, literally just across the road  Ideal for business meetings",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location but issues with rooms,"Great location opposite Edgware Road Tube and nice outlook over the canal to the rear.   My room was comfortable and modern however 3 others I was with complained about noise in their rooms. 1 from renovation work on the floor below which started at 6 am, 1 from the lifts and 1 from pipe work!!  Breakfast was average - good selection but in a hotel of this scale they are obviously doing mass catering and the quality of food was very average.   ",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great business hotel,"Convenient location, with Edgware Road tube outside and Paddington station 10 minute walk. Well equipped, comfortable rooms, swimming pool and executive lounge with standard Hilton offering. Multiple bars and restaurants catering for range of occasions. ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, staff and room","Check in was seemless and Laure (receptionist) upgraded us. I mentioned it was my wife's birthday and 24 hours later we had a bottle of prosecco and a beautiful cake! Thank you Laure. Staff are helpful  and friendly. Our large bedroom was wonderful, tea and coffee making facilities , good bathroom with individual accessories. Breakfast is the usual fare plus a large range of paticeries. I had a freshly made Eggs Benedict and it was delicious.  The hotel is opposite Edgware Rd.Tube Station. A great birthday weekend and a great hotel",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good service","Stayed 2 nights before continuing my journey. Good hotel with good service and HHonors recognition. Was upgraded to suite with small terrace of which i was very grateful. The standard room where my friend stayed however was tiny. Check-in check-out took awhile though as i understood it was big conference hotel. The room was modern and clean with comfortable bed and bedding, though sound insulation was not really good. Location wise it was very convenient, only few blocks away from Paddington station, so it was great location as i took Heathrow express. There were many shops, cafe, restaurants nearby offering all type of cuisines and many transportation options. I would recommend this hotel especially as a base to explore the city.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Practical hotel in central London,"I stayed at the Hilton London Metropole in July 2015. I was on a business trip but the hotel was overcrowded with tourists which is expected at this time of the year, yet not very pleasant for the corporate traveller. The hotel has all the facilities you'd expect from a Hilton, a very nice and convivial bar and lounge area and a decent restaurant. Location is excellent. However I was disappointed with the small size of the rooms and how old and used they are. Definitely not a Hilton standard! In fact the hotel is under renovation, so make sure you book a room in the already renovated part!",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overpriced + arrogant staff NOT GOOD.,"Huge hotel who seem to manage to chargetop money for quite frankly poor rooms, the staff are just so full of their own self importance they fail to engage with their paying customers, not smiles WHY are they unhappy in their work or just feel like they do not need to bother ? £35 a day for parking !! In tiny spaces you struggle to even get out of your car when parked.",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
3318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Huge hotel, great stay.","I stayed here for one night mid week with two friends, we shared a triple room which was huge. Plenty big enough for three women with lots of toiliteris and clothes loads of wardrobe space which was excellent and needed. The hotel is massive we had a few glasses of prosecco down in the bar before we ventured out for our night on the town. I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone. It's in a great location not too far out of town we walked to oxford street in heels so it can't be that far lol.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, good location, small rooms","This is a huge hotel located near the Paddington Statio (350 meters away). It has a great staff, but the hotel reception area can get a bit overcrowded. Rooms are small, and the matresses are not very comfortable. Security is fine. Pool is great and the gym needs some improvement. Overall, it is a great place to stay in London with a decent price for a 5-star hotel.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"For a family of five, this was one of the few hotels we found that could accommodate all of us in one room. Our room was spacious, comfortable and clean. The staff was very nice and helpful. The downstairs bar was busy and fun the few nights we stayed. The location is great, close to Kensington Palace, tube and restaurants.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,An ideal pied-a-terre,Very convenient location for Paddington and numerous bus routes to central London.  Well staffed and spacious reception area/waiting lounge.  Very comfortable and well appointed rooms  supported by very good housekeeping services.  Well organised breakfast area with very good selection of full and continental food.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very disappointing room, a health and safety risk","Firstly let me say I'm a very regular Hilton hotel user and the reason behind this is normally the consistency of the hotel in quality of staff, rooms and amenities. This time was a complete let down in the extreme. I booked an Double Deluxe room and got a small room that had two single beds pushed together. The real issue was it had single headboard covering half of bead and bare wall on other side. The safety issue was on bare wall where the switches were situated that were supposed to be beside single bed. So my head when sleeping in bed would have been against switches on wall, I'm sure the Hilton Health and Safety officer wouldn't approve. Come to Hilton and get a shock in the night doesn't work as good advertising. Normally a good hotel dropped the ball completely this…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
3323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A zoo,"I'm a very patient but even my patience was tested here. For a hotel of 2000 rooms, the staff seemed overwhelmed. Use of lifts was a dangerous with marching bands & their instruments. Management needs an audit. As a HILTON Honours member, I simply expect more. Although the rooms need renovation, staff training requires even more attention. This hotel is well located and charged a premium because of it. Despite this, I guess I need to find a new London hotel because as their occupancy rates are high with groups the attitude from the Front Office staff when I spoke of an old Chinese lady getting knocked over by the chaos as one of ""so what do you want me to do?""  Finally, one more word of advice: use food thermometers in your restaurant. Food should be maintained at the right…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
3324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good functional hotel,Stayed at the hotel 2 times. First November 2014 and August 2015. Maby not one of the best Hilton facilities it is still a very good and functional hotel for both business and leisure travelers as well. The hotel is very big with 3 different wings. It is perfectly located 2 min walk from edgware tube station and has large comfortable rooms though some of them are quite old and need renovation. The staff was very pleasant and proffesional. The minus point was on our second visit when we arrived to the hotel at 4 pm and were told that our room is not ready. Though we were offered a free drink at the bar that was not convenient at all since traveling with a child very tired after long flight. The breakfast was very good with plenty of choices for adults and kids as well. The lobby…,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay in convenient location,"I was very hesitant about this place due to the many negative reviews but decided to stick with the reservation because it was the only hotel I could find with 2 queen beds in a room --a necessity for us with 2 small children. The stay could not really have been better. The room in the West Wing was nice and spacious even by American standards. The staff were always nice and extremely helpful. They attended to our requests promptly. The food we ordered came quickly and with offers for additional help or items.  The location was very convenient, near tube and buses. Paddington station was a close cab ride. My kids loved the pool, although it gets crowded quickly with locals and guests. The numerous restaurants in the hotel were convenient.  I would stay here again without…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Small, dirty rooms","Never again, booked in for two nights missed first night due to travel delays, only to be told on arrival that our room had been sold and we could check in after 3pm, we arrived from our flight at 09.00hrs, complained and was given what I can describe as a broom cupboard, I booked a king size room, did not receive it, no apology, could not receive wifi and refused to pay for it when it should have been FREE.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
3327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel - refurb will make it excellent,"I stay here 3 or 4 nights per week.  Rooms are slightly dated but there is a full refurbishment under way and having stayed in one of the new rooms in the Tower Wing last week (15th floor) I have to say that it will transform the hotel.    The new rooms are excellent with brilliant lighting, which hotels oddly always lack, and great layout with spacious environment and numerous plugs.  Restaurants are ok, nothing to rave about.  Executive Lounge is good and provides standard Hilton service.  Gym is small in comparison to size of hotel.  Also only open from 6am to 10pm which is not great compared to other hotels.  Good range of cardio and weight machines.  Overall, an ok hotel which will improve after the refurb.  Will continue to stay because it is good value for money in the…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,New year stay,"Stayed here for New Year's Eve, lovely room and a fabulous choice of breakfast items. Swimming pool onsite for guests and a large lobby to sit in. Wifi is free but only available in the lobby area.there is a tube station across the road, and also buses running along the street.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The best hotel in London! And super friendly staff! ,"I've been in Hilton last week and I was surprised how nice this people can be there😊 Starting from the reception, then the room service and breakfast services. ..everything was great!   We will be back soon ! Respect guys!  Maria &Mirabela 😙",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good sleep great location,15 mins by ttube from St Pancras Eurostar train station for trains from paris. Or 4 underground metro stops. Also 10 min walk from paddinton train station with direct train from Heathrow. Edgware rd to Marble Arch about 20 mins walk with variety of Lebanese and mid eastern restaurants. They have family rooms that can sleep 5. A bonus for familiies. Plenty of places around the hotel for 5 ppund big Enish breakfast. A Waitrose 10 mins down the road for groceries. A laundromat on the next block for washing. Good small gym with an indoor heated swimming pool. Used the pool every day. Go early before the kids jump in. Staff are over worked and busy so the service is patchy but they try when they can. We loved the hot chocoalte in the room but sometimes they forget to replenish but…,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Clean rooms, helpful staff","Very clean, comfortable rooms, helpful, polite staff . Rooms were cleaned daily. The restaurant served nice food. We had problems with our transfers to the airport and the staff really helped sort the problem out. The concierge was also very helpful with tours etc as we had limited time in London.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Aa great location with all the neccesities,"Although as I understand it this is a hotel well known for hosting business conferences, my stay was for the typical sightseeing London holiday. The location therefore was brilliant as my family were always so close to several bus stops, the underground and the hotel taxi bay service at the front. Also being just a few minutes away from Paddington Station provided invaluable as when we arrived after a long train journey we could relax at the hotel almost immediately. We only stayed 5 days but I feel it was worth doing a review because the staff were so friendly and helpful even if they were a little unexperienced. Maybe some had been drafted in for Christmas and told to smile!! The evening food was fairly good and extremely useful as my sister got ill and could not go out for…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never Again,"I have stayed here many times over the years but resolved this week's two night stay will be my last. I've had too many instances of poor service and this week was the last straw.  I checked in and told the staff member that I had two separate bookings, one for Tuesday night and one for Wednesday night. She assured me I wouldn't have to change rooms and that there would be no problem. I took her at her word, as a number of hotel chains (e.g. IBIS, Premier Inn, Travelodge) that I've stayed in have been able to cope with this minor issue.  When I returned to my room late on Wednesday after a long day traveling and working, I discovered that all my personal possessions had been removed from the room.  It took four members of staff and 40 minutes for my possessions to be returned.…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
3334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,There are better Hilton Hotels in London,"The only good thing about this hotel is its close proximity to the Tube and is more reasonably priced than the nearby Hilton. However, the staff was rude and they would ""triple upgrade you"" to an un-refurbished room (that was like 20+ years old) from a recently renovated room that you had originally selected.  In that un-refurbished room there was a broken mini fridge with the shelve of the door fell out and the fridge wasn't plugged in. We called the front desk who told us the mini fridge wasn't supposed to be used when it was broken, and we could pay extra to rent another one. They were rude and not courteous. I will not go back to this Hilton again.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Top notch,"Love this hotel, stayed here several times. Get an executive room great comfort & style. Plus use of executive lounge. Sports bar great addition, good central location easy for mainline station (Paddington) short stroll away. Tube station even closer, lots of bars and restaurants close by.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average and vastly overpriced,"Booked this place via Hhonors (time share ) deal.We were obliged to attend a meeting to allow the rep to explain how a 33 year tie in time share worked.To be fair,no real pressure but I told them prior to my booking that it was a special occasion ,ie my wife's 50th birthday celebrations.They told me they would make it special,they didn't even acknowledge it.I won't darken it's door again.Food and drink is extortionate.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,City Break,"Well positioned with easy access to the City Centre, the hotel has excellent facilities as is to be expected of a Hilton Hotel. However best of all is the excellent staff, professional, friendly and attentive - a definite winner",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"Had a good stay at the hotel, Laura Casale was particularly helpful and kind. Hotel had everything we needed, fully furnished and pretty close to Oxford street - which was really nice. Overall, we had a nice stay. Free wifi if you sign up to be Hilton rewards member.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel,"I've just checked out of the Hilton Metropole.  What a great building!  The ground floor is huge and reminds me a little of walking through a Vegas Casino (without the actual games!) - loads of options for socialising, drinking and eating and even a shop or two.  If you want somewhere to hang around (like me, working!) in, this hotel is the one you need to choose!  I was upgraded - although if my room was any bigger than the one I'd booked, I wouldn't have like to have tried to stay in the original room!  I was in a Queen Deluxe I think and there wasn't room to swing a mouse, let alone a cat!  Too small really, definitely not good enough for two people.  I'm sure I could have arranged for a bigger room though.  The room itself was really nice, very comfortable bed.  A little…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old and uncomfortable,"I have stayed twice at this hotel on a business trip and I will make sure I do not get my room booked for the third time.  During my first stay, I have found insects walking over my suitcase and underneath my bed. I have complained and they changed my room to one that looked recently renewed. During my second stay, I have been given a room which 70s furniture in a very bad state. The room itself was not clean (there was a big bunch of hair next to the bed). Heating system is very old and crappy (there is no way to regulate the temperature). I was cold most of the time. TV was old and most of the channels were not clear. Wifi is weak which makes it impossible to work. Considering the price of the room, what you are given is absolutely unacceptable.",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
3341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Bad But could be better,Nice Hotel but not worth the money. Check in was a nightmare. Great transport links into town with local high street just a short walk away. Breakfast good if you can get it in the price. staff helpful. Found the Hotel to be on the hot side with the room air-con not the best. Parking a little dear (£105 for three days) but at least you car is on site. We did get an upgrade so had a good stay but i am sure there is cheaper for what you get.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent mid range hotel,"Big hotel with a busy environment.  Stayed in the west wing, asked for a twin and got 2 queen sized beds which were ample.  Good clean room, comfortable beds, staff were friendly and location is good.  Shower was ok but pressure was a little low....  Overall worth the money!",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great family trip ,"We stayed 3 nights in the hotel group of 7, breakfast included 3 rooms . Our rooms were on west wing, floor 12,great view ,spacious rooms and very clean. Houskiping Cristina very helpful and kind. Perfect location, only about 7 min walk to Madam Tussouds, 10 min to Oxford Street. 2 min to metro station . Breakfast amazing with a lot of choices. Staff very attentive Lavinia, Corina, Mihaela, Juliet and the supervizor Caterina were very helpful during 3 days breakfast. Reception staff absolutely 5*plus. Extremely professional and attentive -Andrei, Adriana, Oana, Dragos. Very pleasant stay. We will be back and recommend the hotel to all our friends from Dublin. ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, bad air circulation and mediocre cleaning","The location was great for a group of girls going to London for shopping. Close by Edgeware Road station and bus it was easy getting around. Two stops down the road was Marble Arch. I have never been a fan of bus, but when you get the hang of it you can save money and time.  Horrible air circulation in the room. Being on the 12th floor, the windows could not be opened so we had head aches every morning. Air condition was very slow, we had it on all day and the temperature fell from 25 celcius degrees til 24. In other words, or room were extremely hot.  Clean bathroom. Under the bed we found plastic, chocolate and a rubber band. Asked for extra cleaning which we got, but was not done properly, we still found the same plastic there when they were done.  Sainsburys and M&S just…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,New Years Parade,"Other than lacking in getting the room at advertised check in time (late by a couple of hours), the facility is great.  Concierge is helpful and takes charge of what you need.  Near a tube station (4 minute walk), and other needed stops (Starbucks, eateries, post office, convenience store, drug store).  I would definitely stay here again!!",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel and friendly staff ,"The location couldn't be better and with the lobby fully renovated,  everything is much nicer.  The room are nice and cozy, but what really makes me chose the Hilton metropole everyone I'm in London,  is the staff friendliness and efficiency.  Would like to make a special compliment to Joanna,  the executive lounge supervisor.  She apart from. Extremely friendly,  is always pleased to help. She is an example of quality customer service.  I really look forward to staying at the hot. In a near future and be hosted by the friendly crew of staff that the hotel has.  Thanks for a wonderful stay!   ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Very nice hotel, great communal area's that are finished to a high standard. Our room was a double on the 20th floor of the tower block with Great views out over london. The room was fairly small and basic but it's everything you need and it was clean which is the main thing. The hotel is in a good area which is close to edgware underground station and a short walk away from Hyde Park and Oxford street. The hotel also in a good location as its not too far from all the main places. A taxi to the west end area is approximately £13.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton at London,"Staying at a Hilton in London is indeed a dream come true. The hotel has anything and everything you ask for. I am really pleased with my stay here. Stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip and though for a majority part of the day I was out, still I really liked returning to the hotel.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic family room,"Stayed in the west wing superior family suite.  Great amount of space, great value for money. Staff all very friendly and helpful. Restaurant great value for money and great kids menu and value. Much more impressed than Hilton Paddington.  Will definitely be back.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never again,"MY wife and i  arrived New Years Eve to celebrate her birthday ,we were given a room on the 22nd floor which i thought would be great WRONG  on getting to our room  our room keys would not work so i goes back down to reception and was issued with two more on getting to the room only to find these did not work either. A chambermaid asked if we needed assistance and tried to get us in using her pass key to no avail she then radio,d maintainance who arrived in about 30 minutes they could not open the door either  Now my wife has mobility issues and was feeling faint so i asked for a chair for her  the man duly obliged and got one from the next room I asked the man how long it would take to get in the room but he could not give me an answer so i go back down to check in to ask for a…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rough Start,"Maybe it was because it was New Years Day, but when we arrived for late check-in at 01:00 on 2 Jan, 2016, we were given a room that was in the east tower that was supposedly an upgrade. We opened the door to the smell of cigarette smoke and what appeared to be someone sleeping in the bed!!. It wasn't, just a room that hadn't been attended to. Housekeeping had long left, so we asked for another room and were initially told they were sold out. He found one in the west tower. That was better, but had opened items in the fridge left from the previous guest, no face cloths and a wet carpet.   The requested linen was brought promptly and the half consumed items removed.   Things went better after that, but on the last day we were given a chipped and cracked glass to drink from.  The…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"This is my first visit to the hotel although I am a regular guest with the Hilton Group. I was very impressed with the ease of check in and quality and cleanliness of the room. The receptionist was very friendly and helpful. He appeared to be aware that I was a Honors member and commented on my recent stays within the Hilton group, following this he offered me an upgrade.I was allocated a Deluxe room in the Tower building which had recently been refurbished and it was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom had a walk in shower which I liked and was compact but not cramped. There were quite a lot of bars and restaurants available, which no doubt have to compete with the local offerings, but overall they appeared welcoming. I used the rapid checkout, which was simply a dial in,…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat,"Very central great lobby & bar area, room comfortable & quiet but bathroom needed refurbishment staff very friendly & helpful would stay again as most attractions in walking distance and also tube station next to hotel",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,large room for family,our family of 5 enjoyed the large suite in the West wing of this hotel - (rooms in the tower are much smaller - not sure about the other part of the hotel)   rooms were a little worn but acceptable.    convienient to underground station,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
3355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not that impressed,"When the bathroom has soiled towels and used cotton buds on the floor; it's not a good sign. Some good points e.g. Free ATMs, good food in the restaurants. Staff in the restaurant very nice. Don't get a room near the elevators. The rooms are not the same quality as the foyer areas. It's Ok but not much more.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
3356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Visit To London,"Hotel's location is in a central area of London, 10 minutes from Marble Arch and Oxford Street. Opposite Hilton London Metropol there are 2 metro lines thus giving convenience to go wherever places of interest you plan to visit. Excellent breakfast, clean and spacious rooms, many facilities. Must see places of interest British Museum, National Gallery, Hyde Park, StJames Park, Little Venice.  Lion King Musical!!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel . Central Location....,"When in London i always stay at the ''Hilton Metropole'', its 2 mins walk to the Tube Station, and there is numerous Buses takes you into Oxford Street, in Mins..  The Hotel itself is well run and the staff are an asset to it..  cannot fault this Hotel.. each time, is a great experience..",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole in London,"We stayed there during the christmas and where very satisfied with the experience. Good located central nearby bus, metro etc. Very large hotel but we liked it because they had a lot of different facilities like restaurants, shops, pool and fitness.  Internet was very expensive in the room but somehow we manage to get free just by asking in the reception - christmas gift :-)  Breakfast was also very expensive and we only ate there once. Instead we used local cafes and supermarkets.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly amazing,"We recently stayed in this hotel as we extended our nights from a tour. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the hotel. We had two rooms, one was small but this is not unusual in London. The breakfast was included with our room and had a wide selection, which was delicious. It is located in Paddington but there is a bus stop and underground station right near the hotel.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
3360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing customer service - Nice hotel - Good location!,"I want to tell you about a wonderful stay at the Hilton Metropole, and not least I wish to emphasize the fantastic customer treatment to the receptionist Daniel Vr. It was truly amazing. I arrived at the hotel Friday, 01 January 2015, and came by train from Liverpool. In Liverpool I had forgotten my passports etc. in the hotel. My flight to Norway went on Sunday 03 January. Due to holidays it would become difficult to receive it by the mail/post. Receptionist Daniel Vr took matters into his own hands, and took the train both ways from London to Liverpool so that I would get my passport and my forgotten stuff. Thank you my good friend! In general the experience of the hotel was very good; nice location, clean rooms, indoor swimming pool, training room and a lot to do, but the…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My Favorite Hotel Experience,Stayed  for 3 nights with my students in November 2015. The hotel is well situated for public transport and local shopping. The room was superb and really large. We really enjoyed the delicious buffet breakfast. Staff were nice on checkin.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely Stay,"It was luxurious and a pleasure to stay in the Hilton. Its very close to the Underground, everything is at reach (confectionary stores, bus stops, oyster cards). I would highly recommend this hotel. Facilities were excellent, including room service, and cleanliness of our room. ",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Small room huge hotel,"On arrival the hotel was huge, matched by the check in line. In fairness we we checked in away from the main reception by a member of staff but our room wasn't ready. The room was recently refurbished to a high standard but it was very small. With our travel cot you could not move around the room and the mini bar fridge was empty. Breakfast was very busy and we were directed to an overspill in a function room. ( breakfast was very good though) Parking is expensive and it was not upto what I expect and in general recieve from Hilton hotels hence the average score. I would not return to this hotel but will continue to use Hilton brand mainly for my Hhonours points. :)",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient,"Stayed her for 4 nights over Christmas.  For us a very convenient location with Metro stations within walking distance (Edgware Road and Paddington,  the latter also being a mainline station) and bus stops on the Edgware Road.  We did not have meals or breakfast in the hotel as so near to family who live in London.  There is a nice pool and fitness centre.  Well received on check-in and check-out when all went smoothly and the staff  efficient, friendly and helpful. The room was fine for a short stay, but with absolutely no view!  Whereas I am sure that many of the other rooms on the upper floors have lovely views over London  The only downside was the lack of plugs for charging equipment, especially as one of  the floor points was broken.  The internet, though, was rather slow.…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great 1 night stopover!,"The hotel is well situated for getting out and about with the Edgware tube station for the circle, district and baker line trains...Check in swift and easy, especially as I enrolled in the free hilton honours system, which enable check in via their app... and also free wifi, which was easy and reliable throughout our stay. We had a queen superior in the west wing and the room was superb and really large... the largest I have ever stayed in, in London..Breakfast in the morning was very busy, they had over a 1000 guest to feed, and although we had to queue, it moved fast and the staff were very efficient and handed out fresh orange juice and mini pastries to people in the queue! The pool area was a great size, well maintained and clean, and we had to pool area to ourselves which…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Christmas treat for my daughter,"1st impressions were great. The hotel is clean and bright. Checking in I was surprised to find we needed to pay a deposit of £30 per night especially after paying £400 for our stay. Our room was in the 12th floor, absolutely shattered as we'd been on the go from 5am (it was now 3pm) we got to the room and the key wouldn't work. We had to drag the bags downstairs and queue again for a new key. When we eventually got to the room it was smelly like dirty toilet smell. It did seem clean though.  Breakfast was 5 stars, dinner also. We also used the pool which was nice. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large, well presented hotel in great location","We stayed here for one night 25-26th December.  The location is great and I felt that it was good value for money in that part of London. What struck me was how quiet the room was despite the location. There is a large multistorey carpark which was £25 and is £35 on a normal weekday. The hotel is large with shops, restaurants, sports and pool facilities.  The decor is nice and as expected of the brand and the staff are very friendly and professional.  The pool was presentable but just not quite as well presented as other communal parts of the hotel. There was also an unpleasant smell in the pool areas, seemed like bad drains. The pool staff were polite and helpful and overall the pool area is pleasant with poolside chairs and magazines.  Our room was changed by the hotel before…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"decent hotel, good location","The good: Hotel is an easy walk to Paddington Station rail and underground and just across the street from Edgware Road underground. The location makes it a good base for exploring London. Room was clean and comfortable. Public areas were attractive and offered a range of amenities. Check in was quick and flawless.A solid, decent hotel with uneventful experience. Personally - I like that in a hotel, particularly when I know I won't be spending much time there except to sleep & eat breakfast. The rest: Although the room and main public areas were reasonably nice - the rest of the hotel seriously needs a facelift. The wallpaper in the halls is peeling in many places. The carpets and hall furnishings look like something out of the late 60's/early 70's - we were reminded of Austin…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel!,"It was a great time in London. I just never eat inside hotel it is too expensive I prefered to buy something to prepare inside the room, as bread and cheese to make sandwiches. I do not like deposit even if our company pays for staying costs.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Your experience depends on the room you get,"This is the 3rd time we stayed at Hilton Metropole, and my reviews for 2011 and 2013 stays have been erased by Trip advisor.  The experience in this hotel varies depending on the room you get, the wing you stay in and the person at the check-in counter. This time i contacted the hotel directly and told them about our relatively not so great experiences before, due to mismanagement rather than rooms, and this time we had a better experience, partly because I reserved an executive room. Executive room gave us the access to the lounge, rather than have breakfast at the fiamma restaurant and a separate check-in area.  When we first arrived- we had two rooms- one a suite- for two families, the check in and the reception was not so great, so instead of doing that at the lobby, we went…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average hotel with good breakfast,"Check-in was quick and room was clean. Cleaners did a great job every day while I was out. I did not spend a lot of time using the hotel amenities other than the sports bar and breakfast restaurant. Breakfast was good and hot when I had it early in the morning, I heard it gets very busy later. The sports bar was fun and the staff working the bar and area were great to talk to.  Wi-fi was quite slow (problems getting email) until late at night when I am assuming other guests went to sleep.   The Business Center charges 1 pound per page for printout so if your having a business meeting make sure to print your documents or presentations ahead of time!",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pathetic Service,"Currently staying at this hotel, have never experienced such a poor level of service before. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone. I would rate this hotel less than 2 star if it were possible.   Arrived at the hotel to an empty mini bar.  A bathroom missing soaps and shampoo. Missing towels.  Despite calling four times for housekeeping to rectify the issues, nothing was done.  The next morning i spoke to someone at reception personally and still nothing was done.  Furthermore, our room was not made up today, we returned home to unmade beds and dirty bathrooms.  Really, really disappointed.  ",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
3373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Huge hotel, huge on mediocrity.","Hotel feels enormous, vast, soulless. Takes a while to find room because of this... Found room very mediocre, some of the decor in the room and hotel in general was very tired; breakfast was in a dimly lit, windowless ballroom and felt very impersonal. The area around the hotel isn't great- walking  down Edgware Road feels unsafe and uncomfortable.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Quite good, executive lounge service worthwhile","I enjoyed this hotel.   Service: Check in was efficient and friendly.  The girl who checked us in was lovely, and made us feel at home.  Folks in the executive lounge were also pleasant and quick to restock anything.  I was less impressed with both the sports and lobby bar.  I did not find any of the staff all that welcoming.  Not bad service, but simply adequate. For the price paid, a simple smile would have helped with my overall sense of the place.  I would not bother going back to either the lobby or the sports bar.   Rooms The room was a good size, and fairly comfortable.  The bed was not the greatest that I've had but I'm used to the sweet sleeper at Sheraton so I found this bed too hard.   Room temps were hard to control but a call to the maintenance team resolved this…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just a London hotel.,"Stayed here for two nights 19th and 20th, room 1166. The staff from the outset were professional, knowledgeable, efficient and friendly for a large London hotel this was good to see. The check in was efficient, we were given an upgrade due our Hilton Honours status, this offered us a larger room, free WIFI and some bottled water bought to our room and complimentary breakfast. The room which I wouldn't call larger, but I guess that is London! It was clean, the furniture was in good condition, the view from the large window was ok but of Edgeware Police station tower! The room was incredibly warm and the temperature difficult to control via the wall controls. The bed was large but incredibly uncomfortable and lumpy and squeaked with every slight movement, it was the worst night…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,We just want to Thank everyone for making my wife's birthday and our weekend fabulous. Kristina and the staff in the executive lounge to miles on the sports bar everyone pulled out the stops to make my wife's birthday special so Thank you so much. Plus the hotel was so busy with it being the weekend before xmas l am so grateful for your attention and errors  We will be back soon,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Impressive hotel and great bar/food,"During June and July I stayed at the hotel several times over a range of weeks and saw it on good and bad days (busy and quiet)  The main problem I had every time I checked in or out was the delay at checkin.  I use Hilton in preference to other hotel chains but this one is the worse checkin experience every single time.  There are never enough staff and the delays at a time when you need to get sorted are really not acceptable. It is a shame because every other aspect of the hotel is great.  The layout is good, the rooms are large and clean, the service is good and the meals are consistent and up to the Hilton standard.  I would not be concerned about staying here again and plan to do so soon, but would hope that the checkin experience can be improved (in line with every other…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Basic,"Stopped for one night in a triple single bed room, basic but OK.  Rooms could do with being  refurbished,  hotel was big but it did us for a base for Xmas  shopping. It had all we needed and a plus point was the free use of leisure facilities. ",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"A lot of money for a room , but hey it is London!","Stayed here on business for one night and it was fine for what it was.  The hotel is huge, so feels slightly impersonal and food was OK, though not convinced that it is value for money  Check in and out was quick and painless and it is only a 5 min walk to the tube station.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Rooms ok, simple maintenance not even attempted",Stayed here as booked by my company for over 100 of us at £144 a night.  Check in was quick and easy and left my bag at left luggage.  I had a room in the Tower Wing on the 17th floor. The room looked fine from first appearances. I soon found that maintenance is not great at this hotel. I used the iron and found the plug half undone and so could see the inside of the plug. I used the shower and water was coming out of the bottom of the shower head where is connects to the pipe.   I then put some water in the fridge to have a cold drink later. I then left the hotel to attend a party and returned at 11.30pm.  I then found that the fridge didn't work and the water seemed warmer than when I left. I tried to look out the windows but they seemed dirty although it was dark.  I then set…,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great Room, Great Dinner","The room is super clean, very well decorated, and the dinning experience is impressed by friendly service and great food. The location is very convient for the tourist who plan to trip within central London, especially shopping area like Oxford street and Picadilly circus. This is excellent experieicne for all my family members and great enjoyment for this trip and stay in Hilton London Metropole",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,christmas treats,"I booked this hotel as a treat for my daughters birthday. very expensive the Saturday before Christmas, mini-bar soft drinks extortionate AT £3.50. Was still enjoyable though. Food was excellent and very good value for money although there are no hot desserts in winter . A starter was £4.00 just a little dearer than a Fanta drink from the mini bar. The staff are fantastic, 2 televisions in the room. Breakfast was awesome. Brilliant apart from mini-bar prices. Will stay again, always do 2-3 times a year here.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent but dated,"The room I stayed in was comfortable, but very dated. It could do with a fresh coat of paint to least. What I found most puzzling was charging for Wi-Fi in the rooms - it was only available free of charge in the lobby and it was pretty slow at that. It is conveniently located for the purposes of my trip and this is the only reason I would stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Stayed with two kids - was very clean spacious room family type with two tvs.  Slightly roudy guests outside room at 3am on day one but otherwise it was very quiet.  Breakfast was great, fab range and very fresh  Would definitely return.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Incarcerated at Metropole,"Old, dingy and dark. In the cellar to boot. My cell was on the first floor and not up to any Hilton standard that I have ever seen. I travel and have been to many Hiltons.   Either I was disrespected or the entire hotel is this way. If so, go the the Paddington Hilton instead. It is closer to the station anyway.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
3386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What a deception ,"Been there for the second time in 3 years for price reason 180£ a night. The only improvement since then is the refurbishing of he reception which was needed but unfortunately they have not redone the rooms. This is critically urgent as in my room 901 with no view the carpet had stains, the small bathroom was smelly, the mini fridge empty, not even water bottle!!  The room was not even done at 4pm when I came in... I will not go back for sure. ",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
3387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"We stayed here on a day out in London with family. The room rate was fairly cheap compared to most chain hotels in London. This hotel is big and with that very impersonal. I'm not complaining because the staff are excellent but people are just continually milling around and you do not feel at ease. So many people competing at the bar for a drink there is a lack of friendliness in such a big place. Value for money it is excellent even though the rooms are a little dated, for warmth and relaxation it is hectic but each to his own",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel for families,"We have stayed here a number of times in recent years, one of the few London  Hiltons which can accommodate a family of 4 in one room.  The hotel is a bit tired now, and it's vast, so  a long walk to the rooms! The reception area has recently been refurbished to a high standard.  We used the pool which got extremely busy and we had to wait as it was full to capacity on more than one occasion.  The breakfasts have always been great. plenty of choice and fresh omelettes etc cooked to order. Beware that it's a huge hotel , and is sometimes very busy with groups and conference delegates. It's not far from Paddington, only £5 in a taxi, and close to Edgeware road tube. The area is full of middle eastern restaurants of varying quality but makes an interesting change from the corporate…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"Our room at this Hilton hotel was decent and had a gorgeous view overlooking London, but our window has been left wide open with no key to close it so now me and my parter are now ill because of the freezing cold air coming through, and I was unable to sleep due to the whistling noises. Our friends got an executive suite and our room is better and bigger than theirs which I don't understand? The mini fridge has an extortionate price for example £2.50 for a mars bar?? We stay in Hilton hotels a lot and this is the worst one so far. Very loud 👎🏼",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average. Not 4****,"Chaotic check-in with coach trips. Hotel extremely busy, noisy and chaotic, which is probably due to it's size. Lifts take an eternity to arrive, which again is probably down to size of hotel. Room very basic. Unable to open window even though room was very hot. Needed maintenance to come and unlock it. Shower jammed and would not turn on. TV would not stay on. Unable to receive any channels. Not just our room but all of our party.  Plus points - Breakfast was very nice and location of hotel was very central. ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"Beyond all the glitzy entrance area and bars, I found my Tower wing room to be poorly lit, gloomy and  cold. It didn't look like the room had been touched since the hotel was built. The air conditioning unit was too feeble to make much difference so the room never warmed up, and the noise from the fan meant I didn't get much sleep. Only 2 power sockets provided, one of these was for the desk lamp which provided the main room lighting, so kettle and my charger had to share the one remaining socket. The staff and breakfast were OK but nothing special, so having expected this hotel to be excellent, I was rather disappointed that it failed to meet my expectations, which is unusual for a Hilton. The only saving grace was a cheap rate in the Hilton sale.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Winter Wonderland Visit,"This hotel is large and incredibly busy, it has a real feel of a bustling 24 hour London hotel. Rooms are of a reasonable size with all the amenities you would expect of a chain hotel such as Hilton. Excellent open gathering areas, meeting areas and a lively sports bar. Breakfast was excellent with plenty of choice and no limit on availability. A 3-4 minute walk gives access to 2 tube stations so very well located for transport links. Plenty of restaurants of varying types along Edgware Road so again plenty of choice of an evening if you did not want to go further into town. We used the hotel for a visit to the winter wonderland so we were able to walk from Hyde park in approx 15 minutes, very useful at the end of the night upon closing due to the vast amount of people looking…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Only Breakfast was ok...,"I am staying a lot in Hilton hotels and to be honest this one is really poor. We have a monarch suit, which was small, it was a problem to get second bed for our child even if we book for three people...and receptionist with smile said to me that King size bed is enough for three people...Come on, I am not coming to the hotel to sleep three in one bed!...Oh and did I mentioned that I am diamond status in Hiltons...We were alocated in west wing where service was poor, and I have to go all way  to the reception to get the key because my one didn't work. In the bathroom there was a blood...at 8 in the morning housekeeping came to my room to clean (Sunday)...even if I asked for late check out... Only breakfast was ok-big selection, and good quality food...But please-hire someone who…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
3394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Improvement Needed!,"Check-in was smooth and staff were polite.  From the look of the lobby, which is excellent, I was expecting the rooms to be of an equal standard.    They are not.    The room, although reasonably spacious needs some much needed updating. The mini bar was actually empty on arrival, the bed must be from the 1800s as it is very lumpy and uncomfortable.  The air-conditioning... Just doesn't work.  Doors are very thin and you can here people talking both next door (we had an adjoining room) and in the hallways. The TV did not work, only 3 or 4 working channels, and after calling for assistance the engineer who attended to fix it basically said...'yeah this tv model doesn't work...you need a different model'. Shouldn't all the TV's in the hotel 'work'??  Note: I was staying in the…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
3395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,busy hotel with average service,Location is very good which made me decided to stay. Hotel lobby is well designed even though is old. Room is too small with small bed about 1m x 1.9m.. Looks like 3 star hotel in China. But the breakfast service is good with Chinese language service..,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mid December Break,Stayed three nights for a mid December break. Hotel is large with plenty of eating and drinking areas. It's a little impersonal but efficient and consistent quality. Very close to Edgware Road tube and a short walk from Paddington and Marble Arch. Some good Arabic / Persian eating close at hand  Downsides are lack of security no key card needed for elevator literally anyone can access floors and the usual Hilton Nicole and diming. Wi Fi access 14 pounds. ,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant location beautiful hotel bargain price!,Decided to risk a 4* mystery hotel situated near Edgware Road station which had swimming pool... Couldn't go wrong! How right I was when this hotel came up when I paid. Just over the road from the station the almost airport like check in desk were waiting for us and put us on 8th floor. The whole reception/lounge/coffee area is superb with power points built in to every area it was so relaxing. Went to see shows but spent the next morning in the pool which was a little too busy with leisure membership guests and swimming lessons but we didn't mind it was a great hotel and cost us just £87 for the twin room! Brilliant would definitely use again,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The most awful stay at a Hilton property ..,"We can sum this up very simply ... do not pay to stay at this property. Unless you're forced to because of work or some other reason do not stay at this property. We have been diamond members for many years and have been fortunate travel extensively worldwide, staying at many other Hilton properties. We have never experienced such a poor level of service before, from check-in to the standard of the room.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
3399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton's usual standard,"Our room was quite small, only one person could be in the bathroom at a time, although this is to be expected in London. Decor was dated and the furnishings a bit worn but everything was kept clean. We kept the blinds closed because all we could see was a wall a few metres away.  Althought there was a large conference on during our stay, staff were very friendly and helpful, and we never had to wait long. Wifi in the lobby was adequate, with plenty of seats to relax in.  Overall a pleasant stay but not up to the usual Hilton standard as far as rooms go.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton's usual standard,"Our room was quite small, only one person could be in the bathroom at a time, although this is to be expected in London. Decor was dated and the furnishings a bit worn but everything was kept clean. We kept the blinds closed because all we could see was a wall a few metres away.  Althought there was a large conference on during our stay, staff were very friendly and helpful, and we never had to wait long. Wifi in the lobby was adequate, with plenty of seats to relax in.  Overall a pleasant stay but not up to the usual Hilton standard as far as rooms go.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Trip,"Stayed at this Hotel for 2 nights, brilliant service, friendly staff, breakfast was excellent nice choice of things to eat  buffet style. We were in the west wing with lovely Views over London.This hotel is close to two tube stations, so easy to get around London. WiFi is free if you are a Hilton Member",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel complex near downtown,"Hotel itself is a huge having 2 wings and tower. Location is quite convenient near downtown. I stayed this time in Executive room and noted that room is not very big in European standard but for UK it's quite big. You can see that rooms are bit outdated and heavily used. Bed was quite hard but did not got my back hurt. Pillows are quite soft, i would have liked to have harder to get my neck supported -> now neck has some pain. WIfi was fast but i had free HHonors wifi included. Breakfast buffet was good quality as you normally expect from this type of hotel. Lot of fruits i liked and not so much normal UK heavy breakfast stuff :)  As a whole this is ok business stay but maybe too big (and crowded) for me.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A great hotel!!!!,"I stayed at this hotel for 1 week, during my both business and pleasure trip. The room was very comfortable, all new and cozy, the bed was very comfortable. The only disadvantage was the water flow at the shower (and no bathroom) they probably hit the water with gas, which sensitive people like myself might smell, and the warmth comes and goes… and the flow is not very strong. The breakfast is extremely reach and tasty  The stuff is very courteous",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel if staying in one of the nicer rooms, avoid tower rooms","We've stayed here previously, a few years ago, but always had a Club room. Was looking forward to a comfortable night in this hotel rather than our usual choice of Premier Inn when in London, having booked a standard room via Hilton (Silver member). About a 15 min walk to Hyde Park/Marble Arch. Closest Tube is Edgware Road just across the st. We were allocated a 'tower' room. While the decor is nice enough, the room is VERY small (not sure if they're all like this in the tower or not). So disappointed were we that we complained and asked if their were any 'nicer' rooms available. This was met with a simple 'a suite for £190 or no'.... The bathroom is dated (think old bath/sink/door from what looked like at least 20 years ago) and we had the pleasure of an inter-connecting door…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,large conference hotel,Hotel not in the nicest location but close to tube stations. Very large and impersonal so ideally suited for conferences. Public areas large and airy with pleasant seasonal decorations but our room in the Tower was a disappointment - dingy and dark even during the odd moments the sun shone. I understand hotel is undergoing a refurb which started with the public areas and apparently some bedrooms have been done but the remodelling obviously hasn't reached the Tower. Breakfasts were hit and miss - I find it strange that when I asked for tea in the hotel ( England/UK) I wouldn't expect to be given a flask of hot water and one teabag sitting next to it rather than a pot of tea - I can understand why this happens abroad but not here.  There was a mad rush for breakfast between…,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, great upgraded lobby but  old run down carpets and miserable service","My stay here was not as pleasant this time. Took twenty minutes to check in (when I was third in the line) And in stead of opening additional counters some one kept on walking around telling about 10 people in the line that they are sorry. (really, open new counter fiend). The lobby is magnificent, location great, surrounded by excellent restaurants and a few hundred meters walk from Paddington (where Heathrow express starts) The carpet on the floors looked older than me, the doors of the rooms looked older than the carpets, but the room inside was nice  (remote did not work the first day was a different story) In spite of all this the staff was friendly to make the life comfortable.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great service ","I've stayed at this hotel for a long weekend, perfect location near 2 tubes stations. Walking distance from the hyde park.  Specious rooms on the west wing.  Great breakfast huge variety.  All the staff very friendly from different continents.  Great concept of grab & go shop",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Useful business hotel, centrally located in London ","I stayed at the Hilton Metrople for 4 days in early December. The meeting facilities are good and the meetings staff very helpful, always on hand to assist where needed.   My room was on the 21st floor with a great view out over London. It was very small ( a queen size deluxe room I think) but as it was just me staying alone, space was not an issue. Room was fairly well appointed, large desk, TV and a small bathroom. My only complaint would be a fairly hard bed - but am sure this would be fine for some.   Being the largest hotel in London, the lifts took a while to come to the 21st floor and the breakfast buffet was very busy. Breakfast was as expected in a busy hotel, a good selection but nothing special.   Room service was good, as you'd expect in a Hilton - a good selection…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't ,"This is a terrible hotel given the room rate of over £250 per night. The property is old, shabby and little works as intended. The air conditioning was either freezing or very hot. I woke every hour or so to turn it on or off. My requests for it to be fixed were ignored. Then there was the water situation. A few times I had cold showers. Because of the angle of the shower head I could not wash my hair. First the hotel sent a woman  with a clean shower curtain and then another with fresh towels. Neither of these solutions solved the problem. They did fix the TV which was something. This must be one of the last hotels to still charge for Internet. The free wifi in public areas does not work.  Amusingly there's a complaints desk but it was not manned during my 7 day stay nor was I…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
3410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok but lacking for the money,"Hotel was pretty close to most things. Pretty basic room but did us fine for one night stay with two queen beds for us and 2 children, one bedside table for 4 people was a bit odd. Felt a bit like we were put in a budget tower of the hotel, no breakfast included and both check in staff we talked with were quite un-informative and disinterested -almost snooty?! But for £300 a night I was fairly disappointed. Wouldn't stay again.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Okey!,"Okey for the price, location is good near the tube. But breakfast is expensive and not included in the price. And no free wi-fi. But nice, big and clean room with big windows and comfy beds. Would stay here again!",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,"Stayed in a number of hotels before and this has to be the worst. The reception/ground floor lobby staff were mostly Eastern European immigrants whose command of English aren't flash. They were not rude, but not polite either. That said housekeeping crew were much nicer and friendlier. Internet works but is slow and requires logging in every so often which is a pain. Had a room in West Wing. A bit tired and run down but nothing to shout about. Very good location though - close to train, bus and shops. Not impressed at all.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to normal Hilton standard,"OK location, central London but was placed in the West wing in a room that was ok. Bathroom could do with some TLC. West wing felt neglected and a little grubby. There was a pile of litter in the lift. Room service wasn't brilliant. Food ok but bought on a tray not trolley as previously experienced in other Hiltons and charged £5 for delivery! Although Hilton Paddington is an old building would recommend this over the Metropole. Shame the London Hiltons aren't up to the same standard as Prague's. Little disappointing overall.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,11th Visit,"Our 11th visit to this hotel in the last four years; we had a “Queen Superior” Room (No. 995) which was very spacious with two Queen-sized beds (although not much of a view).  The bathroom was also very spacious and everything was spotlessly clean.  The hotel is very conveniently situated with nearby Underground stations and bus services on the doorstep. Some of the rooms on the higher floors have wonderful views across London. Breakfasts are always enjoyable, staff very friendly and courteous but would recommend an early start to avoid queues.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,So far so good,First time I have stayed at this Hilton and I can honestly say it has been a good stay. Hotel is very clean and tidy and the staff are all very helpful and polite. Great location and within walking distance to quite a few attractions. Would stay again for sure.,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,The hotel is within a reach to centre London and most of the main tourist attractions. The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and comfortable. Food is excellent and overall we were very satisfied with the hotel,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"A huge hotel, well prepared for business needs","Stayed here as attended a national conference for work.  The hotel is huge, with several entrances and reception areas.  It's clearly a hotel which holds many business conferences as it was an extremely well organised event with over 700 delegates.  The room I stayed in was pleasant enough.  A comfortable king size bed, took up most of the room and the bathroom offered both a bath and a shower cubicle which can be rare in hotels this days, given its cheaper to put the shower head over the bath.  The rooms definitely varied in quality as I saw inside a couple of other rooms which colleagues were staying in and the bedrooms in the West wing looked to be of a much nicer quality.  Dinner was included at the conference and the food was good, surprising given that they were feeding…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,BCIS,I've stayed here a few times all in January for the annual British Cardiovascular Intervention Society conference. Each time they have mixed up my bookings and said they there cancelled!! On three occasions!! They quickly got me another room but of course it wasn't what I asked for originally.  I wouldn't recommend it for anything else other than a place to get your head down when your in between  meetings and conferences.,Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
3419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business Seminar,"Stayed here and attended a business seminar in the same hotel. I was on the 20 floor, and the room had a slightly damp stale smell each time when entering, this meant keeping the window open, which was not ideal with the wet windy conditions at that time. The room was comfortable, but a little tired, would think that these rooms would be due for a revamp soon. Breakfast was a very good spread, and service at check-in and out efficient and friendly",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"1 Good Thing, the lobby is nice.","So, me and my partner travelled down to London 4/12/2015. We arrived to the hotel at around 1pm. When we arrived, we went to check in with a lady called 'Lara'. Lara had told me I had a twin room booked, which I knew I didn't, but seeing as I didn't have my paperwork as my dad had booked it, I had to make a phone call to him. I then asked to go into double room, as that what we booked and I was told, no we had a twin. They then asked for payment, but I knew it had been paid towards hand. She stated this was just £60 being taken out my account in case anything from the minibar is taken, which I agreed. I checked my bank later and the price for the full room had been taken out. I went downstairs to complain, were we seen the assistant manager, who moved us to a double room!…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
3421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible! Is this actually a Hilton Hotel??,"I stayed here one night (thank goodness only one) in the worst Hilton hotel I've experienced (I've stayed at many worldwide) and although I read other reviews stating they were given newly refurbished rooms, mine was anything but! Stained, old carpets from the lift to my room, my outdated room was a good size but was in dire need of an update and was very tired. My view was of a wall and air conditioning ducts. The bathroom was equally outdated (1980's?). The hotel is huge and has a cafe, bar, restaurant etc but feels totally impersonal. The area it's situated in my opinion is not ideal, and felt a little ""edgy"". If your looking for a nice well situated 4 star hotel in London I would suggest looking elsewhere.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
3422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big but nice,"We stayed at Hilton London Metropole three nights in december 2015 and it was overall a good stay. It is a very big hotel so you don´t get that warm, fuzzy feeling but it works. Nice and actually quite a big room (nicer than expected) and serviceminded staff. Minus for the carpented floor that feels unhygienic but surely serves good as a silencer. And minus for the fact that even if you leave your towels on the hangers housekeeping took them and washed them although there is a note in the room asking guests to help the Environment. But this seems to be a thing all hotels do! Also a minus for the sensors in the minibar. We wanted to use the refrigerator and moved stuff around and was billed for several things in the minibar which chocked us. There were no problems though when we…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,scaaaary,"I stayed in room no 520 from 3-7 Dec.The reception staff has a great confusion among themselves. On arrival I was told that my booking has been cancelled which was so scary . On my insistence they searched computor repeatedly and found my booking was still there.Similarly one fine night I received a call that my booking is over and I have to vacate the room ,one housekeeping person even tried to forcefully enter my room .. but thanks to god it was latched from inside . I had to go reception and again show all my booking papers to reconfirm that my booking was still there.This is highly unprofessional. For no reason my room was not cleaned and maintained as it was showing empty on reception desk.  The only positive point of hotel was its location. I will not recomend this hotel…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
3424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice Lobby, average rooms","The lobby and common areas of the hotel are great, very high class and well kept. The problem is that is not where you are staying most of your time when you are at the hotel. The rooms are small, similar to most other rooms in London. We hardly had enough room to keep out suitcases open to allow easy access to our items. That being said, we didn't pay a premium price so I was not expecting a premium product.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really nice hotel,This is a big hotel but it's immaculately kept. I was in a very modern room located on the 15th floor. The room looked as though it had recently been refurbished as it was perfect. The whole hotel is well maintained though and it's very nice. The staff were all extremely helpful. I can certainly recommenfd that you stay here.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,New Rooms,"Great location as it's near Edgware Station and the Paddington. A very busy hotel and you have to queue for breakfast and don't expect for lavish spread. That said, I thought they have what I needed and that's what is important.  Arrived early in the morning and although I didn't get my room that instant, I was given a room after few hours. The German lady at the front desk was a great help.   Will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend Away,"The rooms are basic, small and with the minimum of toiletries but clean.  The best bit about the hotel is the breakfast which is really good with everything you could think of (and clean cutlery!!).  Ask for Juliet at breakfast, she is amazing and will make your stay",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Stayed one night for a business trip; excelent hotel and location, walking distance from Edgeware and Paddington tube stations and some excellent restaurants nearby, especially if you fancy Labanese, Persian or Pakistani food. Clean room and toilet with king bed; gym swimming facilities; staff friendly, no complaints but extra charge for wifi was probably a bit unjustified given the room charge. Also it is a very busy hotel, so expect some waiting during check in / check out. Would definitely stay again",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Maintained rooms,I have been a couple of times in the Hilton Metropole for business reasons. The rooms in the tower are not well maintained. The rooms in new building were much better and maintained. Bed and breakfast was good. Bathroom not totally clean. The location was very important for me to reach out to Paddington station. So it was very closed.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Really well looked after. The chocolates were a great treat, very polite staff, nothing  too much trouble.   Food is great, although breakfast seemed to be chaotic.   Location is very convenient, good for connections from Paddington.   ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Unpleasant,"I stayed at this hotel in early December 2015. The room was outdated, stuffy, antiquated furniture, Internet overly expensive and very poor service from the staff. Quite unacceptable for 249£ a night. There are much better places in London for a lot less money.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
3432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location.,"Hotel well placed for Hyde park, Oxford street and Madame Tussards. Very organised check in. Great view of the city from the large window. We stayed Saturday night and an extra room is used for breakfast on the Sunday morning, there was a good choice of well prepared food.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"Stayed here for 4 nights and this Hilton is an average property. The rooms are good size for London.   Service is friendly and efficient.   The fitness centre is small, but has a good selection of equipment.   As a Diamond member, breakfast was included in the main restaurant and was an average buffet. The lounge offers tea and sandwiches in the afternoon and complimentary cocktails in the evening - wine, beer, spirits - and hot and cold snacks.  Location is good and easily accessible to all of London on the 2 tube stations nearby.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor Value for Money ,"Allocated wrong rooms for party - asked for two twins but allocated one twin and a double. Had to move from Floor 22 to Floor 5. Were placed in smaller, inferior rooms near the East Wing lifts with noise from lifts all day and night. Rooms very tired and require updating. Room 552 particularly small. Wireless internet very slow. Air con could not cool rooms 552 and 553 effectively. Breakfast was a shambles with lots of staff standing around in the Kings Suite while tables full of uncleared items - what is their purpose to just stand there? Had to get up and find someone for extra coffee and take cutlery off other tables. Food selection poor - only processed cheese, fruit quality poor and cooked breakfast lacked choice, taste and was lukewarm. Toaster was useless. Have stayed in…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
3435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel rooms i have ever stayed in...and I've travelled!,I have stayed here 3 times for work and its gotten worse over the years. The rooms are small and scabby and everything about the hotel is cheap... Except the room prices. The aircon has two settings...hot and hotter. And welcoming sign on the minibar warning you if you nudge it it will charge you! I really dont moan or complain about anything but his is really shoddy and I won't stay here again. There are hotels for less money closer to Park Lane which are much better. ,Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
3436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok stay,I stayed there two nights for business and 5 nights privately. Unfortunately they where not able to manage that I can stay in one room. Second room was in the old part of the Hotel. Not quit nice. Therefore the price is too high. These old rooms are not cheeper than the new ones.  Staff was friendly but check in takes forever. Checkout is fast. ,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay!,"I stayed at the Metropole for three nights whilst attending a large corporate event being run at the hotel by my company.  It is everything you expect from a really good business hotel well used to hosting such large events. The room was well equipped and comfortable with everything you needed...I didn't have to ask for an iron, thank you!  All the staff were friendly and I didn't hear of a single issue from any of my colleagues either.  I ate in the hotel restaurant a couple of times and whilst it did take a long time for the food to arrive, we were a large table of people. When the food did arrive it was all lovely, had obviously all been cooked from fresh and was very tasty at the end of a very long day. ",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,great hotel ,"great hotel, well placed for transport and access to London, good service and great food. recommended for business and can't not go far wrong for pleasure too. Expect London prices as usual . only thing to watch is the elevators, make sure you keep you finger on the button if you stop at the wrong floor ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One of the worst Experiences,"I stayed here for four days & I will be checking out tomorrow but the experience I got was not so great & i shall elaborate why.  A week ago before I checked in London Hilton Metropole I was staying at Hilton Paris Opera and I thought the service there was pathetic but this is worse .  I had sent them a month ago my Eurostar details and requested the concierge for a driver at St Pancras station , they replied a week later ( they really don't read their emails trust me) and said it will cost , I said fine and reconfirmed weather it was booked and they said it was.  However when I come out of the station there is nobody there and I took a cab back to the hotel.  I understand that early check ins are not guaranteed but then being a Hilton honours gold member doesn't seem of any…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
3440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not as good as it used to be,"We've stayed here many times over the years, although not for the last three or four years. The public rooms downstairs on entering have all been refurbished and have lost a lot of the original character. We'd booked online and had requested either two adjoining rooms or two next door to one another. On arrival we were told one of the rooms had been cleaned, so we left our luggage there and went out. It was a large room with great views over London. We returned to find the adjoining room was not available, so we were offered two rooms next door to one another overlooking the pool. They were much smaller and tired. Air conditioning very very noisy. Toilet paper cheap and scratchy. Breakfast was included, but we were disappointed to find that we had to queue outside the ground…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"A beautiful reception area, our room was newly refurbished in cream and beige, with a lovely view of London, comfortable bed, nice bathroom, great breakfast. All at high level. standard international. Thank you.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Biggest Hilton hotel,"Very big hotel, thus lacks personal touch. Check-in was smooth. Room was allotted in the west wing, though preference was for the tower wing on higher floor. The room was big and nice but not much of a view. The hotel mainly caters to conferences and is full of people attending various conferences. Housekeeping was good and so was the bathroom. One drawback about the hotel is that it is a bit far from attractions with two way taxi fare coming to $60. One may be better off looking at properties closer to Hyde Park even if the nightly charges are higher. The hotel is connected to the tube though. Breakfast is average. The bar at the lobby level is always buzzing.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very convenient location and satisfactory rooms,Hotel is just across Edgware Tube Station which provides a great advantage. Very central location. All major bus routes are available. Neighborhood has numerous Middle Eastern Restaurants serves food till past midnight. Famous shopping area Oxford Street is just round the corner.  Our 23rd floor room had great panoramic views of the city. The hotel reception area is full of guests checking-in and out 24/7 leading to longer check-in/out time. It has a great lounge area.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business and family hotel on Edgware Road (Central London),It is a busy hotel very to Edgware Road and Paddington stations. I saw both families and business traveller s there.  + I got a room on the higher floor with a great view. The room itself was right sized and very clean bathrooms. The service is very efficient. I got my room around 10 although the usual checking time is after twelve. Huge spread for the morning breakfast typical in large chain hotels.  - My room had a window open which did not shut properly and there was a sound every few 5 mins. I could not figure out the source.  Could have been one of the electronic sensors or alarms. I did not complain as i was falling asleep after a long day. But it was annoying. Reception gets busy as I could that it has 1000+ rooms.  Overall a good place to stay in Central London.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
3445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,great weekend,"fabulous hotel as you would expect we were on the 19th floor and had a fabulous view over Hyde Park and as this time of the year they have Winter Wonderland up and running we had a wonderful view all light up at night .  loved every minute of it. Staff amazing, easy access to the tube station and many eating places in edgeware road.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
3446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel,"Attended the hotel for awards 6 years in a row and the hotel is getting better in terms of the environment.  The service is good and the team at the hotel in the large are friendly. Only ate dinner in the awards and that was ok, going to be difficult to feed over 1000 people to a very high standard but it was good. breakfast is god too",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average,"Positives: walking distance from Paddington (express from Heathrow) and across the street from Edgware Road/Circle tube stations.  Room in West wing newish and clean.  Public areas clean and well maintained.  Breakfast restaurant has plenty of good food and seating.  Noticeable number of of security personnel in the lobby (or is that a negative?).  Good water pressure, plenty of hot water at peak times.   Negatives: seems all rooms are adjoining in West wing (I asked for one which wasn't, got there and found it had an adjoining door, so requested a different room without an adjoining door, was assigned one at front desk, but when I got there - it had one too). Beds are just a mattress on a wooden platform (no box spring).  No air conditioning in winter - my room is 25.3 degrees…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,If it wasn't paid with points...,"I have used the London Metropole many times and it has been updated several times with plush public areas. The overall condition of the rooms is good and accommodates families.   It does get very busy, the wifi is poor and the service isn't always top level. I like the bar in the lobby, but not fussed by the restaurant or sports bar. I will probably use it again, but only if I can't find better.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Broken service concepts,"Generally speaking this hotel provides amenities of typical 3 start hotel. Facilities are nice enough, so this is not the worst option in London. I felt that staff was not properly trained at this hotel and it showed. Also, they had very uncomfortable (cheap) beds and pillows.   During 5 day stay, I also had few service related incidents.  On my first day, I called the service line as my internet connection was slow (free connection provided by the hotel) and less than 0.5 MB / s of data was moving on the line. The person on the phone told me that this is what they had and hang up. Then I called back and asked for the manager. Ultimately, they did tell me that they had premium internet and gave me the code. I was not able to pay for it as their system did not work. This hotel is…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
3450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A dirty old hotel that's tired and well past its prime.,"This is the worst hotel that I have stayed in for a very long time. The rooms are not only well past there prime (read, falling apart), they are dirty in the extreme. Paint flaking off the walls, loose fitting, lights not working, bath drain blocked, etc.  Cleaning staff (those that can speak English) are about as helpful as a one legged man in a backside kicking competition.  The foyer has been redone and does not provide a hint of the actual state of affairs.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
3451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Good Room,"i arrived way too early for my reservation but there was room ready and the extremely polite check in girl sorted it quickly. the room was i believe and exec room with separate shower, corner room so good size, very clean and the usual in room goodies...my only issue was getting on the wifi but a call to reception got it sorted.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Central location-Average hitel,"Booked couple of rooms in advance with a colleague of mine. We were disappointed having arrived after 3pm and we were told our our rooms are not ready, and we were offered smoking rooms which we rejected. After a bit of argument (15 minutes) we were then offered the rooms we booked.   The rooms are clean and very old so is the bathroom, and could do with refurbishment.  Staff at the breakfast room very friendly and breakfast was good.  ",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Caution - Stay Somewhere Else!  Feel Very Unwelcome Here - Uncaring Management,"There are so many good places to stay in London, stay somewhere else, don’t stay here.  There’s a reason this property has the lowest room rate of any of the Hilton properties in London, its cause it sucks! Low rates don't equal good value.  I ignored the many bad reviews on TripAdvisor, thinking as an experience traveler it wouldn’t bother me, I was wrong.   So many things bothered me with this place, I wish I would have stayed somewhere else.  One bad apple can spoil the whole bunch and Hilton Hotels should just dump this property from its portfolio, it shakes my confidence with the management of entire Hilton Chain!  Let’s start with the unwelcome feeling here. It’s located in Central London on Edgware Road, you would think that’s good, well it’s not, at least not for this…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
3454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay!,"From check-in to check-out, my experience at the hotel was excellent. The staff were friendly and knowledgeable. I was nicely upgraded to an Executive level room with Lounge access, which made my stay even more enjoyable. The hotel is located in an excellent location, close to several Tube stations and a 15-20 minute walk to Hyde Park. And it's an easy 5-10 minute walk to London Paddington station for the Heathrow Express. Highly recommended!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very clean hotel,"This hotel was included in a tour we took of England. The hotel is very updated, modern, and clean on the inside. It is also close to a bus stop and a subway station if you need those. There is a Mark & Spencer across the street which has a great small grocery store in it where you can get a 2-liter bottle of water for less than a pound which is a great bargain.  The check-in process takes a long time each time we arrived so expect to stand in line, but the staff was always very friendly. We really had to battle for a room with a double-bed every time though.  Our first two nights our room was in the tower section, and I believe it was an executive room. We really appreciated the USB wall ports to charge our electronics with. Our last night at the end of the tour was in the East…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Standard Tourist Class Hilton,"Excellent location next to Paddington Station. Great for taking the Heathrow Paddington Express train and then a short brisk walk down the street to the Hilton. The neighbourhood is full of food choices from traditional Pubs to Middle Eastern quick stops. Marks & Spencer across the street for any needs, tube stations within minutes in Central London. Our room was spacious, clean, and well maintained. This is not a Luxury property, but a good place to stay in London for a weekender. Make sure you state your room requirements at time of booking. I would have no problem recommending the Metropole to my clients with all of the above in mind.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Central location, pleasant staff","I pitched up here courtesy of Hotwire.  Central and convenient hotel in (steps from Edgware Rd underground and a 5-10 minute walk from Paddington mainline station). Marks & Spencer across the street, and lots of little shops in the vicinity.  Very pleasant reception (Thanavan?), check-out (Laura), and breakfast (everyone).  Lobby and bar areas are good. My room, in the Tower, was fine, if a bit dated. I suspect the hotel, or at least that part of it, could do with a refurb before too long. Sports bar was, well, like a sports bar (if you like that kind of thing). I found a cosy pub 5 minutes walk away (the Windsor Castle).  My only criticism (and it is very minor) is that, although the breakfast buffet is very good, the vegetarian sausages were a bit tepid, and the pork sausage I…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice but rooms a bit shabby,"I stayed here for the first time on 30th November 2015 in a king size bedroom on the 7th floor. The hotel reception, bar and restaurant areas are fine and the room was okay but is in need of a bit of a refurb. Chipped paint, chipped enamel in the bath and generally the room looked tired. Otherwise it was a satisfactory stay but not the best customer experience or indeed the best value for money.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
3459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole,"While the hotel is good, our room was too small and very uncomfortable. Furniture did not suit the room. Did not have enough space for luggage. Breakfast served was quite good. Concierge was good.  The room was two small for two guests.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room,We stayed one night Friday in room 723 it was disgusting stank of smoke our room was near staff quarters and fire escape so maybe they were on there but in the morning i also smelt of cannabis my hubby said if we had been earlier to check in and not in such a rush i would have got this room change and its not like me to complain but this was terrible,Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
3461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awards Ceremony,"Stayed at the Hilton for a works awards do and I couldn't fault it. All staff were friendly and welcoming. One member of staff even quickly walked in front of me so he could open the door after already open one, that's what I call service. Whichever venue you attend for a large group event usually your food comes out luke warm however our main meal was piping hot like your were being waited in a restaurant never mind they were probably catering for 300/400, that's impressive!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My stay,"I stayed at the Hilton last night after booking a room on a cancellation website. When I arrived I had the option of a non-smoking twin room or a smoking king size (me being naive, I didn't think people actually smoked in their beds!) I chose the king size room which was on the 23rd floor.  Now I realise that they put all the smoking rooms on the top floor and it absolutely reeks up there!!  As a non smoker, maybe I have a more sensitive sense of smell- but the stench of stale cigarettes was in the duvet, pillows, curtains, mattress, towels.... Everything I took with me now stinks of cigarettes.  As I laid in bed I couldn't put my face down on the pillow without the smell filling my nostrils- I even slept with the window open to try and get some fresh air in.  Maybe I should…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton did not Impress,I stayed at the Hilton London Metropole but my expectations in terms of value for rate paid was below par. I did not get value for the type of room and bed i got. There was noise in the hallway anytime my neighbors were leaving or entering their rooms i had to go to my door severally. It was very disconcerting.,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The Bed Factory,"This hotel is the base for many coach and sporting tours. Although it can house up to 2,000 guests it does so very well in a rather soulless manner.  It has excellent restaurant and public facilities. The hotel is beautifully positioned at the corner of Praed Street and Edgeware Road, Paddington with very good access to the tube, buses and Paddington Station. Rooms are small and some need to be upgraded but those on the 20th floor of the tower wing have wonderful views of London.  Ask for one of these.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Terrible room and expensive, be warned when booking through lastminute.com...","We booked through lastminute.com, one of their mystery hotels where we have usually had a good experience not this time. We arrived in the evening and were told we could have a smoking room with two single beds, which was not what we had booked, although it was very much our problem according to the person on reception as that was the only thing left in our 'category' and could pay and extra £20 (on top of the £190!!!) to get a dulux room so after half an hour of complaining we were upgraded - very much a standard room in my book. We got to our room TV not working, so I had to work out the cabaling system and connect up, all very well...until we tried to sleep, we had been put outside the plant room, initially we thought there was a helicopter outside our window but every 10…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
3466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"the hotel has a new part and an old part. The old section is horrible!  You are ONLY paying for the location.  A friend stayed at the Best WEstern in London and said it was BY FAR better than my room at the Hilton. The brekfast is great, the conceriege and bell service are wonderful.  But, there are rude front desk people sprinked throughout and again - the rooms are horrible! Next time I am checking out the Best Western and telling anyone I can not to stay here.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
3467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One of the worest hotel I ever lived in,"One of the worest hotel I ever lived in London. Unfrindly staff, expensive for what you get in the room, very smilly rooms and too small and old. Internet is not free. I will never book for this hotel again. ",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
3468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, Good Location","Arrived at the hotel at 8am after red eye flight from Florida. Told to come back in 3 hours and they could get us into a room then.  We came back 3 hours later and we're now told they couldn't get us in until 3pm.  The desk attendant was extremely uncaring and rude.  Once we got into the room,  it was very nice, having been recently remodeled.  Ask for room that has been remodeled.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel In Central London,Stayed for a week visiting London. Great Location close to Paddington and the west end.  Rooms were a very good size for central London. Nicely refurbished rooms. Comfortable beds and very clean. Great view from the room was a bonus. Also very quiet in the rooms for a central London hotel.   WiFi was consistent and reasonable.   Executive lounge was the best I have seen at a UK Hilton  Very good room service selection.   All in all a good choice for central London. ,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient and fine if  at a reasonable room rate but a bit of a time warp....,"Good location....it is walking distance from Paddington Station and Edgware Rd Tube is opposite; quick bus ride or 15 min walk to Marble Arch/Oxford St.  There are fantastic Lebanese and other Middle Eastern restaurants too on the Edgware Rd and in the surrounding area.  Some of the higher floors have surprising views across London of the Shard, the Guerkin etc.  This is a very large and very busy hotel but there were plenty of staff on hand and they were responsive to requests.  If you are looking for intimate and personal, forget it; but if location and provision of hotel services are key, then it has everything you need.  Will need to time visits to gym/pool as can get very busy.  There is a separate entry to breakfast restaurant for HH gold/diamond members to avoid any…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great place for business conferences!,"Had a great work trip here. Location is good, too. I'd recommend this Hilton for companies. The rooms are perfect for presentations, and the staff was very helpful. Rooms are big and clean (depending on which room you get, of course)",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"The staff were mostly excellent, but overall I was disappointed.  The room was not totally clean when I checked in.  One of the bath towels looked like it had been used.  There was someone's booger on the wall next to the sink in the bathroom.  The mattress and pillows were great, but the room itself was well worn.  Even with the double windows, this hotel is in a noisy area.  Constant sirens and street noise.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Appalling staff response to fire alarm.,"I stayed in a twin room with my mum on the seventh floor of the hotel for one night, as a relaxing break away. At 5am we were awoken by the blaring hotel fire alarm, so naturally we ran out of our room in our nightwear leaving everything behind (including the room key) and we ran seven flights down the fire escape stairs. When we reached the bottom, one of the fire doors did not open (!) so we exited out from the adjacent fire door, which luckily did open, onto the street. Not one member of staff was there to give us direction, so altogether feeling scared and half-asleep, we walked down Edgware Road in our nightwear and entered the hotel reception.  UNBELIEVABLY it was business as usual in the reception - classical music was playing, guests were queuing to check in and NOT ONE…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay in November,"This hotel is a good choice for a short break or business. Check in staff were efficient and cheerful, despite the heavy volume of traffic due to the two large events being held in the hotel.  We had a nice room on the 14th floor, and all was as described. The Gym, Sauna & pool was below us on the 2nd Floor, along with the business and conference center. With ample bars and dinning options, this is a good choice for those on a mid range budget. Breakfast was very good, with choices for everyone, and the cooking stations were keeping everyone happy. We'd stay again.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,5 Star experience,"A 1 night Hotel experience is inevitably one which is open to an arguably subjective critical judgement. More than often it is deficient customer service or a measure of inadequacy concerning the room which inspire those who thrive on negative criticism to equally leave their mark on one of these pages.   The bitter reality is, unless your pockets are deep enough to secure one of Mayfairs  5 star luxury boutiques, we are more than likely to encounter a compromise at some point during the 'lesser' service experience.   On the contrary I am pleased to say that last nights stay at the Hilton London Metropole has cleared the fog which once harvested this very false perception. From check in, to check out the Hotel and its employees demonstrated exceptional levels of proactive…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Amazing staff, special thanks to Djamel Rim","I was there a few days for business, and I forgot my coat in a cloakroom (I also lost the ticket). The staff was awesome in looking for my coat during days in the whole hotel, and eventually found it and sent it to me abroad. A very special thanks to Djamel Rim, who did his best to help me.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Metropole - IOHA Conference,"Stayed at London Metropole for IOHA Conference (April 2015)    Check in is crowded but efficient.  Desk staff are used to working fast and effectively.  It is a big hotel and almost like an airport.  It is busy everywhere but has good bars, seating areas etc and like most London hotels everything moves ""fast"".   Food in the embedded hotel restaurants was good, straightforward and swiftly served.  Waiting staff appeared competent and able.   It is ""busy"" and there are many (many) guests.  The lifts work well, the rooms are about as expected and functional, and the facilities able and competent.  The meeting and conference facilities are very good indeed.    What is struggles with is the feeling that it's a big and slightly impersonal hotel in a part of London that feels…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location,If you are looking for personal service you must know in advance that this place is massive. The Executive Lounge is mostly a waste in the summertime. You have patents placing their kids on the computers to play games. Its sop crowded you cannot find a place to sit. The good thing about this place is that when you get off the express from Heathrow you can just walk to it.,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
3479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A let down to the Hilton Brand,"Admittedly, I am not the biggest fan of the Hilton chain, however there are one or two exceptions. The London Metropole is not one. It is a real let down to the brand.  The hotel is clearly geared up for conference visitors and not for the leisure client. I felt like we were not a priority to the hotel as we were not paying the big bucks of the corporate World but were just an inconvenience.  We pre-paid in advance and on arrival, first impressions were good. Nice looking reception and bar area, however it all seemed just a bit manic. Thats where the good impression ended. We were told we had no option but to have to leave credit card details, something which I have never been a fan of. To soften the blow, the receptionist upgraded us from a King Deluxe to a King Superior. I…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really Nice Hotel,"Stayed here for one night it was a lovely hotel very clean nice bedroom and bathroom the only thing there was no hairdryer in the room lucky my daughter had brought hers with her, and the breakfast was excellent plenty of choice. ",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, Good location, needs to work on a few things.","Nice hotel, good distance to Hyde park which was nice. Would be nice if they had a free shuttle to take you to a few stops in London. . .. I know a lot of hotels that do that in other countries when we have visited their cities. . . .even if it cost a few bucks.   A few issues. . . 1. Wake up calls. . .. 2/3 days we did not get out wake up call. . .. the most important being on the day we needed to leave for the airport at 5am. Luckily we set out own alarm as well.  2. Service in the restaurant is rough. . . .takes forever, because it seems as they are understaffed. Food was good.  3. The first time we stayed there at the beginning of our trip the free lobby wifi was not working. . ..as we tried to go to the desk to get them to fix it they were less then helpful. It was…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pricey for what it is,"Rooms comfortable, bathroom looked tired, room could get quite hot, air on all over hotel dehydrated and leaves you with headache .  Bar prices very High but this is London. Conference rooms very good although smaller rooms need a pa system when opened up. Great receptgion very helpful and courteous.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised! ,"I say pleasantly surprised because i had read some of the dreadful reviews before I went and my expectations were low. The staff were friendly and helpful and the communal areas are bright and expansive. I was lucky enough to have a room in the West Wing which was spacious and well appointed. However, guests with limited mobility be warned, its the furthest point from reception. The 'Sports Bar' is as you might expect, American inspired and loud. The pulled pork 'burger' I had was tasty enough, but overpriced. It was also served on an oddly shaped plank rather than a plate !?? ( I will never understand why that trend took off ) The food in the restaurant was lovely though ( including varied breakfast options) . However, be warned, it is right next to the Sports Bar, so you can't…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't waste your money,"Nice entrance and reception area.  Helpful staff but not necessary knowledgable. Room, which was upgraded to a queen double, was very disappointing. Mini bar had 1 opened bottle of whisky in it! No drawers just a basic fitted, dark wardrobe. You can pay a lot less to stay close by and in future I will be doing this. When you pay almost £200 for a double room you expect the little extras such as a pen that works, drawers, decent loo roll, fully working lights/lamps. Really cannot endorse a stay in this hotel. A pro for the hotel is the cleanliness of the room and communal areas.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good but needs some improvements,"It was a good location for any Muslims as a lot of halal restaurants are on edgeware road. It was a pretty crowded hotel, barely got space to sit in the lobby restaurants.  The hotel does need some maintenance for example the air conditioning seem not to work.  I stayed at the hotel with my 10 year old son and because of their swimming pool but I was disappointed that he couldn't swim unless I did.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Standard rooms are old,"My colleague and I stayed at this hotel. We checked in at the same time; same booking, my colleague got upgrade but I did not. My room has marks and stains on the wallpaper, stains on the curtains, worn carpet and the shower cabinet (no bath) is chipped in several places.   As the evening progressed there was a smell of greasy food/chips coming through the vents so I presume my room is above the kitchens.  Not keen to spend the amount of money for this hotel again, so cancelled the booking I have for a future stay and booked a Marriott instead.  The communal areas on the Ground Floor have been modernised but not all the rooms.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location but expensive,"Had a good weekend at the hotel and proximity to Edgware Road tube is major benefit. Room comfortable but smaller than expected for the price. Swimming pool, sauna, steam room and gym all good.  Have reduced by 1 star because roof bar not open and that was a major reason we returned here.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another boring London hotel,"This hotel is one if Europe's biggest hotels, and as you could suspect, the quantity of rooms affect the quality of rooms negatively. For London, the room size is okay and the location quite good. Just a few subway stops from Picadilly Circus. But would I come back? Probably not.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great  location,"We visited this hotel over the weekend of 13th November. All the staff were friendly, polite and we received very good service over the weekend, nothing was too much trouble. We had a triple room with 3 single beds, the room was double glazed and we heard no noise from the road.  Everything was clean and comfortable. We were staying in the old wing but you wouldn't have known. The location was excellent right next to the tube station. We used the leisure facilities, swimming in the pool, having a sauna and a steam.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Hilton Standard,"I have recently returned from the Hilton London Metropole, and came away extremely disappointed. I have stayed at the hotel on 3 previous occasions, and had no qualms about returning on this occasion. However, I was to be extremely disappointed and let down. On arrival check in took an interminable amount of time. Eventually, having got to the desk and been given my allocated room in the Tower Wing, I proceeded to try and enter it. The key card would not work in the lock and so it took a number of attempts before I could gain access. When I eventually got in, the room was small and dark, with very little natural light, due to the high rise building the other side of the window. I proceeded to put the room lights on only to find there was only one light and the bulb was very dim.…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Restaurant,"I've stayed in this hotel twice a year for the passed few years . Last visit was January and I'm returning jan 2016 . Was going to return dec2015 but decided on another hotel due to our last visit to the Hilton was the constant noise coming from the vent above the door in the room.  I did report it but was informed it was from the air conditioning! And there was nothing they could do! We have always ate in the restaurant down stairs and the food, and service was absolutely stunning chef Michael, always greeted us ,however on this occasion when we returned ,the food we weren't impressed, and was informed when I request if Michael ( chef ) no longer was there! However we then dined on the 23rd floor the view was stunning, food was lovely. Sorry to go a bit ! I have just gone on…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bad review turned good...,"My wife and I spent three nights at the Hilton Metropole as the kickoff of our European vacation.  We have stayed in Hilton Hotels before.  The public areas are very nice and upscale.  Check was professional, however, a great distance from our room.  As I am disabled, the slog was tiring.  There seemed to be check-in tables in our swing, but they were unmanned.  I booked a room with walk-in shower and was pleased to find that the hotel has remodeled a large block of rooms to be disability friendly.  These rooms included deaf support, emergency ""fall"" pulls, support rails, etc.  What a refreshing change from the rest of Europe!  The room was large (by European standards) and had an adequate supply of electric outlets.  The room was clean and bedding was freshly changed.  So far,…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disgraceful!,"Let me begin by saying that on first entry to the hotel it looked very inviting, modern and busy.  The lobby area was full of people, the check in was pleasant and the atmosphere quite chic.   Dropped my bags in my room and went to the function I came down for.  At £199 (approx $300 for our US friends) this is an expensive hotel describing itself as ""luxury"" under the Hilton brand.  Got to bed late at around midnight.  The horror begins.  The bed was most uncomfortable.  The pillows were also equally horrible but I tried to sleep with no great success.  I got up around 5.30 am, turned on the light and started to look for why my sleep was ruined, like my back! Pulling back the tired linen I discovered the most horrible worn and stained mattress ( photos supplied)!!  The springs…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
3494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Should be renamed Faulty Towers,"A stay to be forgotten. To start the room I was in suffered an Airco control issue, making the room unbearable hot during the night (>27 degrees C). Reception and client services notified and all they came up with was to offer a table fan. After 7 hours of bickering finally offered a different room, but it took three attempt to obtain the keys for this room. This room also had no control of the HVAC, but at least the temperature was OK. However once in the room I had at least 8 different people knocking at the door to do the same tasks as checking the minibar. Also had people showing up who expected the room was empty, not sure what was going on there as they hardly spoke English. To top it all of, the rate I booked included breakfast, but the palce tried to charge me extra for…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good central location,"Spent three nights at the Metropole attending a management conference.  Good location with lots of different restaurants within walking distance.  Amenities in the hotel were good and only ate once and it was OK. ( Sports Bar).  Staff friendly and polite, did have to wait a little at reception as it was busy, perhaps more staff could be put on front desk duties, stations were available but not enough coverage.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms not as nice as the rest of the hotel,"Absolutely stunning hotel, great location, parking although very pricey parking.  I attended for business for two nights.  Firstly check in was very frustrating, my stay had been booked via corporate traveller, a credit card for payment had been given but the receptionist wasn't able to understand this and tried to charged my card for two nights stay.  It seemed to cause her a great deal of confusion, eventually after 40 mins I was given my room key.  Room was located on 4th floor, conveniently located near the lifts.  My expectations of the room were high based on the rest of the hotel so they were a bit of a let down once I got in, slightly dated and not as clean as a premier inn! Two single beds pushed together and not secure, one stuck out further than the other causing me…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Where is the difference,The London Hilton metropole starts to become a holiday inn 70's style resort Tourists flight crews business people We know this for years but despite the new lobby & reception its not being better It's getting too standard No great feeling when you enter The rate is relatively high Only benefit is Paddington station is 5 min away,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Superb Stay,"Decided to indulge in a pre Christmas trip to the capital and managed to find a great offer at this large, busy hotel, situated right in the centre of the city with tube stations only a very short walk away. We even chose to walk to Oxford Street which is only ten minutes on foot. The friendly receptionist (Irene) provided a first class greeting and offered us an upgraded delux room on the recently refurbished 14th floor. The view was impressive as were the fittings in this freshly decorated tower block room, with king sized bed and large TV. After a great nights sleep, due mainly to the black out curtains, Breakfast was a busy affair but we were soon seated and enjoying the high standard 'Hilton' breakfast which filled us both for the day. Our visit was soon over, once we had…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location Location,"Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights with my wife on a get away from the kids, room was good with the blackout curtains the only exception that had a rip in. Location is fabulous across road from tube station, rooms very very warm though",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"Everything perfect except bed. Spring mattresses were old and too much used. I didn't sleep very well. Hotel is close to office, so I cannot complain about location. Services were on a really high level.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton Quality,"Is a huge 1,000 room hotel a few minutes walk from Paddington Station.  On checking in was surprised that they offer smoking rooms but fortunately not on the floor I was on.  The room was old looking and tired.  The bed was not particularly comfortable.   The bathroom was very small with the shower in the bath.  The AC controller was antiquated.  The wifi was slow.   My only reason to stay was because was attending a meeting in the hotel.    Would not stay again by choice.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too bright,"We think that this hotel was undergoing renovations, although the front foyer reception area was luxurious (must have been part of the new section) there were two lots of  elevators, the front going to the new rooms and the other elevators toward the back led to the older rooms.  These rooms were booked for us as part of the tour that we went on so we didn't have a say in which ones.  Although our room was comfortable, everything was falling apart, the westerly large windows made it too hot and bright. The fridge which didn't work was replaced on request.  Didn't like that end of town either, too far from everything.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not 4star but done the job.,"Stayed for 2 nights,in London to celebrate our anniversary.hotel is good location wise.our room was fine,needs to be updated but done the job,the views from the 17th floor were brilliant,we were given a choice of floor when we arrived and it didn't disappoint.breakfast was good,the selection was brilliant.would visit again",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"No So Great , hotel needs a refurb",i had booked  King Hilton and I was given a room on 2nd floor with a very old mattress. Completely stay away from that floor and any old room. The mattress was so thin that I could press with one hand between my fingers like a burger. The porter was hesitant to move me and I told him I am NOT staying i would rather check out  yet I had paid in cash for my 6 nights stay. They reluctantly moved me to deluxe room on the 16th floor which was far smaller than my initial room but with a newer mattress . I was tired having waited for a room till 4pm after arriving there at 7am. but I knew official check in time is 3pm. The room stewards do not give any water to drink and they reluctantly; gave me two bottles on my first nights and later on other days they stopped all together. The…,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not deluxe! ,"Booked a stay at hilton thinking I was sure to get a certain standard after all it was a hilton.  No chance the room was supposed to be a deluxe there was nothing deluxe about it.  The room was very tired and quite small especially the bathroom which I would only give 1star! !! We mentioned it to reception whose response was that the hotel needed upgrading but still they advertise as deluxe. The bar, breakfast and staff however were very good. But the standard of the room has put me off booking hilton in the future ",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Family friendly establishment , exceptionally friendly helpful staff,very convenient central london","We recently stayed for a family weekend break at the London  Hilton metropole. We had a great time and the hotel staff were so friendly and helpful and great with the children. They made us feel totally relaxed and well looked after. We were greeted by hotel reception manager Rudra Banerjee. He was exceptionally welcoming. My tired partner was becoming a little frustrated having had a long journey and then to stand and queue for the reception, originally mistaking this gentleman's kindness for a pushy salesman he was pleasantly surprised and very grateful when this gentleman offered for our family to have a complimentary evening meal in the hotel restaurant.We took advantage of this kind gesture the following evening. Having had a very busy day of sightseeing in London we were…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,a very good experiance,stayed with my wife for 4 nights at the west wing of the hotel. the hotel made some nice renovation in all public areas from my last visit. the rooms were very nice and the breakfast was great. hotel is close to the subway and easy to reach from lhr airport.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nightmare hotel - no management,"We arrived at 11:00PM.  The lobby was full because computers were down and they couldn't check us in.  As a Hilton Diamond, I expect good service.  After an hour I told them to call the Hilton Paddington and make a reservation.  Suddenly they found us a room -- probably one of the worse in the hotel.  The next morning, it too us almost 2 hours of waiting (until the clerk checked in the back) and we were moved to a better room.  Just pack your stuff and go out for the day, we were told, then get a new key for the new room,  Your stuff will be there.  Was it there no!  Next day went out and came back our key didn't work.  We checked and they said, they were moving us to another room.  I asked better room?  No, just on a different floor. We refused to move.  Then we were supposed…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Much better second time around,"We returned to the hotel having had a bad experience a year ago. This time we were welcomed by a very friendly receptionist who informed us that our suite was ready for us before 12 noon despite check in not being until 3pm. Very impresssed! Check in was swift and friendly this time. The king suite was really nice. The bonus was the executive lounge where we spent a very pleasant evening enjoying the hospitality, canapes and drinks. Very civilised and a nice change from the stress last time. Breakfast in the main restaurant was a bit manic, not really to be recommended due to other guests' inability to queue, lots of shoving, etc. We were amazed quite how rude some of the guests were to the staff. The continental breakfast in the executive lounge was very welcome. Calm, good…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"not the hilton i expected...out dated, uncomfortable bed.but good location.","i recently stayed in Hilton London Metropole for 2 nights with a friend,and i have to say that i am quite disappointed. first of all, with the long queue it took us a while to check in on a Friday afternoon. but that is not the big issue, its still acceptable. what's disappointing was the room... we stayed on the 10th floor, corner twin bed room.  i didn't have a good first impression of the hotel as i noticed on the hallway after walking out from the lift, there are black stains & drawing on the corridor walls (really not expecting this from Hilton, they could do some basic maintenance work to repaint, its simple!) the room is very old fashioned, i would probably say its out dated. the cushions on the bed is very flat (well used flat), and the bed was uncomfortable, i felt the…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Does the job, but not up to Hilton's standards","This hotel is a sprawling behemoth in the middle of Edgware Road. Very convenient for the tube station right across the street and a great conference location. Didn't get a chance to eat in the hotel but wished I had, as there is very little else in walking distance that isn't Muddle Eastern. I am not a huge fan on this cuisine as I tend to struggle for veggie options. As it was we ended up in a truly awful pub with burnt food - separate review!   My room was smaller than expected, with a curious mix of updated and dated facilities. Perfectly clean and comfortable, and although my room faced right into Edgware Road I was high up enough not to be disturbed by the noise. I had a good nights sleep but didn't have time for breakfast, which is usually a treat at Hilton!  ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location - Superb Lobby,"I enjoyed my stay, very busy and buzzy hotel. The lobby and grab & go area are very pleasant.Great location and perfect convention hotel. The room in the east wing are spacious, and the executive long has every thing you need. The wifi work well.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Poor quality, uncomfortable room, overpriced","I was very disappointed. I stayed here on business for two nights in a ""King Size Executive Room"" - around £250 per night. The room had two single beds pushed together, with a single bed headboard in the middle and only one bedside table. The carpet was stained, the wall were marked, and the whole room was dated. There are far better, more comfortable hotels towards the West End for a similar price. I would not stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,WARNING,* I booked a 2 night stay as a delegate of a charity (Action Duchenne) to attend their annual conference. I was attending as a father of a boy with this terminal disease. * I booked the standard room via the Charity link to secure what I assumed to be a preferential delegate rate. * the rate was £197.50 (which was paid up front) which turned out not to even include breakfast which I was charged an additional £17.50 extra.  * I discovered that other delegations had secured rooms direct from the hotel at £118.00. I was staggered at the price difference. They even got a better standard of room with a view. I was on a low floor looking straight onto a building wall. * I questioned with Hilton staff as to why the charity delegate rate was so much higher. I was told the normal room…,Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
3515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Small , cramped and loud",If you like sirens all night and paying 25 us dollars a night for wifi and waiting in understaffed lines then this is your place.We booked our rooms for king size beds and got a queen and the  rooms are tiny. Hiltons used to be known for value and service but this is not the case anymore. Unfortunately we have 5 more days left on our stay but will never consider a Hilton again for any of our travel plans.,Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
3516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect location ,""" took a family room for my 7 night stay at the hotel.Staff was helpful and courteous and fee size of the room was decent considering what you normally get in london.Located on the corner of edgware road right opposite the edgware road tube station the hotel walks you to hyde park and marble arch in 10 minutes .great connectivity and various food joints and the waitrose departmental store are all within 5 minutes from the hotel.I will definitely recommend the hotel for its location""",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What has happened to this hotel,"I am writing this at 2 am in this hotel -why? Because the bed is literally the hardest, most uncomfortable one I've ever encountered and neither my husband or I are able to sleep because of it. In the past we'd stayed here a few times and the refurbished reception gave us cause to be hopeful. We were initially given a room in the tower, the nastiest most disgusting room I've ever seen. It was like an Eastern European doss house with the remains of coffee stains all over the carpet and up the door. We complained and to be fair the reception manager was very charming and upgraded us to one of the refurbished rooms. On the surface this seemed an improvement -until now. It literally feels as if we are lying on bricks. We also earlier in the evening had to call reception 3 times to…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
3518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staff was excellent during medical problem,"Great work, Pavol and staff!  I stayed 6 nights for a convention and had traveled alone from the U.S. I arrived around 9 a.m. and asked for an early check in, but the hotel was booked and rooms were not available until 3 p.m. I decided to freshen up in the restroom, store my bags and shop until then.   But then I had a sudden case of deep vein thrombosis, despite being a healthy 39-year-old woman. It was painful, I was scared, and I was about to cry. I sat at the concierge desk and told a staff member my concern. Within minutes, Pavol, the ops manager, was arranging for my immediate room. (It was beautiful and met my standards for an American hotel room with 2 large beds and a great view.) He personally carried all of my bags to the room, then waited in my room until the doctor…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
3519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location / business hotel,Stayed here for a business conference we were holding. Excellent conference facilities. Rooms all good with usual refinements . Bar's ok but London pricing. Staff all very professional & pleasant. To me a business hotel. Literally 2 minutes from Edgeware Road Tube station .,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a repeat hotel,"Stayed one night prior to a tour.  Room was just OK.  Stayed two nights after our tour returned.  We should have changed hotels!!  This room was old, had less than 15 inches to walk between a makeshift ""TV stand"", which also housed a dirty refrigerator that was not working, and the bed.  Room contained 2 single beds, but was so small that it should have been considered for one person only! Traveled with another couple and requested rooms near each other.  Theirs was 18th floor, ours was 13th floor.  In a hotel featuring 1,000 rooms, we are sure that rooms closer than this could have been arranged.  Staff was only minimally helpful.  Neighborhood of this hotel certainly not as inviting as Kensington.  Restaurants nearby were not appealing. Paddington station was close by, which…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Improved Experience following my complaint,"Following my previous review which raised several issues, I was pleased with my return. Although I was offered the laughable Hilton Honors points instead of a refund, Hilton kindly agreed for a another stay at the same hotel. The check-in was much better, I wasn't told we had a smoking room or could pay £20 for a horrible upgrade or offered free breakfast/wifi. The room was much nicer, larger, with a great window to view London. The bed was ok and the TV didn't work, but we don't stay in a hotel to watch TV. We were offered access to the executive lounge which was shut, but still a nice thought I guess. I actually preferred the breakfast during my last visit as there was a chef making fresh omelettes.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too big and busy to care,"This has got to be the worst Hilton hotel I have stayed in and I am a HH Gold member. From the moment we checked in until checking out there was never a time where we felt valued by staff (apart from concierge). The hotel was full, so it appears that if the hotel is at full capacity, they don't really care about individual needs of guests. Some of the experiences we had:  - 30 minute check in - Room in poor condition and had to ask for a change - Telephone in room didn't work - Room key-card never worked more than once, so had to change 6 times and felt like a criminal when we tried to convince them that it was our room - Breakfast was so bad that even though we paid for it  we decided to eat out - Air conditioning didn't work in the room  - Room next to motorway/hospital so…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well below Hilton Brand Values,"We stayed here as part of a tour for 11 nights and virtually every day was a shambles. Key cards not working, room not made up, toilet not flushing, rubbish not emptied...I list a few defects only. Room was tiny, old and tired. We complained but got the feeling there was nothing new in that. This is a very large & busy hotel and rooms I'm sure range in quality - but brands are judged in personal experience not what could be delivered. We stayed on in London for another five days but moved down the road to an Accor hotel which did honour it's brand promise. Travelers beware - this hotel may not deliver what you expect. It should be a disgrace to Hilton but is clearly a money maker in the conference & tour sector but given the choice I'd never stay there again. ",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel!,Spending an extra 100 pounds to upgrade to a newly renov. Room in the renov floors is wut u should look for. Normal floors are DIRTY and so are the old rooms but when i upgraded i got an excellebt room + panoramoc view on hydepark n all london. The fittelness center is ok 2 and so are the coaches but actually when its not crowded.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very busy, but efficent","Styed for work. On arrival the reception as very busy but all staff very efficent.  Lounge area is large and buzzy. We ate in the bar in the afternoon, food was excellent and service quick and efficent.  Rooms were very comfortable and quiet. All staff on reception again efficent on check out. Very busy hotel, but efficent.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel to explore London from,"Excellent location, 1min away from tube station on Edgware Road. One of the few hotels in London to have a pool, which the kids loved. Decent sized rooms for London as well. Only negative is the breakfast which gets very busy. What ever you do, don't take the option of going to the 2nd restaurant buried in the bowels of the hotel. Horrible room and nothing seemed to work, with long waits for food to be brought out. Well worth holding on and waiting for a seat in the main restaurant.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
3527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Future Stop for the upcoming Holidays,"Well, We never stayed there before, However I've been reading all the advisory about this particular Hilton, & Seems like it, we made a big mistake to book our holidays to be there, I just noted the name of responsive manager Mr. or Madam Lonme.......... In case if we run with a problem, to take it to him,her............ We are the Previous Waldorf Hilton Guest and Intercontinental Park Lane as well, I will for sure come back here to write my experience, so far reading all this comments, makes me so shaky to stay there.............  :(",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excelent hotel with top notch Executive Lounge,I used to stay at this hotel several times during this year and I was always very satisfied with it. Especially I would like to emphasize the excellent Executive Lounge staff. Thanks a lot to Anna Regula and Joana Koda for their support and help. I hope I will back to this hotel and its wonderful people soon. Best Regards. Mariusz,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing standard.  Not what I'd expect from a Hilton,"Stayed at the Metropole at the weekend & will admit it was extremely busy as the Rugby Cup Final was on and also the NFL. There was a large party of us and we had booked 6 rooms at a considerable cost.   This hotel is huge and we were spread all over the place which wasn't exactly ideal but there you go. The rooms were clean and comfortable although the bathrooms were in desperate need of updating, especially the 'shower' which most definitely needed modernising.   My husband is a diamond Hilton Honours member and in the majority of Hilton Hotels we have stayed in previously we have always had complimentary water provided along with bathroom necessities. None of the rooms we booked had the water and some of the bathroom extras were also missing.  To be fair once I complained…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old fashioned and noisy,"Tower block rooms are small, old fashioned, smelly and very noisy. Lacking amenities in the room No alarm clock ; ordered a wake up call ... never got it Breakfast room is large, noisy and packed will people waiting in line at the buffet. Restaurant staff was rude and not helpful when trying to have a breakfast business meeting in a quieter part of the room.  Will not stay here unless have to",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Afew Sandwiches a Short of an Afternoon Tea,"  My cousin and I went for afternoon tea on an Amazon Local deal. We were both so looking forward to it making sure we had plenty of room for delights that were promised to us in the description.  All started well we were shown to a table in a quiet corner of the bar and our waitress explained the drinks options that were available to us then left us to make our choices.   Upon her return having perused the cocktail menu we both decided we would like the Earl Grey Martini. We also told her we would like only the vegetarian sandwiches, she seemed a bit confused.  She said she would ask if this would be ok, my cousin and I were a bit bewildered and thus, awaited her response.  She returned to say this would fine asking us if we ate egg, which we said we did.  Whilst our afternoon…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,very good experience,"Good hotel, courteous staff, clean and spacious. Amenities for all my needs.My daughter also enjoyed herself. Close to major sights and attractions. Loved the fast track service for Hilton Honors members especially during breakfast service.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Noisy,Sleep disturbed by noisy neighbours who managed to stagger their arrivals back throughout the night. Thanks guys. Still not the hotels fault but you might want to ask For somewhere quieter than I got. Am sure I will get over it but it's 0630 and I have been awake since two. ,Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the best in the world,"Not what you expect for the amount of money you pay. Thankfully for me it was only £90 but it's not even worth that. The problem is the fact it's just too damn big, it's a huge hotel and needs a lot of TLC which is severely lacking. Rooms in the tower block are tiny and old fashioned. Good points are location and staff, but that's it. I wouldn't stay again ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Reception and foyer great - it's a pity about the bedrooms,"This is the first time we have stayed in a Hilton hotel in London and it will definitely be our last.  We usually opt for a hotel from the Intercontinental Group (Crowne Plaza, Indigo and Holiday Inn) and were expecting a similar standard from the Hilton.  On arrival we were pleased with the look of the hotel foyer and were checked in with a minimum of fuss, although there was no friendly greeting.  We had asked for a twin room and were allocated a room in the Tower on the 13th floor.  A very fast lift took us up to the 13th floor with impressive speed.  The room was extremely small and cramped and is the smallest room I have ever stayed in, even in London.  The window was open but there was a great deal of noise so we immediately closed the window.  The bathroom was clean, but…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well we didnt even get ther,"It really proves how expensive this hotel is  Booked for my partner and i anniversary for december  I booked through an online booking company  We decided to change hotels in which we have 46 days till our anniversary  I was asked to pay a £372 cancellation fee, but we were not due to arrive at the hotel till 18th Dec  I rang the Hotel amd the lady on the other end was so rude, she just didnt seem interested in the reason why i wanted to cancel  Ahe wanted to make a payment so i could cancel my booking  I didnt get anywhere as the lady hung up :(   So i have no idea if i will be charged or not  Will NEVER be booking here again  ",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,First impressions of the hotel is that it's quite impersonal,"Having worked for Hilton hotels many years ago, I was looking forward to staying here to see what all the hype was all about. First impressions wasn't great, quite a long walk from the car park to the reception, which isn't sign posted very clearly, passing various manager's or staff on the way, not one acknowledged me and said hello. You could tell that I'd just arrived by the amount of bags I was carrying. Back in my Hilton days we were trained to say hello/evening etc to all guests, even though it's common courtesy.  Arrived at the reception, the receptionist was friendly and gave me directions to the lift, another mission carrying 3 large bags. I guess the size of the hotel (it's massive), probably gives it that impersonal feeling but the staff could make a difference in my…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
3538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London,"Perfcet location, close to tube network.  Staff really friendly triple room suited our needs really well, a dated bathroom in much need of some TLC but plenty of hot water and powerful shower.  The breakfast was delicious!!",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel ,"A modern Hilton Hotel, very nice rooms and two great bars. Very friendly staff and everything you would expect from a Hilton. Easy access to central London via Edgware tube or a 10-15 minute walk. Other attractions such as Lords cricket ground are only a walk away.  We found the rates to be very good also.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Enjoyable visit, would recommend to others!","My family and I (kids 9,7,5) have just returned from a 3 night stay. We were allocated family room 991 in the West Wing. All I can say is that it was lovely. There was plenty of space, it was clean and modern and quiet despite it being close to the lifts. Having read quite a few negative reviews I would guess that the majority of reviewers had a 'blip' during the stay so went to town on the negativity. Despite the hotel being busy with the rugby world cup and half term I experienced no long queues at reception and all staff we encountered were helpful and polite. An additional breakfast room was opened on -3 floor near reception so no queues there and nor did we have to wait for a lift more than 30 seconds!! The kids enjoyed the swimming pool every day which again was very…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not impressed ,For the price we paid we were not impressed with the standard of the hotel and on complaining we were told to write a review and that is all! Birmingham standards are way higher and 1/3 of the price. Wood work rotting in the room. Toilet was faulty. Breakfast was cold in the extra restaurant. Choose somewhere else. ,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Oldish place ,We did not like the place  The room we had was very dirty with pieces of food from previous customers  Smell of dirty carpet  We fought for two days with the key lock of the room and we changed ten times the keys ... It's well located though and close by the subway ,Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
3543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family holiday in London,"We stayed at the Hilton Metropole for four nights, in a family room with three kids, 10 year old, 6 year old and 10 month old. When we checked in the receptionist did not have the right booking information from booking.com. She said breakfast was not included, when in fact we had paid for breakfast. This was corrected without problems.  The room was clean and nice, with a good bathroom. The breakfast was good but very busy, even in the slow periods. In the lobby there was a little shop where you could buy sandwiches and coffee, which was convenient.  An extra point for the elephant made of towels sitting on our bed when we came home one day :)",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Day out,Stayed here for a night on a trip rooms OK drinks are a bit pricey 4 pound for a bottle of water. But breakfast very good plenty to choose from and loved the lady with the basket offering goodies she was very kind and helpful  only downside is police sirens throughout the night,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Over night stay whilst visiting its sister hotel Hilton Park Lane,"For £197.00 a night I was not expecting a shoe box of a room that overlooked a brick wall.  There were no Bath robes, Shower cap or sewing kit etc in the room. The heating did not work but the air conditioning was full on.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent but overpriced,"This hotel has everything you need, and more. However the size of the room severely let this place down.  I had booked a queen deluxe room, but I was yet to see anything deluxe about it. The room was clean and the A/C was beautiful. The TV however only had a few working channels. Being a younger person I enjoy TV yet when I found the only channels that worked were BBC or the Quran readings I soon turned for the WiFi only to be let down by the extreme slowness. I got the WiFi for free as I booked direct. Although, if I had been changed I would have asked for my money back. The WiFi isn't fast enough to load YouTube videos in 480p (Standard TV quality) The bathroom looked like it was from the 70's, tiles are chipped and the grouting was a pale brown. The drains had a horrendous…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,Great hotel in very convenient location for getting out and exploring London. Rooms were clean and tidy with fabulous views of London.  We found the restaurant excellent and despite it being a large hotel the service was very good. Highly recommend.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too big to function properly,"I have to stay at this hotel once or twice a year to attend events held there and each time I dread staying. The hotel is just too big to function properly and clearly has nowhere near enough staff or facilities to cope with the number of guests.  I lost track of how much time I wasted queuing - at check-in, for the lifts, for breakfast and at check-out (and no, you can't use the express check-out because the bill is always wrong).   It is always a bad sign when you have to queue for so long at check-in - despite something like 10 check-in desks being open - but everyone taken up by someone with a problem with their booking or with their room.   The staff are all friendly enough, but clearly can't cope. It is noteable that the majority of them always seem to be trainees. I can…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Served a Purpose,"Want to thank Shehzad at reception for sorting out the confusion of surprise  upgrade to a  room that ended up smaller than original standard  room booked. So we asked  for our original booking .Our room was spacious for a standard ,but could do with a upgrade.Breakfast was plentiful though same menu daily( included with room price). Hotel clean was very busy due to Rugby Finals and in the Lebanese quarter. If you want to walk everywhere better to stay closer to main  drag. There is a bus stop close by, train station across the road, lots of cafes and Mark and Spencer's for food on the go. Hotel dinning  can become expensive. Oxford street is a 20 minute walk. On reflection would stay somewhere different next visit. Ooops  nearly forgot a big plus Starbucks coffee can be…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very poor service,"It started off with us being droped off by a taxi, the doorman thought it was funny to turn off the power to the rotating door, he laughed as I fell down in the door unit. Then the front desk could not find our reservation and told us we had the wrong hotel, until we showed him our reservation receipt for payment, he consulted with another person and found it, I asked if he needed a credit card on file and he said no as our room for 2 nights was already paid. So fine?,We went to dinner at the hotel restaurant and since their computer was down they asked us our room number we told the lady and she said they would bill the room. at 10: 45PM in bed asleep I got a call from the office that they needed to be paid, I told them I would take care of it in the morning which did not go…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
3551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dated Poor views over priced,For a so called central hotel they are quite a walk to any attraction  Don't expect a nice view of London   This seems to be located on the edge ware road which is the Islamic Lebanese quarter   Full of shisha smoking cafes   More of an international hotel rather if you want a local London feel stay elsewhere   And the average price is £200 with No breakfast  Rooms are dated and warn ,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Impressed.,"After checking out from Hilton Bankside and moving to this hotel I was severely disappointed. Would have cancelled and gone back if I could, this was more expensive yet I felt liked I had moved to a budget hotel. The difference in franchise owners is profound. I hear there are refurbished rooms but not if you choose executive lounge access like I did, it would be better to pay for the exec lounge access but ask for a downgraded room! Stepping out of the lift and into the room corridor felt like a timewarp into the 70s. The room itself was grubby. dirty brown stains on the wall next to the bed looked like someone had thrown a can of coke up the length of it, there was still visible liquid running down the wall. The bathroom consisted of a brown stained tub with hair from the last…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not terrible, but not good either - OK for conferences.","I would recommend this maybe for a business trip or conference. Not for holidays or family stays. The hotel is way too big, very impersonal and it seems like the hotel is simply not set up to manage its actual size.  I arrived late with 2 children and asked if I could get food at one of the restaurants or room service. They said room service was probably better. I rang for over 15 minutes and no answer. When I went down to see if I could get some food, the first restaurant  said they were closing and that I should check with the bar.  I went to the bar and whenI explained that I would get no answer over the phone, the 2 responses from managers was as follows: Manager 1: pretended we were invisible and moved on. Manager 2: actually made eye contact but explained if there was no…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice for business and family trips,"Recently refurbished, nicely located, close to the underground station. Good both for business and for family trips. There is gym and a swimming pool. Very reasonable priced. The only disadvantage is the hotel is very large and very crowded.   ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,CHOOSE ANOTHER HOTEL!,"Do not go there! After arrival, I was shocked, that aircon was not working properly and windows were not to open. In addition, rooms had a distinctive smell of cold sweat and dusty carpet. By the way, there was a nice balcony - but the doors were not possibl to open either.  Secondly, it is very nice, if you ar woken up in the middle of the night by a police officer asking to search your room, as they are looking or a fugitive inside the hotel... pefect night of sleep!  Lastly, checkout was crowded like McDonald's on Christmas eve in a white trash community.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,GREAT FAMILY ROOM!,"Great location! VERY SPACIOUS ROOM FOR FAMILY! enjoy very much when I bring my family for vacation in London, this is the third time i stayed in this hotel, my parents enjoy very much and impressed with the hotel services. Very helpful staff, and very friendly. The experience stay in this hotel truly enhance our London vacation. GREAT SELECTION OF BREAKFAST BUFFET, SPOTLESS CLEANLINESS. Certainly I'll come back again next Spring 2016! see you soon!",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice location,"It is superbly located on Edgware Road. Just five minutes walk from tube, that makes this hotel a nice choice, especially if have to travel a lot by tube.   We were four and we took single room, ( they have room with four beds)  it turned out to be fantastic decision as we all could stay together and discuss a lot.  Surely, we will visit again :)",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enormous room,"The room was clean, very comfortable and a lot of space.   Simon and Mahdid were stupendous and very helpful in making you feeling very welcome.  I had a great time and enjoy every minute in the hotel.  The staff was friendly, food in the restaurant was excellent",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoy the Executive Rooms,"The Hilton London Metropole is handy for Edgeware Road station, so handy for travelling about London.  Madame Tussauds and Regents Park are nearby and Edgeware Road has many restaurants to choose from. The hotel itself is very comfortable and has fantastic views of the London skyline.   Treat yourself and upgrade to an executive room with bathrobes and slippers.  You have access to the executive lounge where they serve breakfast (as an alternative to the busy main restaurant), afternoon tea and cocktails in the early evening.  The staff could not be more helpful!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Looking a bit tired for the brand values,"I arrived at 12 noon, a bit early, but the room was ready.  This is a frantically busy hotel, so the dedicated Hilton Honors desk was extremely useful.  The room own the Tower Wing was a disappointment, clean, but everything was looking a bit tired - chipped paint, slightly frayed carpet, the bed felt a bit lopsided.  I ate dinner in the Italian restaurant, which was excellent and very quick.  Time for a bit of a refurb I think.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very unhelpful and disinterested staff. Over-crowded restaurant.,"Booked a quick overnight stay via Hilton direct. Booked a double room, but was given a twin. No other options were available so had to take it as it was too late in the evening to find another hotel. Staff were unbelievably unhelpful. The worst I have experienced ever. I spent a reasonable evening in my room and was looking forward to breakfast in the morning. Unfortunately breakfast was a war zone. It was overcrowded, with queues to be seated. I did not have time to wait so went to reception to check out and ask if the breakfast could be removed as it was not possible to get any. This is wher pe the reception staff, manager came in to their own full blooded rudeness. They absolutely refused to give me the room only rate claiming I booked a package. I said I would have booked…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just about ok for one night,"Stayed one night for a birthday treat.   Reception staff not the friendliest, and not really interested in our needs.   Room decor average, bathroom a bit ropey and 2nd smallest bathroom I've ever had in a hotel, (the first being a converted wardrobe in a shonky 2* B&B!) but it is London. The blackout curtains, did not black out the light. Good job we brought our own toileries, as only enough free samples provided for one or the other of us to use, not both!   The biggest problem was the bed, as it was uncomfortable. The mattress was worn out, the springs had gone on the right side and you got seasick everytime your partner moved. Bad nights sleep.  TV remote didn't work properly. Plus neither of the electronic keys worked until you had slowly and methodically swiped the card…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family concerns dealt with,"My family of 5 stayed over the weekend of the 17th Oct, the same as the previous two reviews.  We pre-booked inter connecting rooms and checked in early.  The rooms were not ready, so we left our luggage and enjoyed the sights of the city.  The location is perfect for getting around London.  When we got back to the room we found that the children's room had a strong smell of cigarette smoke.  We tried phoning reception but there was no answer so I went downstairs and joined the queue.  The manager Rudra, came to the room and we were met there by housekeeping.  He initially denied that there was a smell which got an expected response from my wife and I.  We discussed moving hotels etc which resulting in a number of immediate actions.  They got a de-odouriser in the room while…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel - shame  about stolen jacket,"Stayed for 3 nights on a sight seeing visit to London in mid-September.  Found this hotel very nice, nice room, good breakfast choice, enjoyed the Edg bar late at night for a last drink each evening. Decent wi-fi service for casual browsing, email, etc.   It was an excellent base as it is across the road from Edgware Road underground which, if I remember correctly, serves 5 underground lines. Most places we went were within 20 minutes and usually no more than 1 changeover.   Unfortunately, on our last evening my other half left her jacket in the sports bar. Didn't notice until we were checking out and she went to put it on. No problem we thought, we did leave it in there, we know this. Therefore surely a member of staff would have passed it onto lost property or security.   The…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not impressed with mainly the Spanish speaking front desk staff,"I was attending a conference at this hotel and so was expecting a nice straightforward check in. I went to the desk and the guy took my name, saw my reservation and asked for my debit card. I told him that the company had paid the bill already but he insisted that a bank card needed to be kept on file. I reluctantly handed over my card and said that any additional charges would be settled by our MD at the end of our stay. We were all in different parts of the hotel but under the same booking.   At 2am an invoice slides under my door and I see that my personal bank card is being listed and I'm going to be charged £228 at 12pm the next day. Also they were checking me out the next morning even though it was a 2 night stay. We explained that we wanted 2 nights over the phone when…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel - if you get a renovated room,"I liked this hotel. But the important caveat was that this is because I was well treated as a HH diamond member. I was upgraded to a renovated room and the exec lounge was surprisingly good for a large hotel.  However, having seen the unrenovated rooms I'd have been less happy with being allocated to one of those!  The main room for improvement I noted was that the 2 hot items in the exec lounge were porridge and boiled eggs. I prefer the more conventional London lounge options of scrambled eggs and bacon - but (to be generous) perhaps this is based on guest feedback...",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient London base,"If you want a convenient base to explore London within easy reach of Heathrow, Hilton's Edgware Rd property may well fit the bill.  It typically costs a bit less than the Paddington Hilton but is an easy walk up the road after arriving on the Heathrow Express.  Tube and bus connections in the immediate surrounding area are excellent.  The property is newly refurbished which gives it a nice, shiny feel.  Staff attentive and friendly.  Baggage store facility (nb charge if collecting post 11pm).   Spa has compact indoor pool.  All in all all the amenities and reliability you would expect from a Hilton.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well Located Hotel with Inept Staff,"Had a day rental during a 13 hour flight layover in London.  Hotel is exceedingly well located; it is a five minute walk from Paddington Station to catch the Heathrow Express.  Staff, however, was among the worst I've encountered at a Hilton property.  Upon check-in the the door key did not work so I had to haul my bags back to the front desk and get the key reprogrammed...then it still did not work, called the front desk from the house phone and waited 15 minutes for a security guard to let me in...finally the housekeeper took pity on me and let me into the room.  To top it off, I was never e-mailed my receipt, I just had to incur the expense of an international call to request it.  The staff at this hotel, particularly at the front desk, clearly all need to be much more on the…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,not enough staff,"The hotel itself as well located, quite large and well appointed, however there's not nearly enough staff for the size and number of guests.  The check in process was very long and tedious, but once we got up to the room, which was ver standard, we found that it was very quiet!  The Internet was only free if your Hilton honors member and only for an hour, but the bar and room service were nice and quite tasty!",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Weekend,The hotel very well located - across the road from underground station.  Walk down Edgware Road to Marble Arch and Oxford Street. Breakfast good - very busy restaurant as can be expected in  London Hotel,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,£299 and no breakfast !!,Very average given room rate. Corridors tired looking although room was fine. Huge reception area but no personality. Didn't feel particularly welcome.Location is good-2 minutes from tube station. Cheap toiletries in bathroom together with an old rubber bath mat which had seen better days.,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,40th birthday.,Stayed here for 2 nights for my husbands birthday. We came from Belfast and chose this hotel because it was in a great location close to the tube stations and bus routes. Hotel downstairs is beautiful and we had a fantastic meal in Flamma restaurant in the hotel. Food and staff brilliant. Rooms were not as lovely as we had hoped. They are very compact although do have everything you need. Bathroom very small. We were on the 20th floor and the view over London was beautiful. The hotel is clean and we would stay here again. Would recommend for anyone using their hotel as a base to go and explore from and would recommend the restaurant.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","The hotel is located half way down Edgware road so is very handy for shopping on oxford street. The hotel was great, very quiet and very comfy beds. The room was spacious and clean. We didn't pay for breakfast at the hotel and there isn't a need to as there is a costa coffee and a pret a manger just across the road.  The buses from the bus stop right outside primark stop just outside the hotel so this is also handy!! The hotel is also close to the baker loo, Hammersmith and circle lines so it is really easy to get around.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What a deception !,"I stayed in this hotel to attend a conference in London, happy and eager to taste ""Hilton famous service""...what a surprise!!! Check  in team is really smilly, dedicated and available, but I booked (and prepayed) a room with king size bed, I received a single, old, dusty, with damaged furniture, ridiculous bathroom and the noise of the A40 all night long... For the service, the breakfast was at international standard no more an the bar too. For the lunch or the diner, the neighborhood is full of possibilities. This is clearly not the standard I was expecting and described in the information notice. It's sure I won't stay again in this hotel !",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This hotel is being slowly refurbished - not my room though !,"This hotel is ideally situated for the underground (Edgware tube station).  On entering the hotel the reception is modern and the bars and shops inside look modern.  The receptionists were helpful, however, my room was not ready so I left my case at the luggage room which was disorganised (he couldn't find it on my return!) and the man in the room was not particularly friendly or helpful - seemed oblivious to the very long queue and instead chatted with a man about rugby for at least 5 minutes.  My room was on the fifth floor and it took an age waiting for the lift.  It was very old and dated with a huge fridge in it with a peeling sticker on the front - not what I imagined a Hilton to be !  It was very dark and gloomy and overlooked a concrete wall which didn't help the overall…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Falling Down in London,Chose this hotel for its location and for the Hilton name. The desk person I encountered was curt and surly when I advised when I requested free WiFi. The breakfast was way over-priced. The best part of the stay was when I was unconscious (asleep). I will not return,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Central hotel very handy fir Paddington,"This hotel is a 3 minute walk to Edgware Road tube either Circle/District or Bakerloo lines. Also plenty of buses nearby. Clean, cosmopolitan hotel. With whisky bar, main bar and a coffee/snack area open until 8pm. Smoking and nonsmoking rooms available. Taxi rank out of rear entrance. Staff very helpful. Pre booked rooms that are not cancellable work out cheaper.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to the usual Hilton standard,"We stayed 3 nights at this Hilton doing the Rugby World Cup. This is a very large hotel, with a lot of large groups checking in and out, and staff do not appear to be able to cope with this.  If, like us, you are not part of a large group, things can be quite painful.  The lobby area is always crowded, with long waits for reception, making check in quite slow, whether or not you have HHonors.   The room we had requested was a triple share, which we got.  It was adequate, however there were only two towels in the bathroom.  We tried to ask a maid with a trolley for a third towel, but she was unable to speak any English and simply could not help us.  We rang through and eventually got another towel bought up.  There is a charge if you want to have the minibar cleared so that you…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good, conveniently located 'no-frills' base","Chose this hotel mainly for the reasonably priced triple rooms (with 3 single beds rather than a double and a single) and convenient location. It did the job for what we wanted, however, if you're looking for a plush 4 star, this may not be for you.   The lobby and downstairs of the hotel is very nice. There always seemed to be long queues at reception, but staff were pleasant enough and there's a good baggage storage area that you can use pre and post check in/out.   We were asked if we wanted a smoking or non smoking room, of which we replied non smoking, however, the room we were given stank of smoke. The staff were quick to give us another room, however, and called a short while after to check everything was OK. The room itself was very average, a bit tired and certainly not…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,More like in Inn,Too many people for the staff to be able to address any issues.  Not value for money. Much better places to stay in. Room A/C heating was not working. Long queues then if there is a problem too long to sort this.,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel for London,"Have stayed in this hotel 4 times, and its a good hotel for London, considering the price and location. Oxford street, and the Hyde Park are less than 10 mins away by walking. The executive rooms, although are a higher category rooms and offer lounge access, are situated in the older section of the hotel, while the new section of the hotel has much larger rooms. For a 4 start hotel, i believe the rooms are within standard. In comparison with the good standard of the hotel, the breakfast restaurant really under performs with the commercial and tasteless food.  The hotel staff are professional and friendly.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't stay here whatever you do ,Worst hotel  I have every stayed in tiny tiny rooms looking into other building one pice of soap waited average 10 min for lifts each time swipe for rooms never worked un friendly staff fire escape was locked  Terrible slow service just don't stay book somewhere else it's a total ripoff  Brodes,Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant service from the time you get out the car,"Staff incredibly helpful nothing to much trouble. Room sparkly clean and smelling fresh. Huge tv  We booked our room on a budget and knew the view wasn't going to be great, But who cares! Beds singles lovely big size very comfortable. Lots of hot water  A good size fridge  Winner!! ",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This is a Hilton?  Conrad HIlton would be ashamed.,"I paid $539 for one night in room 2003, which is an approximately 15 ft.x 15 ft. dated, dingy, space with stained carpets and mildewed  tile.   It did have a beautiful city view, which is good because it is difficult to sleep with the low groan and beeping of elevator noise in the background. What $539 doesn't get you is internet.   Seriously, $539 and you are going to charge $20 for internet!   The lobby is like an airport with long lines to check in, at  the bar and shops.  I rated the service as poor, which is not entirely fair because I didn't get much services as I gave up waiting to ask about looking up my Hilton Honors number so I wouldn't have to pay for internet.  Instead I went across the street and used the coffee shop wi fi.  The top-hatted doorman who hailed my taxi…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This is the right hotel...,"This is the right hotel, located 2 blocks away from the underground station  (metro), very good meeting rooms,restaurants,stores, bedrooms are clean,comfortable,staff helpful and very well manner. You can catch a double decker at the corner, a few good PUBS around as well restaurants. Nice small bar within the hotel but family friendly as well,Hilton is a warranty !",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
3586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location but that's it,"So we have chosen to stay in this hotel on a number of times when we have visited London.  Location is awesome to Edgeware road station, so that's the bonus.  Now the hotel.  It's is huge.  1000 rooms which will give you an indication that it is very busy and this is where it falls down.  As a branded Hilton Hotel it is awful.  Hilton should remove its branding from this hotel, though I know it won't happen due to the amount of money they make.  On this occasions we booked an executive room with executive club access.  The room was so small that only one suitcase could be opened up at a time and we have to put a small cabin bag behind the door as their was no room in the room.  The bed was as hard as a piece of plywood.  No give in the mattress.  The shower had mould around the…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel.,"there were five of us on this over night trip with edwards .it was the jack the ripper walk,including,london eye ,and dinner cruise along with covent garden visit, and it was a delight after a very busy time to go back to this hotel it was so comfortable ,breakfast couldnt get any better.staff was caring and helpful. but remember to eat at down stairs dinning room it is more quiet and relaxed upstairs is manic to say the least. this hotel is in easy reach of everywhere you would be going to. we will definately be going back here.  G.HAWKINS.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overcrowded,"Central and convenient located hotel, but way too many people! It took us 20 min to check in, breakfast is a struggle; queueing to get a table, queueing to get some food. Waiting for the lift took us 23 min on the Monday morning. No stairs available, only to be used in case of emergency. Room 202 was located next to the service elevator which woke us up at 04:30 in the morning... Interior of room is outdated and in urgent need of refurbishment. Wifi is to be paid for, not done in 2015. Typical Hilton, as the same goes for Hilton Antwerp. ",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This hotel is not worthy of Hilton name,"Awful experience from reception, room, bar, checking out.  Old worn rooms, had to ask to be changed from a twin to the actual booked king , disinterested staff, bar charging ""optional"" gratuities without prior notification.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel ,"Our first hotel in London  We got there very early in the morning  Staff were very friendly and checked us in early, even put a rush on getting the room cleaned  Allowed us to use to gym to freshen up and stored our bags until room was ready  Only annoyance was putting s hold on the credit card when they weren't supposed to  Otherwise s good hotel ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London base for land tour with Globus,"We stayed here a total of 3 nights in April 2015. The staff was helpful. The bathrooms were small, and had no counter or storage space for toiletries. The restaurant/bar was small and had few selections, but the staff was super friendly! Outdoors, we looked for a restaurant, but we walked for 3 blocks outside the front door, and all we found were hookah restaurants with Middle Eastern food.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
3592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Underwhelming,"Overpriced, small, and old. The lobby is flash but it ends there! I would recommend you look around and you will definitely find better value eslewhere. London is expensive, but this is really overpriced. I only stayed to attend a conference here, but wish I had gone somewhere else for my weekend! Won't make the same mistake again.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location if you want to stay on Edgware Road,"We received a really friendly welcome when checking in and were pleased to be upgraded.  Our room was in the Tower on 22nd Floor.  The lifts go so fast that you get up and down before you know it and the view was truly wonderful.  Good sized and clean room.  Bathroom ""freebees"" were minimal but a shower cap was delivered to our room on request.  The swimming pool and leisure facilities are clean and attractive. Breakfast was excellent although with so many people to cater for it did feel a bit like a scrum but that's an observation and not a complaint.  Express check-out service was useful. As a whole the hotel is tastefully decorated and spotlessly clean. It's a busy hotel but the staff are well organised, courteous and extremely efficient.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good,Check in took to long and toilet flush temperamental (room 1074) However room was excellent and room service beyond expectations. Steak was well presented and of high quality. Good value hotel.  Hotel is in an excellent location being convenient for the major attractions,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enorme ed impersonale,"A huge impersonal old hotel ! The rooms are tiny and charmless . The bathroom is very outdated and unwelcoming . The hall is vast , the bar feels like a caffetteria in an old train station . Breakfast isn't too bad but the dining room is not very cozy ...",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Family Room -didn't meet our expectations or expected Hilton quality,"This hotel room for a family is not as expected. The room was smaller than expected, the hideaway bed was very uncomfortable and difficult  to open and close. The room  had multiple maintenance issues requiring multiple visits from maintenance. Management did  offer an accommodation due to service issues. The bar advertised specials not known by bar servers, and the free breakfast is good, but the dining room is very busy and loud.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Waste of good money,"We are a family of 4 on our first family trip to London  and what a disappointing stay.  The price per night for a family superior room after conversion was exorbitant given the AUD exchange rate  but we booked into this hotel after a long search as  it was a family trip with children, we were arriving into the night after a long flight and wanted a good place to stay and expected the normal standards of Hilton.  The room in some far flung corner in some wing was horrible- the corridor smelt, there were stains on carpets in the hall, the door to the room was old dark plywood and the room itself felt it fitted in the 60s- old wooden pieces and couple of beds.  We kept removing the runners from the bed as they had hair all over them and the house keeping would put them back on.…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better than expected,"I travelled to London with my husband and two daughters.The room had two double beds.and although not a lot of space it was good for us,We had good views and I found the staff to be helpful.It is walking distance to Oxford St dangerous if like my daughters you love shopping.The negative is that they do not have a laundry to wash your own clothes,but the desk staff pointed me in the direction of one about a two minute walk,and it cost 15 pounds a day for wi-fi.All up I enjoyed my stay.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Big hotel, close to the tube & many amenities ",Very large hotel with lots of conference space. Several restaurants onsite - I ate at 2 and both were quite good. Executive Lounge can get a bit busy but food and choices are very tasty. A very close walk to the tube and comfy rooms. I would stay here again. ,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This is not the standards you expect a Hilton establishment,"A short 3 day stay at the Hilton London on Edgware road which I booked via rocketmiles.com for airline points.  I must say this was not what I expected. A hotel that should be better maintained and kept but is not in the center of London....  There are other choices to choose from to be fair in the same area and the same price.  The only plus point for me was at least I got points for my stay but otherwise, on a normal day, and if I had to book this hotel for a stay in London, I would have booked else where.  Very disappointing so much is neglected and ignored...when it could be so so much better from A to Z.  I had a non smoking room that still had the smell of ciggie smoke and that bothered me all night long whilst trying to sleep after a 13 hour flight...requested a room…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Can't believe a place can go downhill as much as this in just a few years (warning, long)","From 2006 till 2012 I travelled up and down to London a lot, often twice a year, often staying in this hotel. Being down this week on business I checked in last night as I had to attend a gala dinner in a nearby hotel and thought that this would make a good place to go after for a bed.  Cannot believe how bad this hotel is now. The ""refurbishment"" only amounts to the foyer at the bank whereby they have removed another check in area and replaced this with a kids play area. The whole ground level resembles a cheap shopping mall.  I had to wait over 30 minutes to check in as there were only two staff at the desk.   First issue: Honours Hilton card was in husbands name so chap at desk seem to have a problem with that. I stated it was accepted everywhere else by Hilton and didn't…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,An effective hotel machine,"A typical big hotel, fair enough, but total lack of charme. Probably the longest check-in I have ever experienced. Took 30 minutes to get our two rooms. First I was informed I got a free upgrade, then during the half hour this suddenly disappeared. Breakfast was very expensive and we were much happier the days we ate breakfast outside the hotel. Adding on a rather uncaring part of London, even if good price, we will stay elsewhere next time",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business stay for three,"The hotel location and general quality of the room was clean and of good quality. Unfortunately although we requested a triple single room, and stated this on the room request as this was for three business colleagues, we were provided with a twin double room. The bathroom was needs to be updated and the check in took too long for my linking. If this was a private trip then this would have been great.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Let down,"What was supposed to be a treat at the end of our holiday was a frustrating disappointment. Like no other Hilton I have experienced our room was dirty, tired and none of the special touches you expect for the money. Our 'deluxe King room' was certainly not. It was a feat to get a response from the reception to be told that our tiny little bed 'was' a King. Never again.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Happy at Hilton,"had a 1 night stay here on a coach trip theatre break. found everywhere clean and comfortable,bathroom was a bit small but shower and bath worked well and there were plenty of soft towels,never had to queue for lift or wait for one to arrive,did book twin beds but did not get them although quite happy with huge bed we did have,surprised that receptionist did not know there was shop in the hotel selling newspapers so my husband went out to buy one.hotel in good location for circle and district line underground and from that access to other lines.breakfast was excellent ,great choice,good quality and friendly staff. have booked a 2 night stay in december with my dad who is 94 and has some mobility problems so hope all will go smoothly as it will be close to christmas and very busy.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Certainly not what I would expect from a Hilton,"Having booked a family room and made a special note that we needed the pull out bed to be made before we arrived as we would be very late back with tired children after a show - this wasn't done. We actually arrived to check in at a reasonable time (4pm) and when we got to the room and saw this wasn't done, we called to ask to have this sorted. By our return - with tired children at around 11pm, this wasn't done, so we had to do it ourselves.  In fact when first arriving to the room, we were trying to enter our room and heard the housekeeping team saying ""this is a VIP room and it hasn't even been hoovered"" (does make me wonder if ours was seeing as we weren't VIPs) The room was on the west wing 12th floor and in need of refurbishment. It was obviously a wheelchair room in the…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Awful service, awful service, did I mention awful service?","Stayed at the Hilton London Metropole from Oct 5-10 and was absolutely appalled by the experience.   -Was forced to switch rooms 3 times due to various issues with condition of rooms that I was assigned   -Luggage was supposed to be delivered to room before my arrival back and disappeared for nearly 3 hours without any explanation - causing me to miss my most important business meeting of the year   -When needed extra towel or bath robe, had to request 3 times without any explanation as to why they weren't coming  -75% of times I called the front desk there was no answer  -Hotel is inconsistent and generally in disrepair   -Swimming pool has been rented out to private childrens swim classes, and leaves no room for guests   - Room service ordered a couple of times was delayed…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, poor bar service",In 2013 I stayed at the Hilton Metropole several times for work. Last weekend I came back with 3 friends for a weekend in London so we decided to stay at the Metropole for the good location to all London sights. The tube stop is right across the street which makes it very easy to go around. The room was perfect for 4 for us with enough space although the beds were quite squeaky / noisy everytime someone would turn. As a Hilton Honor Gold member we could use the executive room facilities which was really nice.  One of the parts that really disappointed was coming back to the hotel Saturday evening and going to to bar for something to drink. It was about 10pm with only a few tables (maybe 4) occupied. We sat down and waited to order drinks and even though there were 5 people…,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in central London,"Had a stay here in the middle of October 2015. Weather was unseasonably great. While not related to the hotel, it might have coloured the opinion of my stay.  The rooms and amenities in the hotel are good. We had a family room with two queen sized beds, a couch and a desk. Two flat screen TV's. One in front of the beds, another in front of the couch. At first, the remote for one of these didn't work, but a call to the reception had that fixed in short order. However, calls for breakfast boxes and an adaptor did not meet with success.  The hotel has a restaurant, a sport's bar, a regular bar, a coffee shop and a souvenir shop. All with friendly staff. But the real prize if you bring kids is the pool. While not large, it gives you a chance to get a nice break from the city.  The…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
3610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, outstanding service.  Property is quite dated and smells of smoke.","I was favorably impressed with the hotel from the staff itself.  The location is superb via the express tube and there is plenty to be for eating in the surrounding area.  But the rooms are typically European small,  and they have a odor which smells of cigarette smoke.  The air conditioning units struggles when it's hot and you can hear your neighbors easily.Much of the facility didn't work such as lamps, elevators, etc ...  All of this is a nit, and I admit that.  But it IS a Hilton and I expected more.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel; poor service,"Excellent hotel, in a good location and a great rate. Check-in wasn't too busy with just a few minutes to wait and I was offered a room upgrade in the ""West Wing"" which was great - the room was large, clean and very comfortable.  I tried calling the ""magic"" button for room service but no one answered, nor was able to answer the front desk. No idea whether this called the (empty) reception in the Wing or main reception but unusual. Plan B worked well - opposite the hotel was a Pret so it was my normal London fare of a Pret picnic in the room.  Breakfast was fine and I used ""quick checkout"" for speed and of course am still waiting for my receipt :-)  Got to my meeting really easily by ordering a ""Gett"" taxi which picked me up on the side street, which had a dedicated entrance to…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great service with good food,"We didn't stay here this time, came to the sports bar for dinner only. Good food & good service We had pizza & one of my friends said that he have never had a pizza like this, awesome. Drinks we had few cocktails that was good as well.  After all the bill was not too much as well because 3 of us works in hilton so we got 50% staff discount. Overall nice experience. To be a guest in metropole.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expected Better,We stayed in this hotel but was not blown away over all.The location is perfect for business people but it was too busy for us as a family. The room was a little small and old. But the staffs were very professional and helpful. Buffet breakfast did not have any wow factor. I have eaten better with less price. I don't think I will stay there again. ,Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,king suit only fit for the court jester,"the 470GBP/night was very tatty, very poorly finished. The TV's in both rooms did not work. The entertainment system is from the 90's with no high definition movies and is ultra slow the remotes did not work. The shower had mould and filth embedded between the tiles. and no bathrobes provided. the standard rooms are much better quality. DONT BOOK A KING SUIT",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One Night,"Stayed here for one night with Edwards Coaches - was on the Jack the Ripper Tour - room nice and clean, although was quite noisy as was facing onto the road.  Bathroom was quite small.  Breakfast was fine, plenty to choose from.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Choose your room wisely,"This hotel is in a good location and offers a better stay than the nearby Paddington, however I was put in room 338 and I could not sleep the first evening. The room itself is fine, however it is right above the gym and it seems the weight section isn't insulated well enough. You here the ""boom"" each time a weight is dropped and it is a thud. I left my room and went to floor 4 and also hear it here. I stayed on the east wing. The room itself was fine and they moved me so I have no complaints about the hotel. Choose the west wing if you can, it's further away from reception but the rooms are much nicer. Front of house there rarely seems to be enough staff on and when there is it seems they are all learning and can be very frustration on check in with sometimes long waiting lines",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Privacy Issues,"I stayed here with work for one night, and while I was satisfied with the clean, spacious rooms a few issues let it down.  First impressions were good - the hotel is well located on Edgware Road, immediately opposite the tube station, and the lobby and bar looked the part. Check in was slow, however in fairness to the hotel they sent more staff to get the queue down. This is a big hotel with more than 1,000 rooms, and it showed.  The room was large and clean, with two single beds, a large television and a fantastic bathroom. Unfortunately the TV didn't seem to work properly - I could only get BBC1 & BBC2 to work, the rest said no signal and no other buttons seemed to respond.  The lift was erratic, the night of the stay I waited 5+ minutes for a lift with no sign of one, and…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor executive room,"I  am a regular customer of Hilton being a diamond member. However this room fell short of normal standards. Front desk were very helpful and upgraded us to an exec room. However  the room was tired, the shower erratic at best, toilet did not work properly and the room did not meet Hilton standards for cleanliness  Exec lounge was good Not what I expect from Hilton  ",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Didn't spoil our weekend but....,"Stayed here for on a Friday evening for one night. Check in was ok, but no info on breakfast, hotel facilities or what was available at the hotel. Room was ok, if a little small. The sink hadn't been cleaned and there were lipstick marks over the wall. The bed was comfy and view was good. Service in the edge bar was good and efficient early evening. However after eating out and returning to the bar service was painfully slow. Breakfast was a shambles and a total waste of money. Had to wait for fresh cooked items on the buffet only for it to be cold and just not enough to go around. A hotel of this size should know how to run efficient breakfast service! Hardly any fresh fruit and again not enough orange juice to go around. Waited 30mins for half a cup of coffee. Check out was…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not bad, but needs some renovation","Hotel has good location. Corridors needs to be renovated, they look bad, but surprisingly room was great, clean, not tiny and renovated.  Although the hotel has several desks at the reception, the line there is usually quite long. But considering the size of the hotel, it's no surprise. To sum up, the hotel has central location, just 10 mins walk to Marble Arch and for London it's quite cheap, so I think it's good value for money. I'd recommend it.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good capuccino, but...","Very disappointed with the experience in this hotel. Bath tub blocked, TV all blurred, paid wifi, lighting too low(...this is not a romantic hotel after all) quite shabby altogether. But the cappucino at the bar was the best. ",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Recent stay in Hilton Metropole,"I got a room in the tower wing instead of the new wing. But the rooms are still very good. I arrived late at 10pm, but the check in is very smooth / minimal queue. The hotel is located at the Edgware Station, and just one stop away from Paddington Station (Heathrow Express). There is a Marks and Spencer just in front too !!",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ,"Booked the hilton hotel as part of a birthday celebration weekend in London. Check - in queues were very long and waited approx 20 minutes to check in. The room was small and in need of refurbishing. Was very disappointed in the staff, didn't find them helpful at all. Feel very disappointed as I felt alot more could have been done to make the experience more enjoyable.  ",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok,"The rooms here are looking a little tired now.  Depending on the time of day of your check-in, there can be a long queue, even on the Hilton Honours desks.  The bar and the dining areas are refurbished and really nice.  The hotel is in an ideal location for Paddington Station, Marble Arch and Edgware Road tube.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family time!!! ,"It was a great experience the stay in this hotel, I learn a lot about the country, every one was pleasant  to us, the food was very good,and the room was very clean. The breakfast have a lot to chose from, and the store inside the hotel were very nice too, i love the decoration. I definitely coming back. So much to do in  London  one trip is not enough.  ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
3626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible hotel for the money,"I stayed here for 1 night in August 2015 and I couldn't wait for the night to be over. The room was very tired and basic, tiny and overlooked by many other rooms so really had to keep the curtains closed all the time if you wanted any privacy at all. The room service was poor and burnt. Check-out in the morning was a shambles, with me mentioning a number of time that I was tight for time but still awaiting a final bill had to just ask my card on file be charged so that I could make my flight when I had allowed plenty time. I would definitely not stay here again, it is a shame as I've stayed here before and it was lovely, I think it is because it is being renovated that you are being binned to the deepest, darkest parts of the hotel even if you have paid to have a fair bit more…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What they trying to do with a credit card is a scam,"This is happened  to be my third stay at this property and as a gold member i thought, it would be more pleasant for me...guess not  Starting when  i move to another room and waiting for more than one hour to my luggage to be deliverd to me with  more than 2 calls to the resption still no help,untill i came down and asked them to open the room and i will do it my self and this is what  happened   Later on,I have been receiving  suspicious transaction on my master card with different  amount which is not for the rate i made my reservation with ,when i speak to the reception first time they admitted that they trying to take amount from it ,i wonder why is that, in fact, i paid for all my stay plus the regular deposit  also and i have the receipt with me  Second time went to the…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Modern hotel and good location,Excellent location and a quiet hotel. Right on the circle line and makes travelling around London a breeze. Excellent services throughout but ultimately let down by a dated bathroom. Good if going to Wembley,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just O.K.,"We were welcomed by friendly help desk staff. It was our first time to visit this hotel and were slightly worried about what type of room we would have (after reading the last reviews on here). Fortunately we were upgraded which helped the rating of this review. We were given an executive room which was very clean but as previously mentioned by other reviewers, the room decor was tired and needed tlc. The worse thing was the sleepless night due to persistent noise from outside i.e., sirens, motorbikes revving etc. Unfortunately we will not be returning. The rooms need soundproofing and renovation. It's a shame as it's in a good location and the tube station is across the road. ",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
3630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A good base for visiting London,"We had a very pleasant 4 nights stay at the Hilton London Metropole. We had room 1369 on the west wing. It was spacious and clean and of very good quality. All the staff we came in contact with were friendly and professional in what they do. We did not opt for the breakfast, there were many cafes in the neighbourhood. A Marks and Spencer across the road was also useful. Also within 5 mins walk, underground stations of various lines to get us to where we want to go in London. We did walk from the hotel to Marble Arch area within 20 mins to give an idea of its location. Overall, a good base for our visit to London.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Tiny, smelly room, unhelpful concierge","We were upgraded!! to a tiny smelly room - a wet fish smell in the room till we opened a window as far as it would go and let the smell out. My friend had arrived from the US and was so exhausted - or we would have asked to move! Toilet very tiny.  Service at the front desk was excellent, and so was the bar. The concierge was particularly unhelpful and would not speak to us without calling us 'dear' in a patronising manner.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
3632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,location and breakfast buffet the saving grace,"If not for the location and breakfast buffet this hotel would be significantly less than average. The decor in our floor 22 bedroom and bathroom was outdated (1980s) and smelt old. Air conditioning didn't work, windows wouldn't open. Access to wifi in our room was not inclusive in the price and not available unless we paid 15 pound per day. In this day and age that's appalling. The bar prices were astronimical - 29 pound for 2 spirit drinks. All that said the concierge and restaurant staff were very helpful.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dire - not recommended,"This is our second stay - the first was 5 years ago when the property was tired and it's even worse now.  Do Hilton know their brand is being massacred at this place?  No face cloths, fridge or moisturiser. The carpet was stained. When we hopped into bed there was blood on the sheets....when I complained they did move us (took over an hour at midnight) to a slightly more modern room. Shower head was still broken but at least they had tried to fix it with a great wad of duct tape. Really?  Unbelievably they charge £170+ per night. I'm a Hilton member - likely will trade it in for a group that provides decent accomodation",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
3634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic ,"We had a fantastic weekend stay here. Great location, close to train and tubes. Reception was helpful and we were allowed to leave our bags before check in time which was great so we didn't have to carry them around. Room was amazing, shame about the view but can't be helped. Was disappointed that restaurant on the top floor wasn't open and we weren't told as we got the lift up there but just meant we had to venture out in london. Great nights sleep  ",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful staff,"I was torn between 3 and 4 stars due to the staff, every member of the staff was polite and attentive but the hotel needed to upgrade there rooms in order for a 4 star rating. First the good, the location made it easy to get to any attraction in London and it was only a 10 minute walk from Paddington station easy access from Heathrow. Anyone we interacted with was helpful and pleasant which I find very important but the reason for the average rating was the shape of the room, the rug was badly stained and the room was in need of an overdue renovation.  All considered I would consider staying there again.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great rooms for a family but service and noise detroys the experience,"Rooms:  The family room we had was spacious and very comfortable. 2 queen size beds was fine and we where very satisfied with the quality of beds.  Cleanliness was as expected too.   But the noise from the aircon plant room was quite simply destroying my sleep and in the end I had to sleep with earplugs !!!  hardly any water pressure from in the shower, my wife and daughter whom have long hair could not wash the hair. Cmon this is a high class hotel so would expect water pressure at fifth floor   Breakfast service  Be prepared for some waiting time for breakfast if you are there eating after 8.30 in the morning. Capacity of breakfast restaurant does NOT match the hotel capacity. NOT acceptable.  Breakfast it self is nice and of the expected quality. 1 day we where deported to a…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Omg, get over yourself if you think you're a Hilton","Don't mean to sound like the whinging Aussie in London, but I am. Trip of a life time severely let down by metropole . Bathroom is tiny, shower is ridicous (when you can work out how it works), view is non existent, and ok, it's a quiet room because it's through fire doors And down stairs, with heavy luggage to get to it. Lift takes forever to arrive. Feel like I've been treated to the life of bus tour groups and almost backpackers....really £400 per night does not cut it. Be lucky to get a 2 star rating,",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Swimming Pool,"This review is just about the swimming pool, Sauna and Steam room.  Free Chlorine pool, so pleasant to swimming though a little cold and small. Staff young and polite though not given very much information,  I needed to ask each and everything.  Sauna was ok and clean, steam room the same. Toilettes small, and the same for the gym though seems to have good equipment.  Good spot for people who live in the city. Sad to say I had to travel from Wembley for a free chlorine pool when in Wembley there is Livingwell pool but with extra chlorine which doesn't allow a nice swimming at all. I may be will come back if I have some morning free, otherwise afternoon many kids around :-)",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy Hotel,We recently stayed 2 nights as a deal provided we had a 90 minute presentation on their timeshare Grand Vacations. Room high( 14 of 24) in the Tower block with great views across to Wembley. Room seemed brand new with great facilities. Not the best part of London but handy transport links. Busy at breakfast and not the best spread. Don't any London hotels employ British staff anymore ??,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst stay ever,"I rarely write reviews about hotels or complain about a bad stay. However, I cannot refrain myself this time as my stay in this hotel is being really a headache, a truly pain in the neck. The room is old and the bathroom is disgusting, but I could live with that if I had a comfortable bed to sleep after an 11 hours flight. But what I found in the room I cannot even call a bed.  A spring mattress completely deformed and very old. I preferred to use some pillows and lay them down in the ground to sleep. Unacceptable.  But my saga began just upon arrival at this hotel. As I would get in early and wanted to rest I already booked the room since the previous night. But during the check-in I was told that my reservation had been canceled and that there was no rooms available, but they…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Helt ok,"The hotel room smelled of old smoke from cigaretts. The room was really dirty. The breakfast was not worth so much money. It wasn't that good. It felt like a food hall, it was alot of people and you need to wait in line a while. The refrigerator was warm, and it didn't work. So we couldn't get any cold water. We even went down to the reception and mentioned it twice, they said they where sending someone up, but no one came... I will not come back",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Find somewhere else,"Checki in took ages & no apologies were given for the delay & was badly organised Parts of the hotel were very dated & need refurbishment Our room I the tower part smelt disgusting main of urine, when we complained at reception we were told 'That's normal with the tower' which for a hotel brand like Hilton isn't acceptable. Breakfast was like a cattle market & was very rushed. Wth the amount of choice of hotel you have in London I would stay somewhere else & definitely won't be returning Only good thing was a average skyline view",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better than expected,"We stayed for three nights with a tour group.  The location was very convenient. It is very close to the Tube (subway), and many restaurants are within walking distance. My wife wanted the pub experience, and the concierge made some very good recommendations for pubs near the hotel.  Our room was very clean,  the bed was comfortable, and the breakfast buffet was excellent.  In room wifi was free for Hilton Honors members.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The best in my opinion,"This hotel was very professional. Erden the manager was fantastic helpful and couldn't do enough for us. He is a credit to the organisation. Rooms were large with space, pool, gym close to everything. Staff were great and all very well knowledged in their field. Thank you Hilton",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Excellent, if you have work in the city.",It is one of the better hotels on edgewere road. It has excellent underground connections and all the major tourist attractions are just round the corner. Specially the shopping centers. Rooms are tidy if somewhat small. You need to book suite if you are expecting a reasonable sized room.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
3646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very busy but great staff,"I arrived around 5.30pm on Friday evening and the check in area was so busy, the staff got through the people waiting quite quickly. The person at check in was really welcoming and actually made you feel they were pleased to see you. The rooms themselves were clean great views from 10th floor. My only moan would be the air conditioning it was mostly ineffective and a little noisy when you turned up boost. Hilton hotels are normally the cheapest but there is always a consistent level across amenities and service, which was no different this time. The bar area downstairs is one of the better ones for London hotels and good for meetings during the day and a tipple at night time.  rid e",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed,"Very dissapointed with the standard of the room particularly for the price £299.00 per night, confusion over our bill for the purchase of drinks from the in room fridge, when we complained they sent someone with extra towels and had to send someone else. The television is also very confusing to operate. Noise in the corridor from other guests at 2:am",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Girls weekend ,"Stayed here for 1 night, communal areas very clean and bright however furniture looked like it needed a good clean, particularly in EDG.  A good check in and baggage holding service. We were in twin rooms on the  9th floor of the tower, although clean the room was a little tired and in need of a refurb, very small too and there was a 3rd single bed underneath one of the beds, although goodness knows where that would've fitted if needed, the bathroom was compact to say the least, serviceable but again, a little tired, the bed linen was very clean and on the plus side the breakfast was excellent with a wide choice Bd good service, in fact all the staff were very nice. I wouldn't stay again as I would prefer something more central and a bit more luxurious for my weekend treats ",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,"The hotel is in an Excellent location for site seeing, the staff were very helpful and the wheelchair accessible room was excellent and modern.  In all we had no complaints, I would happily recommend this hotel",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A tough review but... (read on),"The basic hotel is great. Foyer, reception, bar (s, food, wifi connectivity, and concierge were all very good and I found the hotel good value for money for London. Ok. Why would I give it a tough review - simply because of the room I stayed in and the gym. The words ""swinging"" and ""cat"" came to mind when I was trying to remember the room to write this review. ( I had quickly banished it from my memory). I guess in the 1970's or when the hotel was constructed small was ok, but I'm not sure how the room would have felt with a 1980's triangular cathode ray television in it (instead of a modern flat screen). That would have meant even less space. I guess this can be normal in both London and New York, where space is at a premium but I don't have to like it. The good news for the…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor example of a Hilton but still ok,"You might wait in line an hour to check in. Reception is too small for very large hotel. Business center & computers not available on weekends or extended week hours - not acceptable at all. Staff cheerful, helpful but seemed lost and waiting, not proactive. Paid for valet for luggage transfer never happened - moved it myself. Breakfast very good with slow unresponsive service. I am Gold with Hilton & will advise avoid this one.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A stay to remember,"My family stayed for 5 nights. Food was great, service fantastic . Best experience in Europe and the manager Erden was by far the best manager of all the hotels we stayed at. He made our stay a remember able one. Thank you. They also spoke English ",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great central hotell in London,"This is a great hotel close to Paddington station in London. A bit expencive, but if you are a family of 4 you can take The big rooms and then The prices is more acceptable. Breakfast is good, but seldom included. Swimmingpool is available. ",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
3654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge but friendly hotel in useful location at a good price,"As is mentioned in many reviews, this place is huge consisting of multiple wings which would be the size of regular hotels themselves. In spite of this, we found check-in/out extremely friendly and the location itself very convenient (5/10 minute walk to paddington, with edgeware road tube stations right next door). A cleaner knocked on our door to come in at 8am which was kind of annoying since I didn't get back to sleep after that (do they not check who is checking out that day anyway - we were). For great views, go up the tower to the 23rd floor - there Is a closed bar but you can still walk in to see the views of london (particularly good at night). Overall, a decent stay.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large hotel close to many amenities & attractions,I stayed in business and found the hotel to be a large metropolis of a hotel. I felt it was more suited to tourists and there were many tours at the hotel. The staff at reception and at the restaurant were friendly and accommodating. Food was very good and the accomodation comfortable. A lovely hotel and very near to edge ware road tube etc.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Unpleasant odour of fish!!,"My wife and I stayed at this hotel for a mixture of business and pleasure.   On arrival we found the lobby and reception area very nice, clean, modern and plenty of amenities. The staff were welcoming and helpful.   Upon checking in we were upgraded without request, which was a pleasant start to the trip. When we got to our room on the 20th floor of the tower the view of the city was great, the smell of the room was not!! It can only be described as rotten fish!!! The size for the cost was poor and dated needing updating. As we had planned to go out for the day, we opened the window thinking that the room simply needed airing! On our return the odour was still present. The use of an expensive perfume failed to mask the smell. A complaint at reception was well received and a new…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Brilliant location, excellent breakfast and room service","We loved the Hilton metropole hotel. Staff were friendly and very helpful. The rooms were clean and the breakfast was brilliant. We had a variety of salads, fruits, yoghurt and drinks to choose from. We had to get to breakfast early to get a place as it gets very busy During the early hours of the morning right through to lunch. Overall beautiful hotel, helpful staff and delicious breakfast. ",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I booked a King room and was given a queen room, which was showing on the system as a King. Changed room to a King in the Tower. Everything had been refurbished. Looked and smelt very new. Room was small, fitted with budget-style space-saving furniture. Bathroom was smallest I have seen. Nice fittings but so small it had a sliding door as normal door could not have opened. Room and bathroom were only a little better than a budget hotel. Ground floor facilities are excellent. Large bar and coffe shop areas. Unfortunately we chose to eat in the Sports Bar. We ordered our meal but were still waiting after 2 reminders. We walked out when the table of 8 that ordered 20 minutes after us was served with their food. As a Diamond member I had use of the Executive Lounge which was very…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel with good location ,but quite busy and noisy","We spent 5 nights in this hotel in the 3rd week of August ,The hotel lobby has been always busy and packed with people but luckily we checked in smoothly as one of us is a Hilton Honors member , Accordingly we have been given a room in the west tower(looks like it has been newly refurbished) and a complimentary wifi ,The room was clean and spacious by London standards, The only disadvantage I found throughout my stay was the noisy corridors as you can easily hear people screaming or talking loudly at any time of the day.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Breakfast ,"The stay at the hotel was good. However, the complimentary breakfast was not that great with very limited food options, especially for vegetarians. The menu was repetitive daily and did not bring any surprises to the taste buds. I gave a suggestion to introduce some more options and rework their menu. Let's see if they did that in the next trip 😁",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Third Visit,Third time I have stayed in this hotel and its fine by me. Think big and impersonal but seems to run like a well oiled machine. The staff look over worked but are always helpful and smiling especially in the dining room. I always book a double/double room which has two huge beds and is very spacious with loads of storage space. Ok may be a little tired in decor but clean enough and everything always worked ok. Thinks its a bit of get what you pay for room wise. Even though hotel was bursting at the seams never had a problem getting lifts in the west wing and queue at breakfast moves very quick. Super breakfast if a little chaotic all adds to the fun of people watching which you can do all day long in the chilled out seating area between the bars. We ate in the restaurant before…,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Busy hotel, great size room, nice breakfast","Stayed on a Friday. Large busy hotel, stayed in a King room in the West wing. Room large, clean with two king beds. Only downside was no free wifi in room - almost a given nowadays and at £12.99 for 24 hours pretty expemsive. great location with tube station across the road and parking on site if you need ot.",None,4.0
3663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Smelly,"Arrived in our room to the musty aroma of mould and damp. Fridge not working. Contacted reception to get fridge fixed. Was told that someone would come to fix it. At this stage 5 hours have elapsed & no-one has turned up in response.   Had meal in ground floor restaurant. DO NOT HAVE THE CHICKEN SCHNITZEL. It is as thick as a piece of cardboard & about the same consistency. Takes forever to be delivered. Not worth the wait.   This hotel looks great but in our opinion it is only a facade. It may be supposed to be a luxury hotel, but all of the many little faults let it down badly.   Free WI-FI FOR 1 hour. Views vary depending on which side of hotel your room is on.   We were not impressed with the neighbourhood. Lots of middle-eastern population.                  Did not feel…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice lobby, attentive staff, rooms need a face lift.","This hotel appears to be under going a much needed renovation.  The lobby area is bright, modern and accommodating but the rooms have not yet made the cut.  My room was old, worn and unclean.   Our sheets were dirty and I had to ask for them to be changed.  It also was not close to central London and inconvenient for what we wanted to see during our stay.  On the plus side, the staff was very accommodating to our questions and needs.  Quite well trained and always friendly.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Biggest hotel I've ever stayed in....,"....one of the smallest rooms I've ever stayed in.  Apparently I was upgraded but I don't know what from!  Clean room but not a lot of space, noisy as I was next to service lifts and the air con couldn't be turned off and continually blew air into the room (I could change the temperature so I wasn't hot or cold).  The restaurant food wasn't too bad with the pizza being really nice.  They served Old Speckled Hen too cold but there were a couple of pubs near by which sold better beer.  Breakfast was really busy but with plenty of staff you soon get seated and served coffee at your table. The staff are very polite and helpful. I was there on business and not paying myself but I wouldn't stay there with my family.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice stay - you know what you get,"I have mixed feelings: Good location, near a tube station, 10 minutes walk from Oxford street but - Mayfair is much much better.  Huge hotel, nice breakfast, etc. But nothing special or romantic.  Hotel is clean. Rooms on the 5th floor east wing are nice but a bite outdated. Great big and comfortable bed.   Good choice if you go to London for business and not for a romantic trip.  You know what you get. We got an excellent price - and if you get around 180-200£ for a room - take it.  Otherwise pay (much) more and go to the Brown in Mayfair ir some other fancy place. ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,"Hilton London Metropole is centrally located. It has at least two tube stations within ten minutes walk from the hotel. There are several shops, chemists and eateries within easy reach. The famous Oxford street where you will find a lot of top and middle range shops is within 10 minutes walk.  The hotel has impressive menu.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Standard hotel, good location.","This Hilton hotel has a good location in the heart of London, but otherwise little to distinguish it from similar hotels. Checking in took a while as the queues were long. The room itself had a comfortable bed and nice bathroom, with tea and coffee making facilities. There were no fancy toiletries other than soap, shampoo and conditioner (e.g. no shower cap or moisturiser). The decor and feel of the room felt a bit dated with the color scheme. The lack of helpful power sockets also indicated that the room had been designed in a past era. WiFi is only available for free to Hilton Honours members, though I was able to access it using BT Openzone.  I had a room on the 19th floor of the tower. The view was not very exciting but it was quiet, except when other guests would walk past…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dan the Man !!,"Visited during the weekend with Kids. Normally I don't really write about staff but young Chap, I believe he is the bar manager dan was brilliant. When we arrived, it was really bad weather in London and my wife got cold and sick.  dan approached us when we were seating, and he noticed and was kind enough to prepare by himself a complimentary drink Hot Teddy(he called it). and made sure my family having a good time. Apart of that, Rooms are good, if you visiting central London, this is most convenient hotel. I had an amazing experience overall.. can't wait to return...",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A rough start but overall good service ,"When we first arrived at the hotel, we were given a room which had a broken fridge, a broken TV and a shower which the handles fell out of the wall at the first use. As expected we were furious and we stormed downstairs to complain, they apologised and gave us a new room with complimentary wifi ( which is a large bonus because wifi is usually £15 a day). The hotel's buffet breakfast had an excellent selection but if you didn't want to wait you mug come early. It is in a relatively good location, a 5 minute walk from Hyde park, and approximately 2 minute walk from the tube which was really convenient. ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business Stay,"Although a nice hotel with professional staff, I felt that the room we were given did not live up to the £250 a night price tag.  The executive lounge was satisfactory but still did not make it worth the price.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Recommended,"Checked in on Monday night for a 1 night stay in order to attend a training course nearby.  I'd never stayed here before.  As a Diamond Hilton Honors card holder I was given an Executive Room on the second floor with Executive Lounge access, close to the pool and Gym. The pool in particular looked very nice although I didn't use it. The room was spacious and had new furniture. I had a separate bath and shower cubicle and the room was nicely finished.  The Exec Lounge was crowded when I arrived, to the degree that I had to stand and drink a small beer due to the lack of a free seat. The snacks on offer looked appetising and there was a decent selection of beers, wines and spirits. I took breakfast there the following morning which was continental with a good selection of cold…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Could be better...,"We stayed in the tower and the room was nice.  However, when going up to the room it was clear only one or two (out of four) elevators were working.  The next morning it was taking people 35-45 minutes to get down to the lobby as each of the elevators were full to capacity since only ONE was working.  We ended up having to take the stairs down and received absolutely no help from the hotel or housekeeping staff. (ended up going through the Kitchen!!!)  I have contacted the Hilton and the hotel and have yet to hear back.  Very uncharacteristic of their organization.  Hope the elevators are finally fixed and no one else has this experience from the Hotel or Hilton.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,very good,"This is the 3rd time we came to this hotel. The hotel located 1 min from Edgware road  station and 10 min walking from Hyde park.  Nice atmosphere, and very good service.  It has two restaurants one of them is an Asian food - good one. I highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,4 nights at the Hilton London Metropole,"We just spent 4 nights in this hotel and had a great experience.  I should preface this by stating I'm a Hilton Diamond member, and that offers some benefits such as free access to the executive lounge, free Internet and other amenities.     I think the first surprise we had was the size of this property.  Think Las Vegas size hotel - it has 1,000 rooms in several different buildings all connected through a very large lobby.  When we first arrived it looked daunting- but once we were there it became very familiar and easy to navigate.  We had a large room, with 2 queen beds.  Just as big or bigger than many Hiltons in the United States.  The bathroom was large and modern, lots of space in the room, large TV (the channel selections could have been better) but as an international…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"This hotel was friendly.  It was clean, bright and very comfortable.  Right next door to Edgware Rd tube it was also most convenient.  Staff were most helpful and my room very spacious. Despite being right next to a very busy road the room was silent!",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good business hotel,"The Metropole is large hotel in the centre of London, in a good area of the city but not a prestigious address.  The hotel is being renovated piece by piece and the new facilities are good as you would expect. The older parts are tired and need to be upgraded.  The facilities, restaurants, service etc are very much Hilton standard.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfectly located for a weekend in London,"Because we had quite a diverse range of activities arranged for the weekend we needed something close to tube stations and this one fitted the bill perfectly! The only criticism I can think of was that the rooms (well ours anyway) were very small, albeit well equipped. We didn't eat there so can't comment on the food.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Hotel,"The Hotel is very clean, tidy and friendly. The location is perfect. I love the varieties of their breakfast.  thhekwujahhdhkluithe then thus thycbn ksjeu theyen but if u ythe moij dgtey the run but shhshhh not yuios nhdy nghyu mnjd the",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Edem (front desk assistant) alone is worth the stay.,"Elegant rooms, centrally located, and amazing service at the front desk from Edem. He made our visit and experience wonderful. There are two separate spas as well along with several bars with pleasant atmosphere. Once again, if you happen to find yourself at this hotel, Edem is your man. Cheers!",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Jessy Lebanon,"We are a family of 5. We stayed for 8 nights. Good location, very close to tube station. Spacious and confortable family room. The breakfast was very good. But slow water flow in the shower that should be fixed.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Still looking for a high point ...,"We were booked into this hotel by our tour company, we requested a change of room after checking in from a room with a Queen size bed to a room with twin beds.. Our View changed from the London Eye to the Marlebone overpass and a rooftop.. The floor space is taken up with our suitcases, you have to open the bathroom door to dry yourself as its so small, the shower head leaks, the air conditioning system came out of the Ark and the WiFi is only available in the Foyer and they want 15 Pound per night for Internet in the room.   We have just stayed in several hotels around the country and this one is the worst.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Horror !!! ,"The rooms are stinky and dull. Not enough light, the bath towels and napkins have a peculiar smell, they are not washed properly. Toiletries are a NONO, the staff at the check-in counters are not willing to help for anything, and the given reason WE ARE BUSY !!!!! The lifts don't work most of the time and even if they do, one lift is functional which means that you will take anywhere between 40-45 mins before the lift comes to your floor. We had to use service lifts, go up and down the stairs to get to the lobby. Not this Hilton guys !!! Many other choices near Edgware Road. ",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Surprising considering reviews,"Arrived about 4pm on a Saturday afternoon. There was only a short queue for check in but the check in process seemed long in my opinion. This wasn't helped by the fact the internet provider we had booked with, had not informed the hotel so not the hotels fault at all. The receptionist sorted it out though and I mentioned seeing on Trip Advisor smoking rooms but sadly one wasn't available though I am happy to smoke outside. We were informed our room was in the recently refurbished part of the tower wing and directions were given. The room, yes the colours may be neutral...creams and browns but it can be a risk for hotels to go for bolder colours as they are not to everyone's tastes. Anyway, I'm not Lawrence what's his name so what do I know hehehe. The room, was spotless and very…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Noise on the roof,"Overall a disappointing experience. The hotel is being remodeled,but not our room on the 17th floor. Heard what sounded like a single beep of a car horn all night seven to twenty two seconds apart. Hard to sleep.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Still #1,"A great hotel, stayed here numerous times and never let's me down. Been totally revamped and ticks every single box. Great atmosphere, attentive staff-nothing's ever a problem. Without a doubt my favourite hotel in London. Well situated, handy for wherever you need to be. ",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Horrors !! ,"If you're travelling to London ; this is one hotel to avoid ... this is one property can completely ruin your London experience.  First of all , I was given a room meant for someone with special needs .. when I went back to request for a change I was told the hotel was full and they had no more place !! They however agreed to change it the next day .. the next morning at around 11:30 am  I went to enquire as to what the status of my room change request (sic) was and I was informed that it would take some more time and if I wanted to step out anywhere I should leave my bags packed and that they would move my bags !  I came back to the hotel at 8:00 pm , got a new room after waiting at the counter for a few minutes and was told my bags had already been shifted ... came up to find…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overpriced group tours hotel,"I haven't been to London for a few years and had forgotten about the high costs for everything including hotels.  Stayed at this hotel as it was the venue for an event I was taking part in.  Clearly, it caters to many groups so feels a bit like a factory.  I didn't expect much from the room and I wasn't disappointed. It was a typical small room with 80's brownish decor.  But the first thing that hit me was an overwhelmingly bad smell.  Smelled like there was something dead in the venting.  I arrived jet lagged and was grateful to be given a room in the late morning so I didn't complain.  I realize that it was up to me to make an issue of it with the front desk but I just couldn't put the energy into it.  Each time I tried to call the ""magic"" button, it rang and rang with no…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful..outdated.,"Requested a room with a view got put in (pic 1) great! Shower also has a shower curtain? What 4* hotel uses shower curtains these days? No shower caps or vanity packs, shampoo or bodywash in the bathroom asked reception, who stated ""we only provide these when requested?! wallpaper is coming off, building looks like a relic from the 70s. Restaurant offering stunning views on the top floor closed for refurbishment..never told! Only one lift was working on the first day of arrival. Beware when eating in the hotel you're charged VAT. Avoid this hotel at all costs. Awful.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton... Not up to its name,"My current stay with my son is enjoyable however hotel rooms are making that pleasure go away as rooms are truly small . Location is very good , breakfast is very good . I tied the steak for lunch absolutely love it , I recommend you to go for it , and remember ask for NEW refurbished room. ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This hotel's policy does not include care for the guest at all.,Within my last two stays here I have experienced large number of problems which surprised me. From first entry to the hotel through the departure I did not feel I am at the hotel at all. It was like an airport where everyone does their own agenda unrelated to each other.  Most disappointed was the Magic service - which supposed to be the service bottom with nobody to answer. Two days in a row I was not able to get any answer through to ask my laundry bad to be collected. I start to call since early morning every 10-15 minutes waiting 20-30 buzzes and repeated this task 2 hours and then I gave up.  One day I had to work most of the day in the room and by 5pm decided to ask housekeeping staff to service my room. I called the Magic service until 6:45pm repeatedly - no answer.…,Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Typical Hilton !,"The location of the hotel is pretty good you are no more than 10-15 mins tube ride to the centre of London. The hotel itself is huge with a big open plan interior. Leisure facilities are available including a pool .The room are nice , beds are huge but the bathrooms are quite small and in our room could do with a sprucing up. Don't expect a view in certain room as we were looking onto the concrete wall of the adjoining building. Overall nice hotel !",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really not as bad as it's made out to be,"I stayed here for one night with my mum whilst in London to see a show on an all expenses paid trip as a gift from my mums place of work.  My expectations were pretty low based on the reviews on here so I wasn't expecting the fantastic standards experienced previously at the local West End Doubletree Hilton.  We pulled up in a cab, a doorman opened our doors and saw us to reception, check in was swift and very polite and the service we received from the staff in the coffee bar was second to none. A good start to our experience but now for the room, a twin requested to be quiet at night. First thing I noticed in entering was two dirty sticky ring marks on the windowsill which I swiftly cleaned with antibacterial gel and tissues but honestly everything else was ok. The room was…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and of a very good standard,Very handy for the Edgware Road tube.  Good standard of accommodation and service.  If you can get a breakfast rate it is well worth it and sets you up for the day with high quality excellent food.  If you do not have breakfast included try Patisserie Valerie across the road which is also very good.  The room was spacious and well equipped but unfortunately the bed creaked dreadfully.  Also the kettle didn't work but it was not worth traipsing down to Reception as we were there only one night.  This was just unlucky as we have stayed many times without any issue.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average at best...,"So I'll start with a caveat - I find London hotels generally poor value and I travel to Tokyo regularly.   My stay started badly when I went to my room and it was just awful. Shabby, facing a busy street and near the elevators (incidentally, which didn't work properly). I went back to reception and asked them to change my room as I did not require three single beds either and for the other reasons outlined above. The receptionist was very helpful and did so immediately. The second room was a lot better.   Breakfast - queued for 10 minutes to get a table. Food was pretty average. A bit frustrating if you have a busy day ahead and watching the clock.   Positives: wifi is good, staff are nice, location is great.   Negatives: be mindful of what room you're given. Judging by my first…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dire!,"Just returned from very large conference at this Hotel.  POSITIVES: food was good, most of staff were smart and attentive, considering the size of conference they did well.  NEGATIVES: My room was terrible. Could hardly move due to oversized, empty and obsolete fridge being used as TV stand. This room was 20 years old and looked it. The hotel TV system is also prehistoric and desperate for an upgrade. Windows bolted shut with rust / grease around edges. Depressing! I'm just glad I was too tired to care at the time.  I can see the reply now.. we are undergoing an upgrade programme etc etc... fine, but you shouldn't be renting out these rooms under the Hilton brand until they are actually refurbished.  Newly refurbished coffee area? Why are the central marble pillars only covered…",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Average hotel, good location",Room was very small and not very nice.  Location near Paddington station is nice if you are using the Heathrow Express to access the airport.  Location was also very near a Tube stop so access to the rest of London was easy.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Small improvements,This place has improved a little since last year with the foyer bar having a facelift as well as reception area. The bedrooms let the place down.  West wing refurbished rooms are okay but small. East are poor and need urgent refurbishment.   Sports bar is okay and showed the football with a good atmosphere.  ,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"if you like substandard rooms, this is for you","the hotel is dated, poorly maintained, and has poorly outfitted rooms. The lobby/lounge is a mecca for kids and teens to ""hang out"" without purchasing anything, since they don't purchase adult beverages. Loud rooms, poor ventilation, worn, with a staff that is less than helpful.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth it!,"I stayed here for 19 nights on a business trip. This is one of the Europe's largest property. However with such scale they have their own issues. Service quality remains the biggest challenge here.   I was initially put in the east wing which is the old one. I didn't like the room. After multiple requests, my room was changed to west wing, newer than east wing. Thanks to the Hotel GM and his assistant. The new room was good and view was decent as well.  The west wing has executive lounge. This is small considering the size of the hotel. You need to be early there, to find a place. The menu for Breakfast and evening snacks could have been better. Inspiration can come from other Hiltons.  One bad part was that I called ""magic"" service several time and ended up in getting no…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tiny Rooms,"Two of us stayed in a twin room early September 2015. The bedroom was very claustrophobic. It wasn't the cleanest either, especially the windows. At the price they charged it certainly wasn't value for money.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
3702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Good Hotel at good location,"Very good hotel, pleasant staff, good big rooms. Lobby is renovated and have come with new look. Breakfast at restaurant is great. Marks & Spencer is opposite to Hotel. There are two train stations adjacent to hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just don't do it,"It's a large hotel that appears to be centric on the business/convention customers. There is nothing personalized or focused upon the customer in my opinion. The area was ok, with easy access to Paddington or Edgeware Road stations. The bus stops are a couple blocks away. If you're driving, the hotel it's right at the edge of the ""Congestion Zone"" so be prepared to pay that fee if you go in towards the city off Edgeware Rd. I don't think my wife felt comfortable walking down Edgeware towards Hyde Park due to the Lebanese/Middle Eastern neighborhood. Many restaurants along the walk with too many people smoking from hookahs. It can get choking at times when you're not accustomed to being around that smoke.  The room was average for the price paid, nothing spectacular. We were on…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,comfortable stay,"Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights while attending a charity ball in same hotel in  September 2015. The staff at check in were very quick and officiant.   Our room was large and very clean, I think that the room could benefit from a lick of paint but I understand that there was a upgrade project on that section so I guess it will be done in due course. the fridge that was on the room was not working but as we were there for only 2 nights it did not matter if I was staying longer it might have been a problem, it was still very clean the bed was large and comfortable. we had new towels every day, only being there for 2 nights we could have got away with them not being changed but it was nice to have them anyway.  the hotel is very close to the Edgeware Road Tube station which was…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overrated and disjointed,stayed at the Hilton Metropole recently- end of Aug early Sept- check in was average with little information forthcoming re a first timer visiting the property- gym was not open at the advertised time of 6 twice in  four days- the front desk was quite disjointed along with rest of the hotel- cold staff everywhere except makeshift breakfast area- no one acknowledges you whilst in corridor or public areas- staff turn away instead of acknowledging- room was clean with a bit of rust on toilet seat from yonks- question the value for money and will look elsewhere next time,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,All returnees pleased with the new lobby,"But it does not outweigh the impression of wear in the room and corridor.The contrast becomes even more evident that Metropole needs a renovation plan.The staff struggling in a hotel that seems to have more guests than it is scheduled for.Perhaps not located on London's most inspiring neighborhoods, however, it is convenient for public transport.Bring earplugs if you do not want to hear the sirens from the street almost through the night",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,DO NOT USE GREEN MOTION CAR HIRE,"A warning to anyone intending to use green motion car hire.  This company knew by email correspondence that we were in possession of Kenyan driving licenses and yet did not reply to my email and inform us that they do not accept kenyan driving licenses.  So, after an hour's bus ride stopping every five minutes to get there from the airport, exhausted after a long flight only to be told that they can't accept our driving licenses!!!!!  We then received a parking fine which was sent to their offices.  Instead of emailing me with details of this parking ticket so that I could pay it within fourteen days at the reasonable price of £25, they just kept debiting our credit card by £30 every time the parking ticket was represented.  They are nothing but a bunch of thieves and their name…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A great recovery,"This is the second visit this year to the Hilton London Metropole, I travel with my wife and 2 teenage sons. We booked a Superior Family Room for our mid week over night stay from Weds 2nd to Thurs 3rd Sept, this was really a chance to spend some quality family time before school starts again We arrived and checked in as planned before 11:00am, our room wasn't ready which we expected so placed our luggage in the hold and set off on our London adventure  We returned to the hotel later in the evening approximately 9:00pm to collect the room keys and have a well earned relax only to be told there was a maintenance problem in the room with the sofa, it could be removed if we wanted the room but I explained we booked the room with a lounge area so the 4 of us could relax and watch…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
3709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, friendly staff, main tower looks and feels ""tired""","My wife and I stayed 5 nights, part of a tour group. Our room was rather small but adequate. The free wifi (for HHonors members) was slow and cut out frequently, but was adequate for  our leisure purpose, for business needs, one should purchase high speed wifi.   There was no electrical receptacle at the bedside to plug in a CPAP machine, but on subsequent days spent elsewhere at other UK hotels, this turns out to be a common issue. Since there was an accessible receptacle but with a clock radio plugged into it, I requested an extension cord so both clock and my CPAP can be plugged in - for this, a £35 deposit was was added to my account - but deducted after I retuned the cord. I thought that this was a pretty heavy-handed way to address a small problem (I refer to people…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
3710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not bad,"Decidedly average hotel, room was clean, but did smell a bit funny.  WiFi very expensive - it should be free these days, £12.99 for 24 hours is extortionate. Good location for Paddington station, right across from Edgware Road tube and about 15 mins walk from Hyde park.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
3711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Really Large Busy Hotel,"We were surprised at how large this hotel is, and the refurbished rooms were big and nice, the bathroom however must have been neglected during the renovation, as it shows its age.  The breakfast is same fare everyday, and it's not very good and selection is few.  The hotel is set in an area mostly inhabited by Middle eastern people, and the hotel guests are mostly Arabs from the middle east.  The nearest Tube station is just across the street about 200 meters away.  There are several arab restaurants in the vicinity which aren't any good, and operated by immigrant owners forced to a business not of their expertise. And so the McDonald's around 500 meters away, is swarmed by local Arabs, at least it's quality fare.   Would I recommend this hotel, no.  The area is not good.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,wrong reservation,We reserved two twin-rooms before two months arribal.But the hotel prepared only one room(double bed).The responce was very slowly. The room was very small and amenity goods were also very poor.The hot water in the shower room flow out the room. The responce of the staffs in the front desk was very slow and irrespnsible.,Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
3713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing stay,"It pains me to have to give such a poor review on a hotel that I have stayed at often in the past. In fact, I gave it a glowing review the last time. I have always loved the executive lounge and its staff the best here out of all the Hilton properties I stay at in London and I think that was the sole reason I kept booking this hotel.   I always stay in an executive room and always in the East tower it seems. The hallways  on our last stay were dirty. The hallways smelled of smoke and were stifling hot. I noticed a window was open to provide ventilation. The carpets in the hallway and in our room were dirty. Toiletries in the bathroom were not replenished enough and the fan in the bathroom (see photo) had a build up of lint and dust as if it were never cleaned. Absolutely…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
3714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice clean hotel ,This hotel is central to London.  We only stayed one night and found the room extremely clean and the staff very helpful.  Only fault was a charge for the wifi.  We didn't use it due to high charge.  Also the deposit is charged straight away on the card then refunded afterwards.  We've never known this before and don't think this is right as stayed at Hilton and Marriott before and never been charged then refunded. Would think twice about staying in the future because of this. ,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good option,"The hotel in in great shape and we very much enjoyed our stay.  Check-in was a 2 hour nightmare due to capacity, but beyond that the staff was quite pleasant and the hotel is in great shape.  We recommend this hotel as a good option while in London.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel,"The Hilton Metropole was ok. We had some electrical issues in our room which were never resolved because the closet door was broken.  And our kettle was also broken and it took them 2 days to replace it.  We also had issues with the toilet.  And although they attempted to fix it twice, they were not successful.    Given this hotel is a conference center, I think it's geared more toward business travelers and groups vs. individuals.  The staff at the coffee bar was very nice and helpful and made a killer latte.  But in general most of the other staff did not seem too enthusiastic to help us when we had questions.   In fact, it was another guest who ultimately answered one of our questions.   Overall, not a bad place, but I would not return.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Fine, but...","I travel alot, both business and with my family. This hotel is really good and convenient if you are on the business trip, but lousy for family vacation. It's just huge!! Everything else is fine, if you like Hilton standards... I alwasy enjoy Hilton breakfastas! :)",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,New Years in London.,We had a great time at this hotel. We found it to be very comfortable and very modern. To be honest it felt like any other Hilton in the U.S.  The staff was helpful. Nice places to hang out for drinks or food on the premises.  It is located close to 2 different Tube stations which makes transportation a piece of cake. Great shopping within about a mile walk with plenty of high end stores.  There is a small area nearby that feels a little sketchy at night but overall safe. I would recommend this hotel for comfort and friendly staff.,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
3719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A bit run down but getting a face lift,Our room was clean and did the job of giving us a place to stay. The hotel is conveniently located and close to Paddington and King's Cross. We were on the 8th floor and did not have a great view but read reviews that the higher floors had great views. We wanted a king bed room but none were available at the time we checked in so we took the first available which was two twins. Our floor was run down but it looks like the hotel is going through a renovation of the lobby and lounge area. The lounge area had great service and they were in the process of opening a Starbucks in the lobby.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient but disappointed,"Despite being a Hilton, I was disappointed, and regret staying at this large hotel for 4 nights.  We think it is due to the large size and short staffing. We felt there were just too many issues and simply accepted for what it was despite the relatively high cost.  We checked in close to midnight and despite reservation showing a family of four (2 pre-teens), we didn't have enough towels.  Called numerous times to ""Magic"" and Receptionist and couldn't get an answer so I went downstairs to the reception, waited in line for few minutes and asked for towels.  Receptionist advised there was nothing wrong with our phone line and that he called up to housekeeping for additional sets of towels.   Well, we waited for the additional towels for 25 minutes back at the room.  Few of the…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Trip to London,"We had stayed at the Hilton chain of hotels before and booked and had confirmation of interconnecting rooms. On check in this was confirmed twice to us and we headed to the Tower rooms only to find they were not interconnecting. The tower rooms are not Hilton standard by any means. We complained that we hadn't received the rooms we requested and after several conversation and prerssing the general manager advised that we could move to a superior room with 2 queen size beds in due to the kids for one night and then he would move us to interconnecting rooms. This was done the following day, a pity really as that was my wifes birthday!. Anyhow from the second day onwards we found evrythign to our satisfactory and the manager did not charge us for the room the first night and gave…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,large ageing hotel in the centre of london,"The hotel has a great location, opposite edgeware road metro station, just walking distance from Marble arch and oxford street, 10 minutes away from Madame Tussauds and Baker street. Overall the area was overcrowded with tourists and there are a huge row of Lebanese and other Arab restaurants. Rooms are very small and poky, and in urgent need of refurbishment. Breakfast spread was good and service inside was also good, especially considering that it is a very busy place.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,2 Star Run Down Hotel,"Booked this hotel for my family and my parents as part of a European vacation believing it to be a 4 star Holton hotel. However the only think 4 star about this hotel is the lobby and their pricing. Room 1: in West wing... no0t clean, shabby with torn off stickers on the fridge. Room 2: Tower ... family room: dirty shoddy.  Had to clean bath of hairs and soap on shower head, Only 1 bath towel for 4 people, also shower head bracket was broken. no iron, AC did not work properly.  Complained to Guilia Guest Relations Manger... she changed the room (my parents in the West Wing room did not want the hassle of moving) to another floor.... this room was a little better, fairly clean at least... but the safe did not work properly, no hair drier, faucet sprayed water sideways, noisy…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,"great location, two tube stations to get you anywhere you want to go.  lovely hotel large rooms, hairdryer provided as well as tea and coffee facilities. would stay there again. ate in the bar on our first night food lovely",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient place and nice stay,This place was busy this summer. Still we managed to have a quiet stay and have enjoyed their reasonable breakfast. I noticed that the staff were professional even when a customer really overdid her criticism and she was consolable about staff finding her two adjacent rooms. Frankly I thought the customer was a spoiled brat but they managed to find a solution for her. On the breakfast I want to highly commend a very smiley lady who made everyone feel welcome and get them things they needed. Juliet Hammon is a person who deserved my gratitude so thanks for being kind even though the busy breakfast was hectic!,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not quite what I expected,"We recently booked a weekend at the Hilton Metropole in London to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  We were told that the hotel had been recently re-furbished and that we had been upgraded to a deluxe room.  If that's true, I'd hate to be in a standard room.  It was TINY.  There was space for a queen sized bed, a fixed table with one chair and a small sofa tucked into the corner, which didn't allow a good view of the recessed TV.  There was a tiny closet which didn't really have space for our weekend's worth of clothes and the bathroom had a sliding door because a normal hinged door would not have had space to open.  In fairness, the room was clean and nicely decorated and the bathroom was nice but I was really disappointed by the lack of space.  The hotel itself is massive,…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Over Rated,"I recently took part in some Globus tours of the Uk & Europe which both began and ended at this hotel. It looks very swish, has a guy in a morning suit and top hat at each main entrance so it looks the part, but when it comes to the nitty gritty, it lacks. Our first stay was in room 1421, the beds were two singles despite my wife and I being married couples - maybe travellers need to get their travel agents to specify ""double""rather than twin/share when they book? The beds were just slats on a frame that is bolted to the wall via built in head boards, they were only just singles, being narrow and short. The mattresses were as hard as wood and the pillows as soft as putty  so sleep was almost impossible.. Toilet paper is also a problem, it is what used to be in public loos, cheep…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice rooms, massive hotel, lots of queues!","The rooms are nice, the hotel is very big and has a lot of facilities.   We stayed for one night for work in an Executive Room.  The rooms have everything you could need, although the TV service needs improving.  It is great for all the overseas visitors, but only has the standard UK Channels 1-5 which is pretty poor.  Due to the size of the hotel there was a massive queue for breakfast.  I've never seen such a huge breakfast room.  The leisure facilities are average, bit small for the size of the hotel and also the pool was full of kids so no good for actually swimming.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,problems with bathrooms and reception,the facilities of bathrooms are very old so the hotel need to renew the bathrooms since 3 years ago same design when i stay in others 3 stars hotels i feel more comfortable than hotel in the bathrooms ways  the hotel need to increase the number of reception because the receptions all time crowded and they have a big queue so you need to stay in queue half hour to check in - check out,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Typical major London Hotel,"Firstly all London hotels are expensive , we paid £1113.54 for two queen rooms for 3 nights for 6 of us. That didn't include breakfast!!! Which is a pain in the morning when you have kids. A breakfast was available at £12.99 per person.....no thanks. MacDonalds, Sainsburys , Pret a manger, M&E etc are 5 min walk from hotel. The rooms are fine, air con doesn't work and shower rail looks faulty. But as I'm still here I will address these directly with hotel. There are no opening windows BTW. The Merropole is a big hotel and the reception area is very modern and new. Parking - at weekend there is a weekend rate, it's cheaper and better to park here right under the hotel.  We bought travel rail cards instead of oyster as it was cheaper to buy the 7day card for each family member and…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Loved it!!,"Came here at christmas for two nights, it was a very luxurious stay! Came to do christmas shopping! The room we stayed in was very spacious with two tvs, sofa, two double beds, wardrobe and big bathroom! beds were extremely comfortable! Big windows overlooking a lovely view of london.  Breakfast was very nice and good to wake up too. Room service was also very good and the room was cleaned till it look good as new!  Highly recommend!",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton in London,"I am a loyal Hilton user (I've been a Diamond member for years) and this is the Hilton I stay in when I can't find any other one in London.  The rooms are ok, though the air con is decidedly variable.    The single worst thing about this hotel is the executive lounge - it is absolutely tiny, especially for what must be the biggest hotel in London.  Drink service stops at eight (it's ten in the Canary Wharf Hilton) and you are doing well if you can find a seat.  Staff turnover must be high as I seldom see the same person twice so it does feel a bit impersonal.  It's in a fairly distant location from the city centre, though to be fair it is right next to two tube stations so that isn't too much of a problem.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very bad service, response time is the worst.","Very bad service, the response time is the worst. They accommodate us in a room where the lows temperature was 23.5c, and ask for a change, 4 days later no response. The service in general takes at least 1.5 hours to respond to anything (room service, ice, shaving cream, hair dryer, even DC converters). The room service was wrong, all 5 times we ask for it. I really like this hotel, thats why I come back, but this time had one of the worst experiences. Although the concierge desk is great! The restaurant was not working, they make us eat breakfast in a ball, were everything was cold, or was dirty.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,tired and grubby,"First impressions are good. the reception and ground floor are impressive, but sadly, that is where it ends. The room was simply tired and  grubby,  particularly the bathroom, but also the carpet and furniture. There was also a perpetual construction   noise in the background. We waited 15 minutes at the concierge desk whilst the attendant berated someone on and about the phone, without even acknowledging our presence. We left in disgust.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Could have been better,"We arrived at 7:00 PM and our room was not ready. They did graciously allow us to eat at the hotel restaurant with a voucher while they made up our room.  It was a wonderful dinner, but when we got in our room, the sheets did not appear to have been changed. There was a stain and a dirty spot on the sheets. It was late, we were tired, and I just lay out towels on the sheets.  I asked the concierge the next morning to please make sure they were changed, but when we arrived back that evening.... They had not been changed, just made up again.  We went to dinner and waited for them to make up the room- again!  This time the sheets were changed, but then AC quit working!! It was a warm night.  I told the front desk all this when we checked out the next morning and they credited our…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Soul destroying, stress inducing, dump of a hotel.","We spent nearly an hour at the check-in desk arguing with three different people over a disagreement with our booking and were effectively accused of lying by the abrupt check-in manager, who eventually walked off to leave someone else to resolve (I shall be submitting a full complaint to Hilton directly about this disgraceful experience).  Finally, we checked in to be told we were being 'upgraded' to a Deluxe room.  Just to establish, Deluxe is a word with no legal basis.  And the Hilton Metropole makes maximum use of the meaninglessness of the word ‘Deluxe’.  Our shabby, cramped, dated, depressing room with old towels, cheap loo roll and a tiny shower gel was the polar opposite of ‘Deluxe’ and at £199 one could argue that it was fraud.  Oh and free wifi is not included in…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton in London,"This is the worst Hilton in London and the second worst in the UK in my opinion. Lets go through this: At front desk I waited more than 20 minutes to check in just because of a massive queue. We had booked a suite and this is the only positive I can say the room was big for London. However there was massive wear and tear everywhere.  Used the pool with our little ones and it felt very unhiegenic. The Executive Lounge had several issues. Poor food servings and the breakfast was a total joke. Here you could see wear and tear everywhere again.   Wifi is as slow as can be.  Aircon was so loud you could not sleep. When turning it of, the room overheated in minutes.  But the main disappointment was the staff of the hotel. I felt there was no heart at all and you can tell they only…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,2 Star Room,"Towels so hard and worn thin I would be embarrassed to give them to guests at my own home.  Shower had absolutely no pressure, water fell from gravity alone.  Bathroom really needs a refresh.   Surprisingly small swimming pool was very murky  and only had one set of children's floatation arm bands and ring.  The floatation devices look very yucky and worn.  Lobby area looks ok, very large lobby areas and corridors on ground floor.  Huge place.  Overall just looking at the room, for a four star you will be disappointed and there are better ones in London for a similar price.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor experience,"Stayed here for a weekend trip away with family -Booked a family superior room at cost of £538 for 2 nights. Was just over £300 if you booked just before so don't bother booking in advance with hilton to get a good rate!! Arrived to a half hour wait just to check in, the reception area can only be described as chaos. Very busy, not at all welcoming. No cookie on arrival as hilton offered in all Hilton hotels stayed at before. Room nice but basic. Poor air conditioning unit in a boiling hot room with no windows that can be opened. No hot chocolate sachets for drinks, no biscuits!! No shower caps which I've never known not be provided (ladies take your own !) our toiletries and milk were not replaced by maid. Woken at 8:15 by maid for to clean room, unacceptable on a Saturday…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Over priced and disappointing ,"Tired old rooms and decor, confrontational staff and totally over priced. Tiny bedroom and bathroom. Not worth £199 weekend room rate. Room service seemed reasonably priced, but then £5 delivery fee! £12 for 24hrs internet.   The view from our room across London was amazing. Good location, 10-15 min walk to Marble Arch.   Would not recommend to friends and family. ",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected.,"I booked this hotel as part of a deal with my local coach company and was very excited to stay. When we arrived, the lobby area was breathtaking, the check in was quick and easy and the atmosphere and ambience was lovely. The staff at the check in area were brilliant and when I enquires about how much the wifi would cost if I wished to use it in my room, they gave me the passcode so I could access the free wifi, usually reserved to Hilton a honours members. We were given a room on the eighteenth floor. At first, the elevator made both myself and my partner quite dizzy, but we were surprised at how fast we got to our floor. The room was average. We spent quite a bit of time trying to figure out how to use the TV, as the buttons weren't working properly on the remote. We struggled…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Had better times,"Been there many times over the course of my work in the uk. I stay there for the location near St. Pancras and Paddington. Had better times, is sliding downwards... Only go there still because im a hilton diamond member which gives some free perks, like wifi, lounge access etcetera.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A comfortable trouble-free stay,"My company put me into this hotel as part of a conference taking place at the hotel conference facilities.  The hotel is a little daunting in terms of size and getting around; there are many different wings parts to the hotel, and often difficult to find.   The room I stayed in was high up on one of the wings, offering a unique view over the hustle-and-bustle of central London, enjoyable both day and night. Due to the height, it was not possible to open the window more than a crack, which was frustrating as it was rather warm.  The room was comfortable, clean, well equipped. The bathroom was a 'wet room' style rather than a traditional bathroom. Towels and toiletries were provided of good quality.  The big advantage to this hotel is its central location to get around central…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
3744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,All the time in the world.....needed for check in,Very poor hotel by Hilton (or any hotel standards)  30 minutes to check in...with only 5 in front of me (and I had already checked in on-line!!)  45 minutes for room service (told 30 minutes)  TV not working  Smoke smell in a non smoking room....I think through the air vents  WIFI code not working  And not to mention a 3.30am fire false alarm (I'll let them off here as it probably wasn't their fault!)  Shocking Hilton,Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never stay here,"Lobby area is very nice , the rooms are terrible. The room smelt bad. Booked four rooms together and were given rooms on separate floors. Rooms were not ready when we checked in. Woken up by maid banging on door despite having booked extended check out. Don't stay here.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton EVER,"Stayed here for 3 nights and booked my daughter and husband another room for 1 night.Went to book in at 2.50 pm to be told that 1 room was ready and we would have to wait till 3 for the other room.OK no problem we will sit in cafe/ bar that is on the ground floor.Went over only to find it looked liked the inside of a busy McDonalds with no tables cleaned and rubbish all over the place.Managed to find a half decent table and waited till 3.10 to go back to check in desk only to be told sorry not ready yet come back in 15 mins.I asked where the rooms near and was told yes and that is why we have to wait.OK we sat back down again and waited 20 mins, up to check in only the chap dealing with us has gone and replaced by another. He gave us the key and up we went. Small proble we had…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Last night in Great Britain.,"This hotel is well located for Heathrow access. It is a big hotel, so we had to walk a distance to get to the breakfast room. The rooms were small, with very little counter space in the bathroom. The only place to plug in the curling iron close to a mirror was in the short entrance hallway, which meant putting my iron on the floor each time I had to put it down, a bit of a nuisance. The check in for our group of 40 was very smooth indeed. We never were able to hook up to WiFi, and because we were only there for a few hours to sleep we never inquired. The bed was comfortable, there were no facecloths (it must be the general occurence in England , rarely did hotels have them) so we just bought our own. OK for one night's stay, and the drive to the airport was only 45 minutes.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay,"A very luxurious hotel in London, with everything you could need. There was a pool, gym, sauna and steam room that, even though the pool was closed on our first day due to maintenance, was lovely. The manager gave us free unlimited movies because of that. The breakfast in the morning was one of the best I have ever had, it seemed like there was an everlasting amount of food and drink! I didn't visit the Bar, but with your own TV it looked lovely. Edgware Road Tube Station was so close which was very useful. A ver nice stay and I would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location with basic room,Directly opposite the Edgeware road tube station with plenty of buses going past too. 15 minute walk to Oxford Road shopping. Check in was smooth and efficient. Room was basic but clean. Comfortable beds in our twin room. The bathroom was dated and could do with refurbishment but plenty of hot water in the shower.  Breakfast was a huge buffet with something to cater to every taste. Staff were attentive and helpful.  Plenty of pubs and restaurants nearby and a great Pret a Manger across the road for lunch. The free wifi was a great help and was a reliable connection for our 5 night stay.,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Smokey eyes . . .,"We spent a short while researching where to stay in London. So much choice. ""Let's stay at the Hilton"" my partner said, because ""you know what you are getting"". Big mistake!  First the positives. A great location. The reception was also clean, modern and impressive. We were checked in with no fuss. So far, so good.  We were in the west wing. They probably should re-name it the worst wing. As we stepped out the lift onto floor 6 it was like we had been transferred to a totally different hotel. The carpet was dirty and sticky. There was a whiff of cigarette smoke in the air as we made our way to room 620.  The room was not Hilton like. Nothing like we had stayed in before at other hiltons and nothing like the glossy pictures. The room was tired and dated. The bathroom was very…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Could be better,Disappointed in this location. Wifi never worked in the room. The front desk was very helpful trying to get it to work but never did. Shower stall was very small and a large step up to get in and out. There was no place to hold on to make this leap! We were there three nights and did not sleep well. Best part was the breakfast which was outstanding. A chef would cook your omelet  or you could select from a very wide verity of prepared foods. Would not stay here again however.,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel with excellent service,"Momentarily at arrival at the hotel, service already started. Staff kindly helped carrying all of the suitcases to the hotel room, making the check-in effortless and our late night arrival as pleasant as possible. At breakfast all the people were pleasant to deal with, helping us to find an empty table, serving tea, coffee and hot chocolate.   I addition the staff were generally friendly and very helpful when coming to explain London´s tricky subway system, recommending places to visit and nice places to eat.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
3753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"GOOD Service, enjoy myself ","I stayed at the hotel in the family room, the room was beautiful with clean sheets. The room was decorated nicely. The bathroom was clean and had toiletries and clean hand and bath towels. There were no slippers for the toilet though. Enough space for clothes etc. There was an ironing board, hair drier, cups , kettle, milk and tea in the room already.   Some noise was there when we tried to sleep but didn't bother after a bit and we all slept through the night. In the morning we Didn't even hear the traffic which was right below our room and the curtains don't let any light in.  The only down side was that when we wanted an iron they took their time and I had to ring thrice. So if you're gonna be in a hurry in the morning, get your iron the night before.   The bus stop is on 2…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business Stay,Front desk and bar staff very welcoming. Room was clean the bed was comfy but was very creaky. Wooden frame creaked every time you moved. Breakfast was good plenty of choice although located in the ball room?,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Second time at Hilton Metropole after a couple of years. I recall a much better hotel, the room we got this time was very small. Restaurants have changed; breakfast is good but not at Hilton standard. We returned to this hotel because its excellent location. Few minutes walking from Paddington Station; train and underground are just around the corner and Heathrow can be reached in less than 30 minutes.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
3756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good breakfast,"stoped for a couple of nights , room was ok clean decent size, breakfast was really good,we had some noisy neighbours but never complained because we were so tired. I got the feeling from the bar and reception area that there was a lot of subsidised people staying here just my opinion, I would try some where else next time.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible experience (HHonors),"Checked in 18 July - HHonors Gold.  Room was ready but I was horrified at the state of the room which was very outdated and dirty. It also had a wonderful view - of air conditioning ducts. This was in the Tower Wing. I went to reception to request a room change but was advised they were at full capacity and to ask again the following day. I had a terrible night. I was eventually moved the next day to another room in Tower Wing - this time on 23rd floor. The room was still  dated but an improvement on the previous room. Until I heard a loud hum, followed by what sounded like a sonar ping - this was happening every 20-30 seconds. It went all day and night. Another terrible night with hardly any sleep. The next day I spoke to a girl on the service desk who called engineering…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Awful, disinterested staff, guest is always wrong","We checked in on 27 July after travelling from Australia via Vietnam. We found our allocated room had one double bed, though we had requested twin beds. As my husband left me with the luggage to check with reception I heard the sound of masonry drilling near the room. A couple from another room told me the noise was to be expected from 9am to 5pm. We were moved from that floor, even though our friends were nearby without the noise, and we were given another room. It was (according to the fire-exit plan) the smallest room on that floor, half of the size of every other room. It had a small window that could not be opened. We checked the old style air-conditioner and it was set to 'boost' but no air was circulating from it. I began to unpack and clothes were all over the beds but…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor standard even for a Hilton,"I tend to not have very high expectations of standard Hilton hotels but this one is quite poor even on an average standard. The facilities are dirty, the rooms are filthy and the service is terrible.  In addition to this the location is average, it's around a 15minute walk from Marble Arch and the view from the hotel rooms is so terrible that you will want to have your curtain shut the whole time, in addition to this it is facing an office building so anyone can see into your room.  The breakfast is what really put me off this hotel. The selection is terrible, there weren't even any scrambled eggs or fruit and the buffet area looks dirty. The service staff are also unhygienic, I saw many of them touching the food and putting their hair in the food.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
3760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Scores High on Location,"Absolutely love the location of this hotel! Just outside the Edgware Road station on the Circle line. Plenty buses from the hotel to just about anywhere. You can walk it up to Paddington station on one side, which is home to many eateries. On the other side, a brisk 10min walk would take you to hyde park and Oxford Street.  Room size - average. The standard rooms are good for 2 people. There is not enough room for a third person. So people travelling with children, please take note.  The staff at the concierge were very helpful!",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good base,"Stayed here with a friend for whilst we spent the weekend explorong London. The hotel was very nice inside with a whiskey bar and shops! The hotel was undergoing renovation when we stayed. The renovated areas looked great and the other areas looked a little tired but given it was mid renovation I suspect it will look great throughout at the end! The room was a twin and we had enough space. The ensuite was fine too, nothing special and did the job. Was literally a 2 minute walk to edgware road tube or 5 minute walk to paddington station. It was a good base, perhaps slightly out of the centre but that wasn't an issue for us as it was in good proximity to transport links. Didn't have breakfast so can't comment. The wifi was free as we signed up to hilton honours and was pretty good…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pretty much what I expected,"We needed somewhere to stay close to the Lords cricket ground, so this hotel's proximity to the ground suited us. It was also an easy walk from the Heathrow Exoress, which deposited me at Oaddington station.  There is not much to say about the room, as it is what I expected from a Hilton in London - Not terrific, but not bad either. Simply a corporate hotel doing what they do.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,always busy hotel,the hotel is well located to the underground stations and lots - i mean really lots- of lebanese restaurants so the road is quite busy with the food and shisha bars. the lounge remains busy all the time as the turnover looks to be high. we stayed there on two occasion. one in a 3 single bed room which is quite small but the bedding was comfortable. only the bathroom is quite small and needs some makeover. the second time we took a deluxe room wiht 2 large queen size beds. this time no complaints everything was just good. ah only complain there seems to be no respect for residents as during the night it looks to be a mess as kids keep on running thumping their feet on the flloor continuously and grown ups didnt care as they kept on talking loudly. breakfast buffet is absolutely a…,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole,"Luxurious bar and lounge area. Plenty of space for guests to congregate and circulate. Good air conditioning especially in the ground floor communal space. Plenty of choice for breakfast. Pool was clean and in an airy space. A handy location for the tube,as the Edgeware Road station was very close.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst rooms,"The rooms are bad, quality and location all make this the worst Hilton I have ever stayed in ( being a Hilton honours member). I would not recommend any business traveler to stay at this hotel, definitely not worth.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Bustling, busy, buzzing","Spent a total of 3 nights here while on a coach tour of the UK.   The lobby areas made me feel as though I was in Grand Central Station or an airport.  Huge, always filled with people, including kids on scooters.   Not at all relaxing Very diverse clientele, from tourists like myself, to families coming in for a shopping/theater excursions from all over the world. .  Not enough seating in bar/lobby areas, and the ""tourist"" lobby was under construction.  Rooms were okay, though dated.  Bed was extremely comfortable as were the pillows.  We were in the Tower wing which is being renovated.  We had trouble with our toilet, and the room was very warm - AC wasn't working right.  Internet is expensive, and not free unless you're in a public area and are a HHonors member.  Our room was…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to par,"This hotel seems to be on its last legs.  The finishes and furnishings are tired and in need of replacement.  We had a water leak that started in the ceiling of our room at about 3 a.m.  When we complained, we were offered breakfast.  Really?  An ""I'm sorry"" and a bite of food.  Normally, we get a hotel room in order to have a place to sleep.  Tough to do when there is water dripping into the room.  I would have expected a refund since the room did not serve its purpose.  Very disappointing hotel.",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel and very friendly staff but very busy.,The room was very comfortable and the breakfast buffet was very good.  The beds were comfy and the view from room was excellent. I could see the tower of London and the Eye from a distance.  Very pretty at night.  Its next to a middle eastern shops area with lots of places to eat.  A good 20-30 minute walk to Oxford street where there is plenty of typical mall shopping and a very large park.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, wonderful service in Executive Lounge","My brother-in-law was there for business while my sister and I toured. The location is fantastic with it being a 10 minute walk to Paddington station and the Heathrow Express, and only 2 minutes to the Edgeware Tube.  Unfortunately, check in wasn't all that smooth for us. After a red-eye flight, we arrived at the hotel just after the noon hour and knowing that we were early, we weren't expecting to get in at that time but we were hopeful. Reception indicated that the room had been vacated and that he would put it on priority for cleaning and it should be ready within an hour. We talked about leaving the hotel but with it being just an hour, we could eat and then freshen up. After lunch, we checked and the room was still not available. At 2 pm, I went back to reception at which…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Geert and Evelyn de Vries,Stayed 4  nights Room 2123 Tower Wing The room was small and very tired. I understand they are in the process of refurbishing the Tower wing . We felt we paid a little too much for what was not quiet a 3 star room . However the friendly and helpful staff more than made up for what was lacking in our room .  ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel - Good location,"Hotel itself is lovely. Reception staff are very friendly and helpful. Couldn't fault the service at all. Top Class. We were in room 705. Room is very small. Badly needs updating. Bathroom was tiny and definitely needed repairing and redecorating. TV wouldn't work.  Even though there are negatives about the room, it is still a good hotel in a good location. 15 minutes walk to Oxford Street. 2 minutes walk to Edgware Tube Station.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy hotel,I stayed last year in August and June this month. Check in process was long but the lady checking me in was warm and welcoming. My room was much better compared to the one I was allocated to last time. A bit further from Oxford street but Paddinton station is across the road ,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Close to tube great breakfast,"Our family took a quick weekend break to London. We saw wicked, went to Buckingham palace, visited some markets and swam at the Hilton. They were doing lots of remodeling at the hotel. The check in was easy, the room ready, and the breakfast delicious. The pool was a bit chilly and was pretty crowded. We had a great nights sleep and loved the location.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice property, small rooms, mediocre neighborhood","Basically what you'd expect from a 3-star big-chain hotel; chose it mainly for price, location, and brand name (no surprises)  (+) Nice property with attractive lobby, bar/lounge area (+) Decent gym - good variety of machines but cramped area  (-) Room - 2 twin-bed room was clean, modern, but pretty small, not much room to walk around (-) Reception area always crowded  (-) WiFi costs extra unless you join the reward club, and the network covering the room and the network in the lobby area appear to be separate, requiring separate sign-ins  (-) Neighborhood is not a destination unless you like a particular type of cuisine; nothing in the area except restaurants serving a particular type of food  Lots of tourists, some airline employees",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful visit,I am planning on staying here again. I found my last stay here very pleasant and the staff to be extremely welcoming. The location of this hotel was perfect walking distance from all the places I wanted to be. What a fabulous hotel!,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy Hotel with Good Customer Service,"a very busy hotel in a good location just a short stroll to Marble Arch. Although the service in all areas were effecient & friendly expect long queues at check in & at peak breakfast times.  No real fault with my stay here, found the hotel to be clean, staff friendly, location good & lots of choice on the buffet breakfast. As London hotel prices go the rate here seemed fairly competitive but still cost us more than it should!  Had a brilliant weekend in a great city & the location of this hotel contributed to this.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Good Experience,"Great Location, great staff, great ambience, great experience staying with the hotel Good breakfast options. Most convenient for traveling to Heathrow Airport from Paddington station which is walking distance from the Hotel. Also Hyde park is walking distance from the station and many other attractions are nearby",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Need a better pool!!!!!!,The pool is dirty and murky. Service is poor hilton can to better!!! For a london hotel it is big but they need less expensive breakfasts. When we came in to the hotel they didn't even say they have a pool or when the breakfast is ready. We found the pool all on our own. Al tho the room whas great and the location is near a subway so that's good... But they need to be better!,Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great service, close to Oxford street, great view","The hotel itself is very good. Staff is very professional and helpful and I've been here 2 times now - every time I have gotten an amazing view from my windows, so i can't complain about hotel. It' s just that the location is probably not in the most desirable location, but metro is close and Hyde park an be reached by foot, so can Oxford street, so it's not a bad location, just, in my opinion - it could be better.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
3780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Should have called it ""FAULTY Towers""","I stayed with the missus for a weekend and I payed for a suit. Both showers were broken and stains all over the carpets and sofas. With the money 1 payed, I expect a working shower! Very disappointed and will not go back!! Just clean it properly!",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Family Hotel London,"Excellent experience there. First, the staff are VERY helpful and courteous. The conceierge in particular are great. Use them to get tickets to museums, etc. 2nd the location is convenient. Close to Edgware road Tube station- you can get anywhere in London. ( I reccomend the 7 day Oyester card) We arrived in Heathrow and took the Heathrow express to Paddington station and walked the 15 min walk down Praed street to the hotel. But you can also take the Tube or a short Taxi ride.  They have a huge breakfast which is lovely and is open from 6:30 to 10 so early or late riser, you are fine! Good selection of hot and cold options, meats, salad, pastries- you name it.  The area is mosly middle-eastern so most of the restaurants are ethnic. If you don't like ethnic food, walk toward…",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
3782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton london,"Hilton Metropen use to be good, but during my last stay I realize the quality is deteriorated and staff are not very good in customer services. there are many issue that the front office are not good in handling, I believe that they need more training in dealing with customers and in how handling customer complain and solving them in an efficient way, instead of trying blaming the load of work and busy time of the hotel.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs a renovation,"Waited in a long line just to register, and was disregarded as a HHonors guest. Room was very outdated. Hotel needs a renovation badly. Even though the location was close to city it was not in such a good part of town. Would definitely not stay there again. Room was dirty. No fresh towels, towel on bathroom floor, unchanged sheets on sofa bed, trash in trash can and personal items from previous guest left in room(pair of earrings). Staff was very RUDE when reported. Would definitely stay away.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton should do better!,"Staff everywhere but still it take some time to get anything done. Staff is polite and friendly as it should at a place like this.  The rooms are however way below standard. A Hitlon hotel should not have windows that could not be closed, rips in the wall paper and really uncomfortable beds. Also very small. Never slept as bad as I did on this hotel.   Based on the cost I expect much more!  I stayed in the Tower wing.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
3785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Quality getting to the HILT?,"I was on a 2 days business trip and booked this hotel. I am a regular visitor to London and has stayed in Paddington hotels at least on more than 8 occasions. The front office personnel were very good and tried to get me a room in about an hour or a little more. I arrived very early. That was a plus. Entering my room, it was clean by London standards. Bathroom amenities were not impressive. Breakfast was good, but not as exciting as I was used to Hilton in US. The lounge can be crowded and on this weekend, it was due to a function in one of their halls. They failed to clean my room on day 2 till I requested. May have been an oversight. The hotel is central and close to good restaurants. generally, not impressed by aesthetics, ambience and all for the price it charges. The least…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Between poor and average,"Check in was fine and quick, already checked in on line.  The room was in need of total refurbishment, I know there is a programme underway so hopefully this one will be included, the carpet was filthy and the door to the mini bar was hanging off its hinges!  The bedding was clean and the safe worked - one set of toiletries and no shower cap, I'm sure we could have got some more if we had asked but its not the usual Hilton brand attention to detail! Its a good location but one does pay a premium and the room certainly wasn't worth the money paid.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel with everything one would need,"We spent one night here when our packaged tour was over. The room was good, with everything we could need. The breakfast buffet was excellent, and it included an omelet station. There is a nice, large lobby with a bar for meeting up with friends in your group. I found that the concierge was very helpful in giving us information - it was a Sunday and there is little going on in the way of shows, restaurants, etc. He pointed us in the direction of the Soho area and we found something very nice.   What's near the hotel? I run in the morning, and we were 7 blocks from Regent's Park, which was good for me. I passed Madame Tussaud's on the way there. There appears to be a large Lebanese community nearby with lots of restaurants on that road, so if you like Lebanese food, you are in…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A bit disappointing experience during a conference,"We had a conference in this hotel as our company got apparently a good deal. Mixed experience. My room was excellent, recently renovated, very functional, clean, modern, everything worked well. But the rest, not so good. The hotel layout is confusing, signage is poor, check-in service so and so, and conferencing services were poor to average. The hotel cannot handle as many people as actually fit to the main ballroom. There are not enough WC:s, logistics don't quite work, etc. Could be a different experience outside a conference.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mixed views of Metropole,"Stayed at the Hilton Metropole for 2 nights recently and came back with really mixed views of it- had thought that a Hilton hotel meant good quality but there were big shortcomings. On a plus point the hotel is convenient for the Edgeware Road tube stations, we requested early access to our room and got it and the staff are all very helpful. However there was no mention either by Booking.com or the reception desk that the room above us was being refurbished and there was electric drill noise etc for long periods. The room itself was ok apart from the fact that you could hardly get past the bed and the fridge without knocking your leg. The breakfast restaurant is the most disappointing feature. The smell of cooking is dreadful regardless of where you sit and your clothes and hair…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice experience,"Service and facilities were good as all Hilton brand hotels.  Enjoyed the fitness room and the fact that there is a good sized pool in this city-based hotel.   As with other Hilton locations, they are trying to switch the TV service to these digitally branded TV experience which is just AWFUL. The TV failed every day, it turned on by itself (freaky!)  and I couldn't even shut it down.  Called for service, they fixed it, and then it happened again and again.  Location is good but not great.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
3791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic!,"The hotel is fantastic! Good location, nice stuff, very good food. If you looking for nice hotel - it is! Near by hotel are many restaurants, Hide park is close too if you like go for walk, bus and metro stops very close.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
3792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,fantastic london weekend,"three day stay with coach company. excellent hotel, first class rooms and food was brilliant. fantastic location just five minutes walk from the start of oxford street. staff helpful and friendly. have stayed here twice now and enjoyed both times.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
3793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice stay at the Hilton Metropole,"We stayed at the Hilton Metropole in April 2015 with our family. We Stayed during Easter Weekend, so the hotel was packed with people for the Easter holiday. Nevertheless, the service was excellent. The hotel staff was really helpful, kind, and attentive. The reception and concierge were also very knowledgeable and helped us plan out our activities for the day. The hotel is located just a 2 minute walk away from the Edgware Road Tube stations. The neighborhood is safe and there are plenty of stores and places to grab a quick bite around.  The rooms were clean and spacious and the wifi was fast and reliable. Overall, we had a great stay and would recommend this hotel to all.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
3794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Terrible, don't waste money here!","Went with a group of co-workers and each one of us got charged on different deposit values. One of us no charge, two of us 90£ and myself 300£. When we asked why, they said they have made a mistake, but did noting to correct it. Terrible!  My room smelled awfully of food and cigarrettes. And beware not to use the mini bar with your personal items. It is automated, so everytime you move an item out, you're charged!! Be very careful with this. Also, many times they didn't answer when we dialed 0 on the room's phone.  My room was in a non renovated area of the 2 floor, so my bathroom was really old. This is no 4 star hotel at all. Never thought a Hilton could be so lauzy!! Bear in mind the location too: it's quite central (about 20 min walk from hyde park and oxford street) but…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not good this time,"Like previous review I've stayed here lots but on this occasion things were not so good. Nearly 30 minute wait to check in, and then given one of the smallest rooms they must have. Tried to call room service 3 times but no answer, so gave up. Food in restaurant wasn't good either ... £24 for a very average pizza and salad. To top it all had to wait another 20 minutes when I went to check out. The one good point was the breakfast.  I know the hotel is being refurbished at the moment but the service seems to have gone downhill rapidly. Hope they sort it out or I'll be staying elsewhere in London.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
3796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Three Star Hotel at Five Star Prices,"Walking into the HM is quite impressive, very friendly check in with Sergio. As we were meeting friends we wanted to be on the same floor as them, which of course required an upgrade.  So if you travel thousands of miles, what the heck!  So when they checked in hours later it didn't happen.  Sergio was very accommodating in relocating us on the same floor as our friends.  For our inconvenience we got free wi-fi!  Why is it that lowly chains like Choice, Super 8 etc. give you free wi-fi and super expensive hotels charge.  It's money for old rope, there's no cost to them, it's a gouge. If we'd had to pay for it - £20 a day or £40 for 5 days!  The room was nice, fair size with queen beds, nothing out of the ordinary really.  On check-out we were going to be charged for wi-fi as…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor Hotel,"Spent a night here whilst visiting London. At check in tried to give us a smoking room which we declined. Then a big fuss ensued while they found us a non smoking room...thought we had been smoke free since 2007! Room was mediocre to say the least, poor decorative state and the corridor smelled badly of stale cigarette smoke. No view, well apart from a flat room full of rubbish etc. breakfast was in a massive room and I would advise you arrive early to avoid the queues. Altogether a rather disappointing visit",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
3798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Excellent hotel located in the NW of London, good access to the buses and underground rail, good rooms, good breakfast area, helpful staff. Smaller inexpensive dining options can be found in the surrounding area. There is a M&S store directly across the road where most things, including groceries can be found.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Chaotic Service","I have stayed here regularly but the service has been consistently chaotic, despite emailing requests in advance. There is no management between their various teams - a team for water bottles, a team for slippers, a team for glasses, a team for housekeeping, etc Call 0 for guest relations and they are clueless !! I am very disappointed despite a good breakfast (most of the team for the restaurant are very good, but mind the long queue for omlettes!)",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend getaway,"Me and my partner went here for a break, we didn't expect anything amazing because of the price is quite cheap for London. We stayed in a deluxe double room, we was 1 floor from the top where the restaurant is, which never opened whilst we was there. The view was amazing as you would expect from this height, however the room smelt of fish which we never managed to get rid of even with me using my deodorant/perfume and leaving the windows open all day. But the bed was a good size. The restaurant downstairs is mucky looking and needs an update, I feel sorry for people that have paid for the suites at dear prices and still have to use the restaurant to be honest as while the foods good the overall look isn't. When you first walk in the hotel looks like it's going to be pretty good.…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,They never give baby bed. My baby slept on the floor,They never gave me and my sister  baby bed . They alwasy says tomorrow night we will give you  baby bed. 4 night my baby slept on the floor.Also They give a disabled room my brother WHO is not disabled. ıt was terrible.,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ghulam Ali Shahani,"I stayed at this hotel with my family.hotel is situated near Edgware road station.which is short distance walk.I always walk towards Edgware Road which is a very friendly neighbourhood Oxford street,marble arch is not too far.there is a awesome Hyde park which is the attraction of London is 6min walk from hotel .Breakfast superb.i love this hotel and services provided.service is brilliant and very organised.All staff are very helpful and friendly.i had a very enjoyable stay at Hilton very week managed and only best in Edgware Road.      Thank you Hilton for making my stay enjoyable.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Was OK, expected more. Wasn't impressed at all.","From looking a the the reception area, you could be forgiven for thinking you're going to be staying at a luxury hotel.   Unfortunately, the room I stayed in was not luxurious. It was OK.  I guess it was what they would call a budget room. But for the tariff you would hope for more.    The room was a decent size. Decoration was bearable. Temp OK. Nice and quiet. Bed was not good - two singles stuck together and the singles were sunken in the middle, which makes for an uneasy sleep.  Decent size tele.  Bathroom was shabby. Didn't look like it had been touched up in a few years. My bathroom at home has seen daily use for Seven years and looks new compared to the one in my room. Towels were good. Products OK.  Breakfast was good. Very good actually.   Service overall was a bit of.a…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Tiny bathroom, good view from 16th floor","The Hilton London Metropole is being renovated.  They were still working on one of the lobbies while we were there.  We stayed on the newly renovated 16th floor.  The rooms are as small as they've always been.  My main issue with the renovation is how small the bathroom in our room was.  There is no place to hang anything, just a very small shelf to put your cosmetics, etc.  They've put in very harsh lights that shine down from the ceiling over the sink.  If you are trying to shave or put on makeup, your face is in a harsh shadow.  Not practical at all.  Just fancy hi-tech look.  Otherwise, the over-all renovation gives the hotel a nice clean updated look.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,all that glitters isnt Gold,I have stayed here before and always found it a pleasant place to stay.  The last year has seen an extensive renovation to the hotel but all the money spent on the improvements will have been in vain if the staff treat guests the way I was treated last week.,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Big, expensive and very busy","Stayed here on business, the service was very good in general, rooms were small, dated and quite dirty. The hotel itself is very big and was very busy during my stay which spoiled it as on business I just want a quiet evening. All in all I won't be rushing back.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Ok, thank goodness for an upgrade","Good location, only a few minutes walk from tube station  Efficient staff at check in.  I'd called do the day before to request our rooms (booked 2) to be near each other and was told I'd be given enough an upgrade.  True to their word at check in that's what we got.  However, no idea what the basic room is like but ours was only ok.  The room itself was a bit small and the bathroom room in need of refresh.  However everything worked.  Only complaint was the beds was on wheels. And moved every time you nudged it.   The exec lounge was very disappointing. Having stayed in other hiltons there's usually a good selection of drinks, nibbles etc... Not at this hilton. No wine. No nibbles.    Breakfast was good, with a really good choice considering how huge this hotel is.  Didn't make…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend in the rain,"Stayed at Metropole hotel during rainy weekend in London. The hotel staff were extremely friendly and attentative. Hotel undergoing refurbishment, bedroom and bathroom looked tired...... public areas good.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location for a citi break,Great location for a city break close to Oxford street and hyde park which weather permits is a nice morning run.   Lobby and entrance well maintained and extremely helpful and pleasant staff. Room conditions could be slightly improved as well as internet. We were a couple and only one of us managed to connect to the wifi (could be a phone issue as well),Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,So bad it was almost funny!!,"1st room hadn't been cleaned from previous guest - 2nd room was awaiting refurbishment so looked very tired. Cheese platter from room service had 3 crackers (I was trying to be greedy, but....really??). Woken up at 8.10am on a Sunday morning by the cleaner actually entering the room, bless her, she tried again at 9 and then again at about 10!! Hotel staff seemed really disinterested.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointedly average,"A friend and I visited london on a last minute 'mystery hotel' deal.  We paid £80 for a twin room for one night. According to Hilton the room should have been £199 so we were hoping for something special.  The lobby was nice but the room was very disappointing. Didn't feel like £199 at all, not even £80 to be honest. Everything was clean and ok but the bathroom was quite 'tired' and it all felt pretty average. The beds were comfy and the room was quite. Wouldn't say don't go but not worth the price unless you get a very good deal and don't expect too much.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable weekend,"We stayed here when on a short weekend coach trip. We stayed in a triple room which had plenty of room, even with 3 beds in it, the bathroom was adequate, there were 2 wardrobes, iron, ironing board & hair dryer. The room overlooked the flyover & was quite noisy but as we had been out all day we were tired and slept quite well even with the window open. The only down side was we couldn't get the air con to work, thus the window had to be open. Breakfast was really good, everything you could think of was there to serve yourself. It was quite busy but no long queues waiting for food.  We also had cocktails in the bar, service was wonderful, ambience good. Would definitely return to this hotel. Short walk to the Marble Arch end of Oxford St & 2 minutes from the nearest tube station…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very tired Club room only just average,Stayed here for one night enroute to Birmingham. As a HHonors Diamond member we were upgraded to an executive room.  The lobby and bar areas were modern but unfortunately our room did not really reflect this.  It was tired and needed some major work to be done to it to bring it up to the Hilton standard. I think this place is under refurbishment which it needs.  General maintenance was lacking.  The club lounge was also in need of a facelift.  The furniture is showing its age. The continental breakfast however was very good and the cold meats were fresh and tasty. Thankfully this room was purchased on points as we would not pay the standard rate to stay here.  ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very average and basic ,"My partner booked this hotel as a birthday present for myself for two nights. When you think of the 'Hilton' you think luxury right? Robe, slippers the lot! This was not the case. The hotel is very average. Upon arrival there was a confusion with rooms, once that was sorted, we opened the door to our room to what was not luxury at all. The pictures on the website are very deceiving. The room was poorly decorated, very old and dated and very very small with an unpleasant scent. The rooms need a makeover. We were on the 19th floor so at least we had a decent view. The fridge in the room is also very warm. However, the downstairs lobby and bars were lovely and beautifully decorated, very modern and served beautiful food and cocktails. Just a shame about the rooms. The breakfast was…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,not good as I expected,"The reception is always busy. I had to waiting around 15-20 minutes to wait for the check-out. I was lucky I didn't need to hurry to catch my flight.  The room is very small. It was a twin-single bedroom, and I almost can't find a place to put my luggage and open it.  Open my window, I see a wall 5 meters away.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location ,I use this regularly for work. Queue to check in could do with being quicker but other than that it's fine. Also glad it's now having a refurbished as it was looking a little tired.   One great point is the food. Is by far some of the best around and reasonably priced for a London hotel. ,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location was ideal for us,"A large hotel that seemed to be packed to the rafters during our stay, be it a doctors reunion or an African summit However busy it was, we didn't feel crowded because of the size of the place.....even when still undergoing renovation (required in some places)  Room we had was good, clean, spacious and adequately stocked Staff from the trainee check in clerk (good job Anna), sports bar staff and breakfast crew to the leisure centre staff - all were friendly and well trained Even the housekeeping were keen.....wanted to clean our room before we even made our way down to breakfast  Only aspect that knocked off a star, would just be the executive lounge It was OK, but not the best we have frequented - a little dated and a bit unkept for an executive lounge in our opinion …",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room Standard slightly above that of HOMELESS,"Booking made by Globus. Obviously standard of that .provided to it's clients has NOT been checked in ""A Long Time""!Had to change from first room allocated.Fridge did NOT work,nor was there any stock in it,despite having a deposit insisted upon of GBP60 at check in.Could NOT get luggage between end of bed and wall,so had to pass over the bed to VERY small floor area.Light in bathroom did NOT work,had NO compendium to ring front desk,so knocked on door of another party to borrow.When Maintence arrived it was fixed and we asked about fridge,only to be told ""NOT his domain"" He phoned somebody who spoke to us and advised No spare fridges available.Went to front desk ""Andre"" who spoke to Manager who offered to change us to another room.As we were with another party changed to another…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"Great location, under renovation. Room are noisy and the older rooms smell terrible. Extra charges for terrible internet are a non starter for such a brand to remain competitive.  The proximity to the Tube station is good, but it still does not outweigh the deficiencies of the hotel. Ask or a renovated room if you stay at this Hilton.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Plenty of room,4 of us stayed together for 3 nights in a double room. There was plenty of space. Beds were comfy and room cleaned well each day. We are at the restaurant as well as the sports bar and both offered a good range of food. Hotel is well suited for a visit to Lord's. Can walk there. Also close to the District and Circle tube lines. Marks and Spencer is across the road and has a good food hall to buy breakfast and take away sandwiches and fruit for picnic lunches in London. Gym is also good and there is a nice pool to use.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Newly renovated room,"Excellent location - Edware Rd tube station is across the street.  Hotel is still being renovated in the public areas, room was large (for London) and clean. We did not stay in the hotel during the day, so I can't comment on construction noise. Front desk and concierge were friendly and helpful. Buffet breakfast contained multiple items, including a variety of foods for vegetarians. Our room's window faced the swimming pool and was near the elevator.  We discovered that you could view the interior of the room from the glass elevator - need to keep the curtains shut at night! Marks & Spencer dept. store was across the street.  Only negative about the location was the lack of non Arabic restaurants/pubs close by.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay and lovely staff,"I have visited a few Hilton hotels in my time however this is one of the friendliest. The beds were great, the pillows divine, can you supply the manufacture so I can buy some. The afternoon tea was great value for money and the service there was great also. I will definitely return to this hotel and will recommend it to others. Reception staff to dining staff are a credit to this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ignorance staff,"Booked rooms for a small group of customers at this hotel. Called and emailed so many times to check whether they updated the name of clients so when they arrive, they can do check in by themselves. All staff at Hilton care is my credit form, not what I need. I sent them credit form to pay for all the room and attached customer names for updating into the rooms. I just took the credit room and not doing the job. The worst thing is they passed the job to different people and made me feel like I'm a ball for them to kick around. Me personally, won't book at this hotel again for my future customers",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"A good, basic Hilton hotel","This is a very big property next to the Edgware road Tube station and buses into downtown. We were upgraded to a room on the 10th floor.  Despite the size, it was relatively quiet with at least two restaurants and a bar downstairs. Breakfast was very good with a wide variety of food. There's a Pret a Manger nearby (our favorite!) as well as a number of Lebanese/Arab/Persian restaurants in the neighborhood, since that seems to be the area you're in. We'd definitely come back, as good London hotels are hard to find!",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very Poor Location, unfriendly staff",Stayed there July 9th and 10th of this year.  Located in a very unsightly part of London.  Didn't appear safe to walk around much either during the day or evening.   The AC was locked so I could not lower it below a certain temp.  We were very uncomfortable.   Concierge was unfriendly and not helpful.,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Rooms are Nice, but the Breakfast is OUTSTANDING","I am not familiar with European rooms and bathrooms, so the whole smaller room than I expected was somewhat a surprise. The room was exceptionally clean and well maintained.  The bed was comfortable and pillows came in a variety of sizes.   Bathroom was small but workable for one person at a time. Heating and air was fine.   The staff was Outstanding.  Check in was pleasant and rooms were as explained. I needed a knife for some bread and jam snacks in our room and REAL silverware was provided with no hassle.   The breakfast ..... there was every imaginable option.  Scrambled eggs, cooked eggs, toast, english  bacon, sausage, 7 kinds of juices, more variety of breads than one sees in a grocery store.  Muffins, cereals, fresh fruits, and staff that was attentive and helpful.    On…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,my stay in Hilton London metropole,"I stayed with my family in this hotel for 7 nights in July 2015. This is my 2nd stay and it is a very good hotel, located near paddington and not far away from marble arch, oxford street, hyde park etc., Edgware road underground station is 2 minutes walk.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Queues, poor breakfast and expensive wifi","Location was good - very close to the tube station. But it took us 25 minutes to check in from joining the queue to collecting our room cards. There was a lengthy queue the following morning for breakfast, which was very poor: most of the breakfast items were cold. And the hotel charges £12 for wifi. An idea that is somewhat out of date...",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole London,Daily in room wifi payment is poor. Free WiFi in common areas but not easily accessible as staff are not adequately trained when connection difficulties arise. Excellent breakfast. Reception area not up to standard for a Hilton hotel. Quick check out was good.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very overpriced ,"Excellent location but extremely overpriced. We got put in a Tower room (the section currently being upgraded). Bed was  uncomfortable. Bathroom is old and tired. Room was not made up properly (missing towels and toiletries) even though we didn't check In properly until 10pm. We had free wifi which was great when you could get it to work. In all, a very disappointing stay and lots of other people were complaining. Wish I had bothered to demand a room change to the east or west wing where rooms were a little better. Best thing about the hotel is the location. ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful Car Rental Service - Green Motion,"""Green Motion"" is the car rental service at this hotel. There is no way to verify whether Hilton operates it.  A) Situation when picking up the car: - the body of the car was filled with stain from dirt, dead bugs particularly at the front bumper. And more surprisingly, at least two droppings of bird excrement ; - the interior of the car still had coffee cup from the previous customer, with dirt around the driver area; -  the fuel tank had not been topped up, there indicated about only one-third of the tank left; - I immediately asked for a care replacement, but the staff told that that was the ONLY car available. Then I asked the car to be washed, and the staff pointed his fingers at me while shouting that I should wait at the front entrance. He then went off with high…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Godd stay in London and well located,"The hotel was incredibly well located and very nice. Romms were clean and we had a good view on the street.  Breakfeast ok and in line with Hilton Standards. Only one bad thing my girlfrien had a bottle of perfume broken while we were out, the hotel argued that their staf had nothing to do with that. Any way the overall stay was ok.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
3833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not really Hilton like, lots of refurbishments going on",The hotel hosted a conference I attended. The facilities were far from great and on top there was a major renovation going on at the time of my stay. The temperature in the conference room was close to zero. I would choose a different venue for a conference.,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
3834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice place but for someone who mostly travels low budget to expensive,"I was travelling for business and didn't choose the hotel.The hotel was close to a subway station and the staff was very friendly. Breakfast was great and again the staff was so nice. I had little time so they arranged for me some bread and coffee as a takeaway.   There was a room with doublebed booked but there were non availible so I settled for a room with two single beds and free wifi. It was small, clean but very outdated. The paint was peeling off and the colors where oldfashioned.  Normally I don't mind but in this case I paid 640 euros for two night and for me that is a lot of money. The Hilton has a posh reputation so I was expecting much much more.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Experience of a 'Hotel' I have ever experienced,"Birthday weekend away in London was ruined for my girlfriend and I. Thank you Hilton. Having experienced your hotels on several occasions, I am disgusted and disgraced by how we were treated. Firstly, we arrived to be informed that our King-size room was a smoking room. Being a non-smoker and hating the smell/taste of smoke this is not an option. We did not select a smoking King-size room. It was not an option when we booked the hotel. The gentlemen at reception offered us free breakfast (which we had already paid for), then offered us free internet (which we already have on our phones). The gentlemen then 'kindly' offered an upgrade for £20 for not having the room we had booked. Eventually he upgraded us to a Deluxe Queen Room which if we had known was worse than the tower of…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very good service , good location","This is the biggest hotel in London but it is not feeling that way. The service is great,  every one that i approach to was very halpfull. the breakfast is really good in the means of British hotel breakfast. There is a gym free of charge,  a nice swimming pool also. The underground is few steps ahead. The only thing is the noise from the amboulance. Great stay! ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday daytrip stay,We have really enjoyed our stay and were especially impressed with our waiter in the bar spiros he not only looked after us very well but he made my friends birthday very special by giving her a birthday serenade we were really surprised that he took so much effort to make our friend feel so special on her birthday and his piano playing was out of this world his talents are wasted as a waiter and I would also like to thank him for the lovely cake he arranged to be brought to us hr was amazing,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,BRILLIANT LOCATION,"Love this hotels location...right on Edgeware road so always have good food on the doorstep  We came for business. Room was clean but bit dark and lighting didn't add too much either.  Shower pressure could have been better but then we only came to use our room to sleep and leave our stuff, the rest of the time we were out doing other things or attending meetings  We always choose to stay here and the Hilton brand never fails to disappoint !!!",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business Hotel convenient located near Paddington,"This hotel does not have tons of personality, but it does have everything you need.  It is a very large hotel about a 5 minute walk from Paddington station.   It's an interesting part of London that seem to have lots of middle eastern influences.  The rooms are smallish and they are renovating.  The hallway noise is above average, but the front desk and bar staff are excellent.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expensive,"The hotel is too big, so personal attention is missing. For the price paid, I did not get value of money frankly. Did not find the staff very enthusiastic for the guests, may be because of too much work. The bell service was poor. It tool 1 hour to get the luggage delivered on arrival and 45 minutes to pick the luggage on departure. Did not find anything exciting in terms of restaurants.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location and a nice big room,"On our return trip from Canada to Singapore, we decided to stay three nights in London to break up the trip. We chose the Hilton Metropole because of it's proximity to the Heathrow Express at Paddington Station (10 minutes walk) and the good reviews it had. We were not disappointed.  We arrived a little earlier than the 3pm check-in time but were still able to get into our room right away. The room was a good size (2 queen beds in the west tower) for our family of four with two boys, ages 7 and 10. It had all the usual amenities like safe, kettle, desk, fridge, easy chair, storage space and lot's of power plugs for our well-connected family.   Wifi was not included with our room package but the person who checked us in was very friendly and gave us complimentary wifi. While not…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bit old but its convenient,The rooms they give you are varied.  They seem a bit old to me.  The first time I stayed here I got a view of a concrete wall which was a bit depressing.  The next time I got one a bit higher up which had a nice view over the city.  It's a huge hotel with about 23 floors and three restaurants and two bars.  The bar is expensive.  The food is alright but you get a pretty standard Hilton menu.  Overall it's a fairly decent place to stay and I will spend more time here in the future.  Really depends on what room you get.   The staff have always been great to me.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"The hotel is located in a great position directly opposite the tube, room was spacious and clean, front desk not the most helpful, however, waitressing staff and pool staff very helpful! Great choice at breakfast.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"good beds, large rooms","we travelled with 3 kids and the room easily accommodated all 5 of us. Very large hotel, everything looked New and well kept Friendly and helpful staff Breakfast fine, but very noicy with music and tv's Some small cleanlines issues, but we did not inform staff. I am sure they would have dealt With it immediately",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a bad hotel but ridiculous price for what we received,"This isnt a a bad hotel, but isnt a fantastic one either!  Firstly, its huge and well placed for many attractions and most staff were attentive and helpful when we called on them. It was clean, tidy, and I wouldnt put anyone off staying here (depending on the cost)!  We paid over £150 for a 1 night stay and ended up in a very old, tired, small ,stuffy room....and paid nearly £180 to include breakfast! We couldnt even open a window and the air con didnt work. I was expecting a little more luxury and comfort for such a large sum of money and it represents by far the worst value for money of any hotel i have ever stayed in.  The queue for breakfast in the morning was the longest i have ever seen, and the quality of the food on offer less than great. There was a huge selection, but…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lovely room , attentive staff .",Stayed for 2 nights in Suite linked to Executive Lounge. Room was very nice and clean - love having a double sink in bathroom ! Exec Lounge was very nice with excellent staff - canapes and drinks early evening were a real treat - afternoon sandwiches were pretty good too ! Check in /check out very good. Breakfast was a bit busy and had to ask twice both days for tea/coffee. Very well positioned for the underground.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton,Pleasant one night stay in London before travelling to France.  Hilton is as Hilton does with all the usual style.  Staff very helpful hotel very busy as running a conference. Handy for tube and okay for traffic noise etc.  Would use again if on a deal but would not pay full price,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Exactly as expected,"I booked this hotel for a weekend away with the Mrs and I picked very well. On arrival you can see the quality; from the multi-lingual staff to the gorgeous bar and whisky lounge. It was great first impression.  The room was really nice and comfortable, the only little complaint that I would say is the air con wasn't the strongest, but the windows open wider so we handled it. We had two great nights sleep on the huge beds. We both loved it very much.  Would go back!",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst hotel,"My family and I stayed at this hotel in July 2015, we picked the hotel because we thought it's a Hilton Hotel and the service will be great.  The staff are extremely unhelpful and they are not professionals at all.  My mom who is handicapped stayed with me in the room.  The bathtub was very high  and given her disability it was not possible for her to use. I informed the hotel about the issue but the staff indicated that they can not do anything.  So given the situation, I had to take my mom on a daily basis by some relatives who live in London so that my mom can take shower.  With no help from the hotel staff, I resorted to calling Hilton Coporate Guest services and I reported the issue and I requested that my mom's condition be accomodated, they informed me that they request…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ensure Category of Room and Location of Room,The Hotel is very well located. Staff is very friendly.Problem is in the Tower Rooms. Very noisy roadside rooms. Poor maintenance and smell in the rooms.Same Breakfast every day . No choice.  Believe they are undergoing renovation soon so hope all will be OK . We will stay again.,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible waste of a lot of money,"We booked a four star hotel and this is certainly not what we got. They are updating the tower rooms and boy does it need it. We didn't get a wink of sleep for the two nights we were here due to the terrible noise coming from a staff lift and I got the feeling they knew about this because they didn't really want to do anything about it.   They promised to send someone to our room who didn't come and we had to call again where they switched off those lifts, it was 1am before I got to sleep and the lifts were started again at 6.30 in the morning, I went down in person and they moved us straight away. We went down a floor and to the back of the hotel to an even worse run down room to still hear the noise. When we called to ask for a refund for our second night so we could go to…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoy comfort Inn rooms for 4 star price ,"We used our points to book a room for 3. We dicovered we could upgrade for 70 pounds. Our quoted price was 65.70 us dollar. Actually was 65.7 pounds. At a 1.61 conversion rate significantly more than expexted. Word to wise make sure when using points the the conversion rate is discussed. All in all room is okay two queen beds with the normal amenities.  Centrally located. If leboniess food is what you prefer, you found the right place. Bus lines and tube are just outside the door. Hop on hop off about 15 min down the street Marble Arch stop on Hyde Park. Hotel food expensive but if you inquire with the wait staff they will direct you to grand union just across the way. Nice pub with reasonable prices for breakfast and lunch not to mention happy hour food is excellent.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful location and nice facility,Hilton Metropole is close to Paddington station and several metro lines. It is very convenient to get around from this hotel. The interior of the hotel is modern and clean. We had a very pleasant stay here and will definitely recommend this hotel to others.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,be careful what room you get..,"AC didn't work, loud room by elevator, poor overall condition.  This is very typical of the older Hilton properties, they continue to charge high rates, but deliver sub-par accommodations.  Marriott is a better chain and more consistent in rooms, perks, and services",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay Elsewhere,"I stay at Hilton Hotels around the world many times every year. I'm a HHonors member and I am seldom disappointed. And then today I was subject to a dismal experience at the Hilton London Metropole. My wife & I arrived at 9:00 am after our overnight flight from the U.S. After waiting in a queue for well over 15 min. I was not surprised to hear the room was not ready. I fully expect this being a seasoned traveler. No problem. I was politely told that a room would be ready around noon. We were happy to go enjoy breakfast and spend a sunny morning in the park. We returned about 12:15 and once again waited over 15 min. In the queue only to find that the room was not ready, but should be ready by 1:30. At this point, we discover that the hotel, which is overcrowded with frustrated…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location but just okay overall ,"I am a Hilton honors member but they wouldn't give me free wifi in my room and wouldn't give me the access code to use it in the lobby until I came down to the reception desk and stood in a long line again to ask for it. Good location near Edgware road tube station on the circle line, not that interesting of a neighborhood to walk around in though. Kids enjoyed the pool. Would look elsewhere next time though because of how my Hilton honors membership was disregarded. ",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible service ,"We stayed for 5 nights and would not recommend this hotel. We were not greeted and found it very hard to get any service. Laundry hugely overpriced. Fridge would not open, was switched off. Fire alarms went off during the night twice one night, reception would not answer phone and went down to reception and were completely ignored and staff continually walked away from us. Never received email on check out with Invoice. Hotel is aimed towards business customers and not those on holiday. Would not stay again. ",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Break,Some time since we last stayed here and the hotel has benefited from the completion of some work being carried out at the time of our last visit Check in was very efficient and very courteous. One piece of information the receptionist gave us was not current during our stay. Breakfast in such a large hotel was somewhat chaotic. The breakfast was of good quality but by the time you made your selection from the buffet your breakfast was starting to cool and this was not helped by the plate warmers being inoperative during our stay. We were surprised that our room had not been serviced by mid afternoon when we returned to our room to get ready to go to the Hilton on Park Lane for dinner. The issue was quickly resolved by the housekeeping team. London hotels are inherently expensive…,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,First Class....a hotel that epitomises the Capital city!,"Big, Clean, Friendly, Porters with top hats and coat tails!!!!   Top quality hotel and accommodation, great food and close to tube stations.  Let down by poor air conditioning as non existent, the room was very hot and muggy due to not being able to open windows, it felt uncomfortable to sleep in.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great service, clean rooms",The hotel met our expectations in overall. The rooms were very clean and very spacious. The bars at the ground floor were friendly and cosy. The breakfast was good but nothing exceptional. Sometimes there was some queuing before being seated.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Promised rate on the phone, upcharges doubled the price.","We were bringing the family to visit while on business and needed 2 rooms; 1 double, and 1 family.  I was quoted £152 per room per night.  I called several times to change the reservation and could not get the one person who made the quote, the front desk could not find our reservation.  When we made it to the hotel, the reservation was found but the manager would not honor the quote for the second room (charged us £220 and added an upcharge of £70 each night for the children which were included in the original booking.)  When I brought it up, I was told I should be happy because I did not stay as long as originally quoted (I made it to the hotel 3 days before the cancelled period) and they could have charged me for the entire stay.  I was also told the person was the manager…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent hotel and staff very helpful,"I stayed here a few weeks ago for one night in a group of 14. The check in was a little slow but I think that's because there were so many rooms that we needed to be checked into. All of the rooms were on the same floor which was helpful and one member of the party has a phobia of lifts and walking the stairs was a bit of a challenge for her, so they had a member of staff help escort her up the stairs and to her room which was nice.  I had reserved an area for 20 people in the Whisky Lounge but when I asked about it they didn't have a record of my booking even though i had booked it weeks in advance. They quickly cleared it out and arranged some tables in the lounge for all of us. The waitresses were very helpful and were always taking our orders.  The rooms were quite small and…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good choice for family,"Staff friendly and approachable .we had an issue at check-in regarding double booking. Assistant front of house manager quickly had everything sorted, much to our relief. Rooms nice with good space. Very good 4 star hotel, would certainly recommend",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location if arriving into Paddington,"I stayed here in December for Christmas shopping and to visit Winter Wonderland in Hyde Park.  The hotel was a short walk from Paddington station so not too far to pull our cases!  The staff were very helpful, the room was spacious and clean.  The rooftop bar was a great setting but the staff didn't know how to make all of the cocktails on the menu or they didn't have all of the ingredients needed.  Breakfast was good, large variety and plenty of seating. Would stay again especially if arriving to the city by train.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,You pay for what you get.,The hotel lobby has recently been done up and looks great. So does the bar and breakfast area. The rest of the hotel could now use some of that love as well. The room was on the 13th floor of the Tower block. It had a great view. But was very small. I would not have liked to have more than one person in that room. Air Con worked and was not nosy. Would be nice to have use of fridge as a fridge and not as a mini bar. For the price I paid it was nice to have use of the pool and be in a central area. Just don't expect luxury size bedrooms.,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good choice for a family,"The hotel is large with thousands of guests, but all services are working perfectly. The breakfast lounge is crowded but still the staff is very well organized, polite and helpful and you can get a table quickly and the food is really good, great choice, everything fresh. The location is perfect, there are two tube stations nearby. The room is comfortable and clean, the beds are really good. We got a good deal for a family of four, the wifi was included in the price, so that was good. The only thing is that the lifts are busy all the time and sometimes you wait a bit longer even though there are five of them. But I would definitely go back.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton?,"I am not one to write bad reviews, but this hotel needs to be refurbished on the floor levels, the rooms are warn out, halls not good.  Lobby is nice, bar is nice. I got locked out of my room 3 times, had to change keys 3 times, and never mind the rest.  Sorry Hilton for this review. I saw someone wrote outdated, that is an understatement and I am a Hilton Diamond member.  And Diamond member service, I do not think they know that that is.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointed,"This hotel is awful, not only did I have dirty bedsheets and it took over an hour for them to assist us. Rude staff and no apology for the inconvenience! Made us pack our belongings so they could change our rooms to then tell us all rooms were fully booked and we would need to remain in the original room,Defiantly will not be coming back!!",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large hotel situated well for the tube,"I enjoyed my stay here after reading alot of negative reviews.   Whilst it may have taken longer to check in/out of this Hotel in comparison to my others stays this was not an issue and is to be expected for such a large hotel.   The room was large for London standards and situated well for tube access around the city and there is a Marks & Spencer's, several cafes, coffee shops and a pharmacy across the road.   The key to this hotel is don't expect any personal touches and you wont be dissapointed.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Location of the hotel is good; however, when I stayed there, there was some huge conference and the hotel was way too packed. There was barely any space to even stand in the lobby for 2 days. The room was also way too small. Passing space between the bed and the tv on the wall was so narrow I hit my arm on the edge of the tv set more than 3 times. Restaurant in the hotel serves pretty good food.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The hotel needs a make-over and is not worth 4 stars,"Our room was outdated; apparently there are refurbishments going on. I hope they will repair the curtain that couldn't be closed properly, and do something about the terrible colour scheme. The breakfast room was grotty; terrible carpets and I ordered fresh boiling water for tea, and twice (even after asking for it) it wasn't hot enough to brew a decent cuppa. The food itself was fine. The receptionist spoke with such a heavy accent that she could hardly make herself understood. She failed to give us information about breakfast vouchers. As we booked through an agency, in combination with an airline, we were apparently punished for staying at the Hilton by not providing us breakfast and free wifi, which is ridiculous, as the Hilton charges enormous fees for that. The elevators…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,wedding stay,we booked this hotel 10 months in advance for its close location to a wedding we were going to i wish i had never come across this hotel. we booked a triple family room and were given a twin room then they came with a camp bed and pushed all the beds together the bathroom had paint peeling it ruined our weekend away. stay away from this hotel go to a premier inn its 10 times better they said this was an upgrade would hate to think what our room would of been,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely welcoming comfortable stay.,"We arrived at the hotel about 45 mins before check in actually opened but we were checked in by a lovely friendly man who was so cheerful and pleasant. :)   We were given a Queen room which was on the 16th floor of the tower block room number 14, it was lovely they are currently under going renovation however this was hardly noticeable there was no noise that disturbed your sleep..   Our room was in a corner with a view of London with wemberley in the not so far distance on a night this was light up and a lovely view.  The room was spacious, clean and new, had everything you needed apart from a hairdryer which it did say on the website so check before you go, the room had plenty of storage space for clothes, and a fridge.  I would definitely stay here again, just a 10 min walk…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,This is the first time I have stayed at this Hotel and although I regularly use the Hilton brand Hotels I was not aware that this one existed.     It is in an excellent position for any visit to London  and in particular my visit to a concert at Hyde Park.    The hotel lived up to its normal high standards.    Excellent and I recommend it for all types of users.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful weekend,"Spent Friday and Saturday night here in an executive room which was very comfortable.  This came with complimentary use of the executive lounge, which was an added bonus with the snacks and drinks available.  Based on our itinerary, it would have been useful if the alcoholic beverages had been made available slightly earlier and if the lounge had stayed open later.  We hope to be back for future visits.  My only real complaints are that the hotel is so big (but didn't detract from the service) and that the bed was far too hard.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Metropole,"Great Hotel, located on Edgeware Road makes it easy to get around on tube. Close to shopping and easy to get to most sight seeing. Breakfast is great, rooms are good, though pricey. Restaurant is excellent and reasonable.  Little more expensive but if you want convenience and first class service this is a good choice.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,In need of a serious refurb!,"We stayed her for one night and chose it mainly due to location. The room we were offered originally was very tired looking, stains on bedspreads, windows filthy, bathroom dirty and looking onto an air conditioning unit. When we complained, we were given a 'deluxe room', unfortunately there wasn't much deluxe about it. It had a better view but very outdated compared to other Hilton hotels I have stayed at.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good business hotel stay - again,"Other than delays at check-in and check-out it is a very good hotel and offers all the services you can expect.  It is undergoing a refurb at the moment (July 2015) and should look more modern soon.  That said, the staff are helpful, the food is good and the overall ambience is a good balance that I would be happy spending more time in.  (Just booked another trip there so it cannot be that bad !!)",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay,"Nice Clean hotel ..pretty central ..Only problem I had was my Air-Con was not working , Reported it twice and still didn't fix it or offer a room change ..on one of the hottest days of the year ,The maintenance engineer could not fix it , Called the problem in and still did not get a room change…..On the bright side I lost 8kg in the heat of the room …lol",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Over night stay,Was really disappointed on arrival to be told that the king size room we booked wasent available however a 2 single bed room was and we could have breakfast for free was told why not push the beds together to make a double when entering our room we tryed go do this however with a unit being in the middle we couldn't we other being tired and only being here for 1 day we didn't want to waste our time complaining after having a busy lifestyle with having 2 children we was looking forward to some long over due together but unfortunately couldn't do this rooms are average stayed in better for the price when asked whether they do pancakes at breakfast was told no however they was doing omelettes so couldn't see the reason why ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible experience at Metropole,"After a 30 min checkin, asked for quiet room, was given one next to elevator.  Was then given a room that smelled of smoke.  Was then given a room where the keys didn't work. Internet needed re-logging in all the time. Nobody answered the phone when i called to try to change rooms. Had to call outside Hilton line and go down to desk to wait in long line.  Was eventually moved to another satisfactory room.  Overall a miserable experience despite the good location.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Skip this hotel at the moment.,"Used this Hilton for overnights before but the standard appears to have dropped. Renovations are ongoing and the hotel appears over-stretched with too many guests. My TV remote was not working and the repair was a long-winded and annoying process - it felt like I was phoning a Utilities company help-line, rather than the desk of a fairly expensive hotel. There are better and cheaper hotels in this area.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"When I read the reviews on this hotel, I was a bit apprehensive about booking, but I have to say, the negative comments are a bit over the top.  I thought this hotel was lovely. Check in was quick and easy. I had emailed beforehand to see if we could check in earlier than 3pm as we had a concert to go to, but they were unsure if they could accommodate us as it depended on how busy the hotel was. However, not only did they let us check in early, they also upgraded us free of charge.  The room was lovely (on the 20th floor). We were actually facing towards Wembley Stadium, which was where we were going to see Ed Sheeran.   Great location if you want to get to Wembley Stadium is it was only a few stops away on the tube from Edgeware Road tube station (Bakerloo).  When we returned…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,First time in London,"The hotel was very good all a services were handled first class. When we need assistance each employee went out of there way to assist us. even to the point of taking us a couple of blocks to make sure we found the proper eating establishment. The hotel is not located well for tourist. It is a good way out of the downtown tourist sites. The tube give you handy access, but a nuance.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Make sure to upgrade,This hotel is really big and the level of the rooms must vary a lot. It is a four star hotel and still our room was old and dirty with a view to a wall few meters away. Minibar was warm and even after two reclamations nobody came to fix or change it. Our room was in Tower section which is probably older part of the hotel. There's a new part of the hotel in the front of it which blocks probably 10 first floors of the Tower (we were on fifth floor).  We also experienced creepy fire alarm in the middle of the night which wasn't explained in any way later. People were on the streets with their night gowns but the hotel staff didn't make any explination later on! If you choose this hotel make sure you're at least in upper floors and pay a extra for upgraded room...we won't go back!!,Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,nice location,"for Europe a very large room, AC was not able to cool effectively, but was not hot in room either. bathroom suitable for 3 adults, beds comfortable and kept clean daily by staff. close to tube entrance and staff was helpful with activities and travel",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Adelina at reception is wonderful!,"Adelina made my trip-- her warmth and kindness and stellar service is such that I will never forget my experience at this hotel. She was so supportive and professional. I am a frequent international business travel, and I will never forget the Hilton Metropole because of her warmth and excellent serrvice.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business stay,"Well located hotel. It is rather huge with different wings. Make sure you get a renovated room, as it is outdated. My room smelled of cigarettes and they couldn't move me to another room as it was fully booked. A bit of a shame for a HH member. Haven't has the oppurtunity yet to dine at one of their restaurants.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
3889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful beds and unhelpful staff,"This hotel is a joke and the staff are rude, with zero customer service skills. Rooms in the tower are the worst ones to have. Seriously don't waste your money. good location that's about it. JOKE!!!.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Falling apart at the seams,"Over the last 3 weeks the fire alarm has gone off 5 time, each time a false alarm.  However you cannot take that risk and it's a long walk down the tower from the 10th floor!!  Last week's stay took the biscuit though - was given room 721 as a non-smoking room, having got to the room it reeked of smoke so back to the desk for another room.  This time a room on the 6th floor...which smelled, was really tatty (dirty carpets, stickers on the mini-bar shredded, bits of one of the headboards hanging off, etc.).  I was so tired that I couldn't face changing again so I stayed but wished I hadn't!.  During the night the aircon, which was set to its coolest, periodically blew warm air, and the pillows smelled even worse than the room.  I know they're undergoing refurbishment but that is…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Appalling rooms,"According to the receptionist I received a room upgrade to an executive room as I am a Gold Card member.  The standard of this room was appalling and fell far below the standards I have come to expect from the Hilton group.  the room was decidedly shabby, there was dirt clearly evident between the windows, the bathroom was of a very low standard and the fittings were loose as was a panel on the bathroom door.  If this room was an upgraded room I dread to think what a standard room would be like",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Regular Visitor,"Have used this Hotel for years and have always been highly satisfied, the staff are great and very friendly especially in the Executive Lounge. We have travelled as a couple and also used to take all the family at Christmas and they looked after us very well indeed",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
3893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average Hilton - Fantastic Staff,"This Hilton caters to conventions so it can be incredibly busy. Our 4 day stay was disappointing. Our first room had broken A/C and a leak somewhere around the bathroom. They moved us to a second room and the toilet was broken, but was fixed very quickly. The first day we were able to have bathrobes delivered to our room. Then for two days they ran out of bathrobes. On our last day we received bathrobes only because of help from a staff person in the Executive Lounge. Speaking of the Executive Lounge, it is in need of renovation, or at least some attention to detailed cleaning. If you are traveling with family, and if you have children under age 16, they are not welcome in the Executive Lounge after 5PM. When we arrived at 6PM and were told our duaghter could not come in, the…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"No sir, you may not have vinegar with your chips !!!","Hotel was generally nice, as you'd expect at these prices ! Supper was buffet style, and included little packets of fish and chips. These were very nice, but when I asked the staff for salt and vinegar, they looked dumfounded and pointed to the KETCHUP!!!    I'm sorry, but in my country (England) it's traditional to serve fish and chips with at least the option of salt and vinegar. I find it offensive that a hotel of this ilk would not recognise this...",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location,It is very convenience travel from Heathrow Airport to Paddington Station by taking Heathrow Express in 20 minutes. Hotel is near Big Bus Stop and Underground. Restaurants and Supermartkets are all around. Staffs are very helpful and polite.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"A really great place to stay at when you want excellent service, and near to Oxford street. The stuff was really kindly, and they helped us everytime we needed. Breakfast is is something to remember, and also the food at the restaturant. We had a family room on the 12´th floor, so we could looking out on London and enjoy the wiew.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst Hilton I stayed ever!,"This hotel should never worth the name ""HILTON""! Not to mention the rooms are old, I paid extra for an executive room and I cannot believe the view of my room is facing a hallway! The staff in the restaurants and house keeping are extremely unfriendly! The only greetings from the housekeeping staff is ""You are going to leave right?"". Wifi are not free and extremely slow. For those who want to treat yourself a good holiday, never stay in this hotel! I am quite sure you can find a hotel with much better service standard and rooms than this! This hotel really makes me putting Hilton to be the last of my list for my next trip.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This place is a dump!,"The rooms in this hotel are the worst that I have ever seen in a Hilton (I have stayed at maybe 50-60 Hiltons over the last few years, mostly in Europe and North America and am a long-time HiltonHonors gold member) - minuscule, worn, damaged and filthy dirty, in addition to having terrible beds and no working airconditioning.  As an added bonus, the hotel is very expensive.  Completely unacceptable.   Do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor on many fronts ,"We stayed here for one night last week. The double room looked more like a roadside Motel than a Hilton, and the aircon was faulty, so we were moved, to a twin room that was musty and equally bad decor, so we went to reception again and asked for a double room, and got quite a nice basic room. They are renovating, so soon the rooms will look better.  The pool area was basic and the water an odd colour. The female change room was very dirty.  The breakfast was very good. There was a note in the rooms about the renovations and possible noise between 9-5 M-F but it started at 7am and when we complained, we were comped our drinks bill, and we're told we would receive an email from the Customer Service Manager, but they haven't bothered to contact us. My advice would be stay…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel with great location.,"Very nice and clean hotel. Excellent staff and restaurant was great. Location was perfect, right across from Edgeware Road tube station and a 5 min walk to Paddington Station for the Heathrow Express. Unfortunately I was there during a heat wave and the Air conditioning was able to keep up!",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,my experience,"Just came back from a short weekend in London where i Stayed in this hotel. the location of this hotel is perfect, the rooms are clean, the service is good. the problem was with the sleeping quality. after they changed the room they gave me, since I asked for a two single and recieved a one king bed room, i was embarssed to complain again. the room we recieved was with two matresses that felt like two playground sliders.. hope those matresses will be changed in the really near future. other then that, my experince was very good.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,"Marks & Spencer in front, the sub behind, all sortes of shops arouns. Paddington station three blocks around. The concierge, Mr. Matarazzo is great! Very good breakfast. Very big hotel. Very big rooms.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staff were very helpful but pool was major let down,Stayed here recently with my children and had also previously stayed. This is a big hotel and it can seem pretty busy with some long walks from reception to the rooms. Plus points were the staff and the executive lounge which is well set up. Main down side is the pool - and I should have learned my lesson from previous visit. I stayed here because the children wanted to use the pool. However the pool is always crowded and also never seems clean. I am sure it is as they wouldn't be allowed to have it not up to standard but you can't see the bottom of the pool at 4feet. Overall I think I have learned a lesson and won't return. ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole,"We stayed one night whilst visiting London. On arrival the hotel was very busy, a few hiccups at check in but soon sorted, the receptionist was very friendly. Unfortunately we were given one of the unrefurbished rooms, they are very dated and definitely in need of a make over. We had planned to have a drink in the bar at the top of the hotel but it was closed, no explanation given.  We had a good nights sleep and the bed was comfortable. Breakfast was very good with the usual self serve choices. On checking out there was a very long queue for the luggage storage but the guy in charge (very overworked!) was pleasant and cheery. Overall the hotel is in a good location but I would have to be in a refurbished room for me to consider staying again.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfekt!,"Stayed here for five days in June.  We hadde a great time! Huge and quiet familyroom at 12 th floor.  The breakfast was really great, special thanks to Francesca for taking really good care of us! The location is great in central London.We hope to  come back soon. ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Decent, but no electronics","I'm Hilton frequent member, so have stayed at many.  Good location and typical small old room found in London is worth rate.  But WiFi and TV service are a joke in the Tower.  WiFi logs you off every 5 min, and so slow pages time out.  Normally don't care about TV, channels transmit video, but audio pure static just to remind one you need to here about stuff you can no longer get on the web due to Wifi.  Called ""magic"" button (desk) about issues, placating, but no help, even for 4 day stay.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
3907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice, basic Hilton, catering to business and conference attendees",Nice hotel off Edgware tube stop. A lot of Middle Eastern restaurants within one mile radius. Breakfast buffet is an additional 12 euros. Across the street is a M&S grocer that offers a wide array of prepared foods. Very hard beds. This is really a business traveler and conference hotel. ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Satisfactory,"I stayed for three nights, June 4-7, 2015.  The rooms were fairly clean and the staff was very friendly.  The only issues I had were that the gift shop where you buy forgotten toiletries was almost never open during the hours it was scheduled to be open.  Also, I called the Magic line (their guest services line) multiple times during the trip and no one ever answered.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Run down rooms, lovely staff","If you like middle eastern food then this is a great neighborhood for you.  The restaurants are very limited in this area, and if you want to eat outside the restaurant you will have to travel away.  That being said the lebanase food is delicious.  The room was smallish with 2 queens and when they brought a rolling bed in for our daughter we could barely move around,  it is not a hotel for families.  Unless you book 2 separate rooms, they don't have connecting rooms.   The pool is small and the water murky.  The hotel staff are lovely and the food in the sports bar was very good.   The rooms are pretty run down and the ice machine on our floor was out of service. Our room was not serviced one day and I was told it was because we didn't call down and request it, ridiculous!!!!  I…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice vacation,"Stayed at the hotel for 6 days. Everything was just great. Although the hotel is very busy , you still feel that your taken care of. Staff meet you with a greeting smile and are always willing to help. Do not miss breakfast, it is full of varieties that you can not try it all in one day. I beleive they have the best concierge desk . I have ever met. You will not be lost. Rooms are very comfortable and well cleaned. The hotel is next to all areas of transportation walking distance from Oxford street. Great location .",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Acceptable only,"We have two separate stays. First we are in West Wing Superior room top floor 14/F. Room is clean. Location is convenient, two Edgware Rd stations next door, Paddington Railway station within 10min walking distance. But we found the toilet design is outdated, but can't complain as it is not a new property. Not acceptable is the shower which is very weak, we bring to the hotel attention but nothing they can do immediately. We just grind it out for the few days. The mattress is another no-no, the springs are not good and supportive, you are like sleeping on a boat if you move or roll over. My second stay was 5 days later, on 12/F this time, the shower is better but just barely, the mattress is the same. It was quite tiring in fact after sleeping a few nights there.  Wifi is slow…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok,"I stayed here for eight nights in June of 2013. My friend had a conference there and thought that the meeting facilities were adequate. The hotel was ok, not great, just ok. Our room was small, but I guess that's to be expected in London. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom was a little small, but doable. There was a nice desk area with plenty of space in the room. The lounge got crowded in the afternoon with people trying to use the wifi. The wifi was a little slow and dropped out off and on. The executive lounge was very convenient and had a nice selection of snacks and drinks. There is an indoor pool that is ok, but not very inviting. The hotel's location is nice because it's right across the street from the tube. There are several ethnic restaurants and a pub nearby.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"Visited whilst attending event. Welcoming check in at reception was excellent with very informative details about hotel. Room in need of refurbishment but more than adequate and very clean. Breakfast was extremely busy but staff were still  cheerful, courteous and very helpful.  The range of menu was extensive and of good quality. Food at diner was very good. Waiter very attentive. Would def return.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better hotels for much less money ,"Bit late with review but thought I'd get my point across that with this hotel your purely paying for the name. Staff were rude and unhelpful I booked s double room only to be told there were none available so I would have to have a room with 2 single beds.. I kick up a fuss and as if like magic a double room becomes available. Location is probably the only plus point as just across the road from tube station.. Do yourself a favour and book a different hotel don't just pay for the ""HILTON"" name.  ",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
3915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible service,"Only stayed one night for a function but booked months before. Took 20 minutes to get booked in only to find that the room which was supposed to be ready at 3pm wasn't until 345pm. The room itself was small and the bathroom too was shabby with paint peeling off the bath panel; the wash basin was in the middle of a lump of marble and very inconvenient to use. The breakfast room was very complicated and had tables pushed together so that a bump appeared which beverages spilled over!  For an expensive hotel, it's too impersonal and I wouldn't go there again if they paid me!",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,first time in London and not what sure to expect,We were on an organized tour with Globus and this was the hotel we stayed in for our 2 nights in London.    Our check in was easy and room was clean but we were placed in what must be a business man's room with a desk that took up most of what little room you had.  Air conditioning did at least work and kept us cool.  We knew to expect small rooms  and bathrooms on this trip but at least it was very clean.  Wifi is not free in the rooms  only in the lobby area which was very slow connection.  We did have a drink on afternoon at the bar and the staff there were very friendly and helpful  Did not care much for this location.  Not a whole lot of places to eat in this area and since we had never been here before  did not want to branch out too far from our hotel.   We did find a pub…,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A little disappointed overall,"We had a few issues whilst staying at this hotel, but will also highlight the positives, not just the negatives.   Our king double room turned out to be 2 single beds pushed together, with 2 single duvets. The room was rather tired and old in style and decor. A splash of colour and new bathroom fixtures could change this tho. When we spoke to reception about this, we were offered either an upgrade or free breakfast,  so can't fault the customer service.   The staff on reception,  in the bar and in the restaurant were all polite and friendly.  Little touches like other staff greeting you around the hotel could make the customer experience better ( as other hotels nearby do, even cleaners say good morning).   Our friends had similar problems with their rooms, but good customer…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A disappointing visit,"Not to expected standard.  Second day room not cleaned by 3.p.m.  Domestic lady displeased when  asked to clean it    Hated the breakfast service.  Staff charming, but awful  food,   Third day used Executive Lounge facility; selection poor; no  attempt to fill up emptied dishes!!   The worst Hilton we have used.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel,My wife and I spent six nights June 20-26 and had a superb experience. The breakfast had all you can ask for plus more. The rooms are clean and the lobby is modern and immaculate. The train (London Tube) and supermarket were across the street from the hotel. Highly recommend.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
3920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hope the renovation helps this place!,"My husband had a business trip here so we were required to stay here, so we didn't pick this place on our own. First room was so so tiny we could barely turn around and no room for our luggage. Got moved to a bigger room that smelled like fish (even after spraying half of my travel bottle of Febreeze). Near-constant drilling and hammering for the renovation they're working on. Not many decent restaurants around, but at least was very close to a Metro station so convenient to get to everywhere else in the city.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,You Just Never Know when booking with Travelocity--pleasantly surprised...,"After a VERY long trip we walked up Praed to out hotel not knowing what awaited us. We were checked in promptly by a very congenial young man. Our room was on the 9th floor with a view of Edgmore Road and it was a beautiful day. Two twin beds that were comfortable and clean. They could up their game on pillows though!  Just a short walk on Edgware and you are at Hyde Park and the cliche, ""It's all about the journey"" applies here. Fruit stands and middle eastern restaurants and hookah bars everywhere. Colorful and diverse you could hear many different languages floating in the air.  Just across the street a fantastic patisserie. Grab a pastry and head back to your room. We would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok but not the wow hilton standard,Stayed here on business for one night..when we found out its was a hilton we were so pleased..from the customer service point of view..excellant but just feel the room need some upgrading to the standard of the rest of the hotel.we stayed on 11th floor and room was shall i say compack.  Breakfast was busy but very pleasant staff.  Would reccommend this hotel purely for location from paddington and the main areas in the hotel.  Just needs a little tlc in the rooms to make it to the wow. ,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
3923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Second Class Treatment,Just checked in today (July 3rd) after booking through Hotwire and was charged £60 at check in without warning when I booked. They room is two single beds in the dungeon of the hotel. They clearly have different classes for their customers depending on how and where you book.,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
3924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Great 7 Day Stay at the Hilton Metropole London,We recently made the Hilton London Metropole our home for  seven nights! It was very comfortable! I had contacted the hotel prior to our visit and made requests for upgrades as it was a celebration of my husband's birthday! We were given access to the Executive Lounge and WiFi for the full extent of our visit. Sanders was exceptionally helpful and Ashlee orchestrated our requests and followed up to make sure we were happy with our accommodations!,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Its a big working machine,"It is huge! Guests and staff everywhere. Clean nice room in the west wing, not small not big, you get what you psy for. Its like you been here before.  Pool area is a bit small and crowded.  Rest of the hotel is nice enough, personel was very nice and helpfull.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Visit,"Location- very close to edgware road stations, paddington and st pancras.Very convenient to get to major tourist attractions using the tube.Rooms spacious and maintained very well. Very close to Mark& Spenser ( just in case you forget things) and Mcdonalds close by ( for those with kids).",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,We can't wait to come back ,"We stayed at this hotel for 8 nights and every experience with staff and service was superb. The concierge sent us to excellent restaurants, the breakfast in the Fiamma restaurant was delicious, fresh and efficient. The staff was so nice at every turn.  We can't say enough about how perfect this hotel was for our trip. The location was great too, very close to 2 tube stations, the rooms were comfortable and the cappuccinos were great. Just can't say enough good things. ",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely trip,"The staff were friendly, nice hotel although refurbishment going on but was not disturbed , good location for visiting the sights good connections.but no explanation about thirty pound deposit just asked for a credit card thing this should be explained better  breakfast was good plenty choice and fresh.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"Car park showing full when I arrived, I had to tell reception it was half empty - not a good start. Booked in on line as requested only to be told I had to do it again in the hotel oh and they had changed the room I'd selected. Great room on the 8th floor good views excellent air con would have been nice to have a key to go out on the balcony. Stayed 2 nights first day they didn't clean the room till after 2 in the afternoon, second day they were knocking on the door at 08.30 I was trying to have a lie in. Pool always full of kids, but executive lounge services great. Far to big a hotel for me major conferences and large groups, however I always found a quiet corner. Didn't eat in the hotel, Loads & Loads of small local restaurants around.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"I have just returned from an over night stay at the Hilton metropole, and I found this hotel to be clean and tidy and very attentive staff. I could not ask for more helpful people. The hotel is getting revamped and the foyer and ground flaw and really nicely decorated. My room was clean and pleasant looking, but could do with decorating as we found the room quite dark, not enough lighting for getting for our night out. The restaurant for breakfast was first class and the food was very nice indeed, so overall a very good hotel to stay in, and excellent for the tube.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
3931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole,"I have been in London very recently for a business trip and I stayed in Hilton Metropole in Padington near Edgeware Road Tube station. I had stayed several Hilton Hotels all over the world, but this Hilton set up is really very poort in terms of service, cleanliness and overall value to money. In the toilet there were broken handles for towels which was not fixed during my 5 days of stay. Room cleaning service did not refill tea bags, milk packets or suger packets even if they clean room everyday. There are stinking smell all over the room ( 8th floor ) and rooms are cramy, small. Front Desk service is alsno very customer friendly. Only positive about this hotel is it is near to Padington and Edgeware Road Tube stations. and there are lot of eateries and restaurants nearby.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Typical City Hilton,"Stayed for one night on business. Room was comfortable, adequate bathroom. Breakfast was typica buffet style but food quality poor. The service was excellent. Had lunch and agiain food not up to the mark.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A huge hotel undergoing refurbishment,"We stayed at the Hilton Metropole for four nights at the end of June.  The hotel is enormous and it was very busy during our stay.  We had to wait quite a long time to check in but once we got our keys we quickly got to our room in the west wing.  The room was clean and very comfortable.  Our only complaint would be that the water pressure for the shower was very weak, it was difficult to wash under such a low pressure shower.  Also the Internet service was a little spotty - we found that we had to keep logging in because we would be disconnected every few minutes. The hotel is undergoing refurbishment but the work did not affect our stay.  Our rate included breakfast which was really good with plenty of options - yes it was busy, but we did not have to wait long to be seated at…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Metropole,"Excellent hotel. Fantastic conference facilities for the largest enterprise level events, Rooms are of a great standard, spacious and big beds. Food is excellent with its own shops, facilities over a vast site very close to Edgware Road and Paddington stations.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average at best ,"Stayed here a couple of times. Good location near Paddington and Hyde Park if you are a runner. A good buffet in the morning for breakfast, but the rooms are rather small. Nice staff, good location, and if you're only in town for a night it's a go!",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large Corporate Hotel,"Can't really complain, if you like large corporate hotels. Staff friendly enough but everything a bit impersonal. The rooms where clean and the food was good. Good location for the West of London and I'm sure it's perfect for business people.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
3937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good business hotel,"hotel overall needs an overhaul, but location near Paddington Station and within walking distance to Mayfair is excellent. Quality of service is excellent as well and not always found likewise in London.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good for Families,Hotel was comfortable for the 4 of us. The bed was comfy though a bit high for me. Don't like the fridge cause the items in the fridge will be charged if removed. Hence we can't place our items! The best is its location - near the Edgeware tube station.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"I came to this hotel for my wedding anniversary. We had our anniversary dinner  at the restaurant and it was an enjoyable evening. The food was mouth watering and very tasty; being a food lover I enjoyed my steak which was well cooked and tasted amazing. we had a fantastic Breakfast which was beyond this world with so many things to choose from, we were spoilt for choice. The breakfast chef wow made my omelette was amazing and very friendly",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Property,Hilton Metropole is a good property. 10 min walk to Marble Arch. The rooms are slightly small but very comfortable. The staff is very helpful and courteous. Amazing restaurants and Hookah bars on walk able distance. Good wifi speed. Overall it was a good experience.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Massive hotel, great location, poor maintenance/housekeeping","This was my second stay at Metropole. Grossly overpriced for the price you pay. Rooms are old, furnitures basic and old. Carpets stained. Nothing that's alarming, but then for a full price Hilton, this is not what you expect. Any service you expect from housekeeping, you have to call them twice to remind them. E.g. the laundry bags were never replenished in my cupboards in spite of using the laundry regularly. Everytime, one has to call them to get those bags. The Exec lounge is just too small for the whole hotel to accommodate. If you ask whether I will come back, if on a office trip yes, to gather the points and location. But never for leisure/personal trip.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Bit Too Busy,"We were booked in here as the start of a Globus tour. The room was not ready and we had to wait around in the coffee shop bar for an hour. Reception said they would call us but never did. We finally got into our room which was on a high floor at the far end of the building well away from reception, bar, restaurant. The room was ok but pretty basic and it looked tired. Air conditioning did not work very well and the window did not open. No wifi in room- we had to go to the downstairs lounge to get coverage. The bed was comfortable. Breakfast was included in the room rate and was very good with lots of fresh fruit, cereals, juices and full hot breakfast items. This hotel is just too busy to have an enjoyable stay. Its like being in a train station. Queues for everything.…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Organisational desaster,"Positive: very good bed restaurant and bar  Negative: wrong bookings, key cards not working, unvoluntary check out! pool and fitness area far too small, disgusting smell depending of the room partly very noisy problems with cleanliness (no fresh linen on bed, bathroom with hairs), according to staff known problem on floor 4. access denied to executive lounge although executive room booked. same booking for ca 15 people, different prices and rooms. chaotic. For a longer stay I would definitely choose another hotel.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Can't believe this is a Hilton,"Luckily I wasn't paying for the room, or I would have been screaming for a refund as soon as I got there.  And frankly if I had realised how bad the bed was before 23:30, I would have just found somewhere else to stay.  I stay in many Hiltons and can't believe this place is one of their big London locations. The room was very old and in need of repair.  The ""cooling"" just a big built in fan which was useless, the TV was quite new but the system it's connected to didn't work properly and the fridge didn't work.  I was only there for one night and didn't need the TV or fridge but you still expect them to be available. Then the fun really started.  Fire alarm went off around 22:00 so I was a good citizen and raced down the back escape stairs.  It turns out that I was there before…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A+++,"No complaints at all about the Hilton Metropole, great place to stay, easily accessible from airports and close to tube stations.  Breakfast buffet awesome start to a day of touring London sights.  Close to a drug store and a grocery store for those things you may have forgotten.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,great facilities and location shame about the room!,"I stayed here with friends on a weekend trip to london.  Got a great deal on the room rate last minute.  Didn't book breakfast as £20 a head seemed a bit steep.  Also be aware you have to pay a £30 deposit per room whilst there which wasn't made clear at point of booking.   The location was great, jut across the road from edgware road tube.  The foyer, bar and downstair facilities have been done up and look great, clean, modern etc.  Staff at checkin and out very efficient and polite.   The room we had was tower wing.  A reasonable size and adequately equipped.  Huge TV, fridge, hairdryer, iron and board.  The decor was very dated and worn looking.  The room was a non smoking room however there was a strong smell of stale smoke, the white paint work was yellowed and the curtains…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"What A Dump, What A Rip Off","We had tickets to see The Who in Hyde Park (brilliant gig) and thought we would treat ourselves by booking a decent hotel for the night. Having stayed in several Hilton hotels around the world with no problems the Metropole seemed a good choice. We pre booked direct in advance and were offered a possible upgrade on arrival at a discount. We paid £204 initially and a further £30 for the upgrade to Executive on arrival. The concert started at 2 pm but we could not check in until 3 pm, so we basically threw our bags in the room and rushed off to the park. Upon returning we noticed the room was in pretty poor condition. The furniture was out dated, scratched and tatty. The bed base resembled an old pallet and had been poorly repaired with a variety of screws. It creaked and groaned…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Upper Floor with good view,we stayed at the highest floor with a very good view room. The size of room considers  big in London. We also got the free wifi during our 2 nights stay. The breakfast was superb with variety choices. The location is just a block away from subway. I will probably stay here again for next trip.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
3949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful don't stay here,I am a hospital consultant staying here with my wife whilst on a conference. I booked through Hotels.com but the price was exactly the same as the price quoted through Hilton themselves. I arrived at 9pm but had given them fare warning that this is when I was going to arrive. Checked in by Sonya who informed me that even though I had booked a King Room one was not available and that I would have to have a queen room with exchange of room the following night. No apologies but an offer of free breakfast the next morning (we were fasting muslims so were not interested). She told me it was not her fault but the hotels. She kept disappearing off to the office around the back to talk to the manager who didn't even have the courtesy to come and tell us himself of the mistake they made.…,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Buzzing  Atmosphere near to the West End,I booked in here with 2 colleagues at the last minute and got a very good room rate. The rooms are well appointed albeit a little cramped for space. The hotel is well situated for shopping in Oxford Street and for a wide selection of Middle Eastern restaurants. The tube is 5 minutes' walk and taxis are a doddle to flag down. The breakfast is excellent with a wide selection of food for all tastes.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"I visited London with my family in April for a week. The hotel is clean, the family room in the western wing was spacious and had lovely view. I strongly recommend it for families of 5 as this is one of the very few hotels in London that can accommodate a family of five comfortably in one room. The connection to the centre is highly convenient with the tube line just 100 metres away and Marble Arch 10 minute walk. ",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice in a central location,"This place is huge and catered to a family getaway.  Rooms are comfy and have all the necessary amenities.   wifi is free,  but a little slow.  Easy walk to paddington station and nearby London attractions.  Lots of restaurants and coffee shops nearby.  Highly recommended.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Break/Stay in London,"A nice hotel, but experienced the inconvenience of construction work. We were woken up as early as 7.30am including the weekend. Did eventually report to staff who were generally helpful. However the hotel was clean and tidy and is in a good location to travelling around London on the underground.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Stayed two nights while on business trip. Very friendly and good service. Had dinner in the restaurant one evening, and the food and service was very good. Slept very well. Room was large, quiet and nice.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant stay at Hilton Metropole,"The Hilton Metropole was excellent, I only stayed for one night and the service was brilliant.  We arrived a couple of hours earlier than our check in time but were able to go to our room to straight away with no problems.  The location is great, only a 10/15 minute walk to Oxford street and there's a tube station right across the road. The staff in the hotel were friendly and helpful and the facilities were great, the breakfast provided was top quality with lots of variety. I would definitely visit again. ",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Construction Hell,"Check in was good- they were able to get us in to our room early. Room was fine (a little rough around the edges but not horrible). We arrived mid-day and were happy at the thought of taking a nap after our long overseas flight. WRONG. major construction happening in the room next to and above us. I understand that construction needs to occur to update rooms, so I let it go... it is during working hours after all. It would've been nice to have been notified of this. Their response was that it's on their website. Sorry... missed that apparently. I think they should tell us at check-in too. The next morning the loud heavy footsteps started around 7:30... but the construction didn't start until 8, so they were still in their ""working hours."" Brought some breakfast back to the room…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Welcome,"A very large and very busy hotel in central London. The hotel is undergoing an extensive refurbishment with very nice results.The location is very central with Edgeware Rd tube station directly across the road and a ten minute walk to Marble Arch and Oxford St shopping area. Online check in is available and this speeds up the process, public areas are very nice with a decent bar with reasonable prices for London.The rooms a very nice and clean and functional, the bathroom slightly dated.The breakfast choice was really good with friendly and efficient staff. Overall this hotel offers good service at a reasonable price and is worth checking out if staying in London.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice upgraded Lobby, quicker service, Friendly staff","A few hundred meters from Paddington- Heathrow express and in Front of Edgeware road underground this huge Hilton stands apart. Nicer upgraded Lobby and more people to serve check-in patrons (as against in the past where it took ages), makes the process of checking in out easy. Convenient for business, leisure, family activities as it is close to Two major subway stations, buses. Great restaurants around. And enjoy ethnic London right out side. Few minutes walk and you are in Marble Arch, Oxford street.  Before booking insist on making sure that there is no big convention as this is a convention Hotel. during convention sadly, a standard customer is very well Neglected. Many rooms are upgraded now, and few more to go I suppose.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Metropole,"Great location, but be prepared for slow internet access.  If you stay in the west wing, there's no easy way to get to the fitness center; you have to walk down to the lobby in your gym clothes to take another set of elevators to get there.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend shopping/ sughtseeing in London,"Hotel was well placed for both tube/ walking. The room (twin) was small but very comfortable. The common areas of the hotel were impressive (although building works ongoing when we were there) but the room and upstairs corridors were a bit shabby and could do with a lack of paint/ touch up.  That said, the service was great, the breakfasts were great, it was quieter at night than other hotels have been. The gym was small for such a large hotel, but adequate for the traveller's requirements (!). There were a lot of North African/ middle-eastern type eating places all around if you wanted to eat locally. Overall, we were really pleased with our choice.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what I expected for a Hilton!!,"Stayed here for one night with friends who had booked for all of us. Booking friend advised the hotel that they had a small baby prior to arrival but the hotel forgot this, thankfully a cot was found, first complaint and they were upgraded to a bigger room. He also made sure we all had king deluxe rooms, our king bed turned out to be two single beds pushed together, second complaint which resulted in us getting a free breakfast. Third complaint is a general one, the hotel is dated and the beige decor was a cracking throw back to the 1970's. I've also never stayed anywhere which has a sensor in the in room mini bar, one slight movement of any item and you will be charged. The sign warning customers of this was inside the fridge at the back of the top shelf, not a great place for…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellently located for connectivity,"Located at the junction of Praed Street and Edgware Road in London, HLM has refurbished rooms (some, works ongoing ). The Underground station is just 300m away, next to a medium Marks & Spencer. It's also a short walk away from Paddington Station which connects you to Heathrow and other rail services.  The breakfast buffet is good, and has some halal items like sausages and meat cuts.  Rooms are fair sized, although bathrooms can be a tad tight.  Overall, it's a hotel with good location and good services.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice spot in great location,Staying here for two nights as part of a travel package.  Hotel is very nice and clean and front desk staff has been extremely helpful and friendly.  Hotel provided complimentary room upgrade from what my travel package provided.  Convenient location to the underground makes getting around easy.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business trip,"Stayed at this hotel for one night and used the conference facilities the following day, I was not disappointed, very well organised all of the hotel keys were ready for us when we arrived (very late!), the room was very spacious, well presented and the bed/pillows very comfortable, I went out like a light. We had a separate check out and once again plenty of staff, concierge took our bags and returned them quickly which is always a bonus! The following day we had breakfast at the conference area which was very enjoyable, everything marked for those with allergies, plenty of staff too. Also tea/coffee there were plenty of staff to assist. Conference facilities were excellent we were well catered for and looked after. Lunch was in the restaurant and no complaints again, staff on…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Location top, rooms flop","Good location near Paddington, very friendly at the front desk, nice bar and good restaurants in house, but the room reminds me of a room from the 70's in Moscow. Super breakfast and lot of restaurants and bars around.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Under construction,"This is a full service hotel. It offers conference meeting rooms, a gift shop, swimming pool, on-site restaurant, full bar,  concierge, reception agents who speak multiple languages, and much more.  Unfortunately, I could only give them three stars. This hotel is under renovation efforts and construction works can be heard after 8am. Banging, drilling, and pipes rattling may ruin your rest if you are a day sleeper or like me arriving from an international flight and plan to sleep till 4pm GMT (11am East coast time).   To the hotel's credit they made me aware of a quieter location but I was still awoken. The furnishings are a bit dated but my room was spacious. Mold can be seen on the bathroom ceiling having been painted over conspicuously but regrowing through the last layer. …",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice large Hilton property near Hyde Park,"Used points for last destination of Brussels-Paris-London tour.  Great modern facilities, very convenient to Edgeware Tube stop and St Pancras train station.  Front desk concierge very helpful, provided good local dining options.  Hotel was very busy with conventioneers. Great room, wonderful beds.  New favorite Costa Coffee right down the street.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It's all great but....,"I Always have a good stay here.its perfectly positioned where ur want be if ur looking at hotels in the Marble Arch /Edgware road and hide park area. Your close to oxford street / Bond Street /Hyde park and ur right next to a large selection of restaurants offering good food.  It's not without its minor faults however if there's a problem ever it's usually resolved quickly.The rooms are better value than many hotels in the area.I once left my sons jacket and some important paper work last year,realised while boarding a plane at Heathrow,called them and the manager forwarded the items registered delivery for next day :) . On other time the taxi was late to pick us up on another trip /day  so the manager insisted on us waiting for a minute while he rushed one of the staff to get…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,city trip to London,"Stayed at this hotel for two nights, it was a nice hotel, looks very fancy and probably is. Room was great, nice view, and amazing breakfast every morning. Close to Oxford street with the subway. The hotel is also surrounded by shops and food places.  We had a nice stay, if your looking for a hotel in London but not in the middle of a busy street than this is a good one.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
3970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fab Hotel,"We had a fab family weekend here, great hotel, lovely bed rooms, great friendly staff, Super breakfast everything you can think of was laid out here, also super al a carte restaurant great. Hilton you have got me hooked if all your hotels score as good as this I will look no further.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London weekend,Spent last weekend in this hotel despite advice it was undergoing refurbishment.It wasn't a good decision since there was a lot of noise going on and evidence of construction work.Hotel rate was on the high side so it wasn't value for money.Only positive point was the hotel is centrally located with good bus connection to shopping areas.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Old hotel that is feeling sad,"This is a large London hotel and is filled with a very diverse mixture of residents, from business, to conference to leisure travellers.  To be frank, if you are staying here on holiday you have really made a mistake: it is not a very good hotel, it does not give an impression of England and it is not in the right place.  I stayed in the ""Tower"".  Perhaps it is aimed at being from the same era as the Tower of London, it certainly needed a refurb - which incidentally is going on.  I guess that since the Tower is being refurbed I should avoid commenting on the 1970s decor, bathroom fittings.  I will mention the lifts.... you should note that the Tower is not very big and the lifts run up the middle (not surprising), so from most of the rooms you can heard the sound of ruching air…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Adequate, but only if you want to spend loads","This hotel was booked through Expedia.  Please be aware, Wifi will cost you 15 pounds per day, which a the current exchange rate sits about $24.  go across the street to the pub, have a pint and enjoy free wifi there.  $24/day was a bit steep, it was cheaper to upgrade my mobile plan.   Upon check in, were were told out room was in the west wing.  I arrived in a knee brace from a recent injury and was horrified to find that it was a pretty decent walk to the front doors.  there were doors by the west wing but were never open and unlocked. Our room was also on the far end of the hallway from the elevator.   We were ""charged"" for items from the mini bar simply because they were moved in the fridge,  and 2 local phone calls cost me about $10(for a total of about 4 minutes).  …",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"I had read reviews prior to going but now confused as to why so many negative comments. My experience of the hotel was very positive - our room was fantastic with a window and view which could only impress. The room was large, clean and with everything you would need eg safe, tea/coffee, iron, hairdryer etc. Only downside was for price of room breakfast should have been included - an additional £18 for breakfast seemed too dear and we didn't pay it. Hotel location is central enough. Overall hotel was lovely.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I can't believe this is a hilton,"I couldn't be less happy with my experience. Everything was bad. the service, the room and attitudes. Avoid this place at all costs. the location was fine. i waited an extra hour and a half to get my room. no one seemed to care. i also had spiders in my bed...",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
3976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Congress in London,"We stayed 3 nights last week and was disappointed from the start. It was a smoke free floor but the rooms smelled of smoke. The aircon was not working and the first night was unbearably hot. The bed was comfortable but when we pulled the linen back we were horrified with the stains on the mattress protector and the mattress. The manager offered us a new room but as we were unpacked we settled for aircon repair and clean linen. The breakfasts were adequate, not great. We had dinner in the pub one night and the food was good. Overall this Hilton is not up to scratch. They are upgrading and must say I think it needs it. ",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK but would not return,Hotel was handy for us as it's near Paddington Station as were flying in and out of  Heathrow. Alarge hotel and busy but not crowed as such. If you don't eat in the hotel restaurants in vacinty mainly Indian/Middle Eastern/Hahal  We are not into that - managed to source nice Italian called Zozo up the street.   Back to Bloomsbury next time  Nicer location,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient for getting around town but a bit impersonal,"Stayed at the Hilton Metropole, Edgware Road, London for 3 nights on a girlie weekend in June.  Although very busy, check-in was fine and the member of staff who dealt with us was lovely.  As the booking was made by our husbands (two of whom had a Gold and a Diamond Hilton loyalty card) the receptionist arranged for us to have two upgraded twin rooms plus use of the Executive lounge for free breakfast, snack and drinks.  I stayed in Room 796 in the West Wing which had two double beds, ample hanging space and drawers.  It was a light and airy room with a room safe, ironing board and iron, large TV, clock radio, hairdryer, mini fridge, air con and free Wi-Fi.  There was a large desk area and ample room to set down your cases.  It had a modern bathroom with shower over the bath,…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Paper thin walls, paper through doors.","There is some work going on here at the moment and from what I can see the hotel will look great after its facelift.  The room I had was quite tired but adequate in size. The walls however are paper thin not helping was the adjoining door in my room. I could hear ever Word, text arrive and sneeze.  Must have been the worst night sleep in an hotel for years.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Decent enough, good location","Stayed here for 2 nights on a family weekend. The hotel is well located, a two minute walk from Edgware Road tube and various buses. A 15/20 min walk and you are at Marble Arch, Hyde Park etc. There are plenty of options nearby if you need a coffee or a bite to eat with Starbucks, Pret, Costa, Patisserie Valerie and M&S all 2 minutes away.  The hotel has different wings, the one we were in was the West Wing. Probably worth noting that the lifts are not particularly quick so build that into any timescales you might have. The room was nice enough. We were on the 10th floor with a great view. Two double beds, TV, iron, air con etc., and all very clean. We didn't have dinner in the hotel, just breakfast which was buffet style but good quality. There was a good selection of…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A cracking stay!,"This hotel was fantastic. The rooms were lovely and clean, well attired and plenty of amenities on hand. The hotel itself was lovely, reminded me of Las Vegas hotels! Big and spacious, with some nice bars and services.  Kris, who was working a night shift on the front desk, was incredible. He was so friendly and took the time to get to know us and chatted to us. He was so friendly and welcoming, doing everything he could to make sure that we were comfortable! I hope that he gets the recognition he deserves from the management. A great stay and I will come back. It's so nice to have staff go the extra mile to make you comfortable. Breakfast was also really delicious! Lots of choices of pastries, eggs, fruit, cereals, cheese, ham and other hot options! They even had waffles and…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,For the mass market,There is nothing very appealing about this hotel it is very large usually crowded but does the job as standard but adequate accommodation. It has an executive lounge but it is seriously overcrowded and serves terrible snacks and even worse wine. Although not that cheap most of the time it seems to attract the crowds maybe because it well placed in terms of being within easy walking distance of Paddington station and therefore Heathrow and also very close to Edgeware underground. It isn't that difficult to walk from here to Oxford Street or Regents Park and even Camden Lock. There are the west and east wings plus what is referred to as the tower. I haven't noticed a great deal of difference the rooms are pretty standard not exciting but OK. The east wing has the executive lounge…,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, refurbishment looking great, fantastic staff","Fantastically located by Edgware tube station and walking distance to oxford street. Quick check in by Edem, who was a fantastic receptionist. Great customer care skills, engaging us in conversation and ensuring we had everything we needed. An asset to the hotel. Lovely rooms with very comfy beds. The hotel is undergoing a refurbishment which is making it look really modern. Breakfast busy due to being a Sunday and big hotel but there was a juice and croissant station outside the restaurant if you wanted whilst you waited but once seated plenty of staff and well stocked buffet. Would definitely recommend and would return. Also had the bonus of a swimming pool. Leisure club not huge but the luxury of a London hotel with a pool made this a bonus. Able to swim lengths in it quite…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,quite old : urgent refresh needed,This building need a global refresh. rooms are not at the Hilton reputation level. Rooms sound dirty even they are not. windows was dirty. only localisation is good as this building is close to heathrow express at paddinton,Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired and scruffy,"I stayed here for two nights over the weekend with my mum. I was far from impressed.  Check in took half an hour and this was in the Hilton Honors lane. Totally disorganised with no one really caring less about the customers.  When I finally got to the room it was one of the smallest I have ever seen and had a fantastic view of the roof of the swimming pool and metal pipes. Exec lounge was crowded with no one going round trying to pace people or help them get drinks. It's certainly a do it yourself since we cannot care less attitude.  I've stayed in hundreds of Hiltons over the years, including this one before the supposed refurbishment and the service has got worse and is no where near the standard expected.  I'd stay elsewhere if I was you!!",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location,but looking tired & quite expensive","Stayed here for 1 night on business. Great central location, close to tube station. Hotel reception staff very friendly & efficient. Room on 10th floor was good but in need of upgrade which is work in progress. Very clean, powerful shower. Breakfast was ok, staff good, plenty of choice on buffet but hot cooked breakfast was only luke warm.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Big, tired and expensive","Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights on business and it's really not a hotel that I would rush back to or actually even consider.  Just off the Edgware Road it is reasonably convenient for the centre of London and the sights.  It's a big and pretty confusing hotel that was very busy to the point that at peak time the lifts, bars and restaurants really struggle to cope.  Lift wait time was 8 minutes on one occasion.  Avoid breakfast at 8.00 if possible it's a noisy zoo!  My room was very small and very tired.  The bathroom was tiny and in real need of modernisation.  As a Hilton Honours silver member I was told I had been upgraded to a better room.  If it really was there must be some very bad rooms.   I had a room that was on the back of the hotel on the 8th floor. This was quiet…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge place but good service,"We stayed here at the end of a trip to  the British Isles.  The place was humongous but service was fine, with little wait for elevators or seating in restaurant. Breakfast buffet was the usual large English breakfast wiith many choices Typical Hilton decor  but location was good so we could easily walk to some of the sights.  In addition there were always cabs available outside.  Water in the bathroom sink was indeed very very hot so be carefully.  Wifi is freee for HHonors members so join up if you want to use it.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or3995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Short trip in mid May 2015,"This is a business man's hotel that is starting to show its age. The breakfast included in the rate was only ok.  But I loved their service and friendly staff. Great location! Gripe: Have to pay for wifi.  At this day and age, seriously??!",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
3990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Scruffy dated room, poor value for money. ","Stayed here on business, room a throwback to the 80's. Only boiling hot water, no cold, and the safe didn't work - both fixed in a couple of hours. No alternative room available, really? Was given a free bottle of water. Not the way to treat a Hilton Honours member, I'll not be back! ",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,HUGE hotel,"Don't be put off by the size of this place. I don't know where all the guest were but we never had to wait for an elevator and never heard people in other rooms. The breakfast was excellent. The hotel is well located just a 1/2 mile from Hyde Park, 2 miles from Theater District.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
3992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very average room, I'm so glad I wasn't paying","I was at an event here for 3 nights with a couple hundred fellow employees.  The hotel is at the junction of the Edgware Rd and the A40.  When I checked in I was given a twin room in one of the towers on the 9th floor.  The reception area/bar is all very new, modern and fresh.  The room itself was the opposite and not very big.  It wasn't easy to walk between the bed and TV, as they were too close together.  There was a desk, but the chair was more of a lounge type chair, so not comfortable for sitting in your room doing work.  The bathroom was more tired, with lots of wear and tear.  Given it was £176 a night, it wasn't great value, but we did get breakfast and wifi included.  The hotel is also poorly insulated.  I was woken up every morning by people in the corridor or the…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
3993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location in London,Right next to Paddington station. Only 8 Minutes from Paddington station by foot. It is close access to Edgware Road Underground station which will you help you to get to the city centre easily. Furniture in room I stayed was bit old but still nice.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good hotel,"lovely hotel close to sghts freindly staff good food. clean comfortable and well managed, have stayed twice at this hotel good for shopping sight seeing etc nearby tube station with good acess to all areas of london would def stay again god for families singles .all sorts really ",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
3995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"Stayed here for one nights break with the boyfriend. Sergio on front desk was fab! Very friendly and very helpful - even offered us a smoking room which the boyfriend was very impressed with! Room was quite basic for what you pay but was equipped with all that we needed, overall very clean. Unfortunately they don't provide free wifi like many other hotels other than that would definitly come again.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
3996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, decent service, a bit pricey","This hotel is nice and clean, the room was a little tight, and lacked any sort of a view, but by London standards it was fine. Nice and close to the underground. Service was very good. I would stay there again,p. Be prepared to pay for wifi though, it isn't free and kind of pricey.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
3997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,NOT RECOMMENDED!!!,"My girlfriend and i stayed for only one night and were really disappointed with the hotel. Its suppose to be a four star hotel, i would give it a 3 star. The only 4 star about the hotel would be the lobby. Don't be fooled by the nice pictures on internet because the rooms don't match.  The King size bed - it was not a king size bed it was two King singles pushed together that was uncomfortable to sleep on. Especially this middle where the beds meet.  On to the room service - I ordered a BLT sandwich that said on the menu that it was 9 pounds, little did i know that it also cost an extra 5 pound to be delivered to your room. So really the BLT was 14 pounds. (you would think that paying 125 pounds a night for a room that the service to bring food to your room would all be…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
3998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Delightful I'd say,"So it is expensive and huge but  - flawless stay - so I didn't need a lot of extra help but service was nicer and more personal than you'd expect here - as of today (6/2015) it has smoking rooms, which is all but impossible to find in the UK.  And for you nonsmokers, the smoking rooms are sealed behind a double door setup that honestly reminds me of a biohazard lab.  You won't know we are down here. - between Paddington, Marleybone and Marble Arch, it is super convenient to bus and tube. - nearby is a Lebanese neighborhood so places to eat are open  late All this and easily walkable from the Heathrow Express!",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
3999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Absolutely Fabulous from start to fininsh !,"I chose this particular hotel after speaking to the Hilton Liverpool and discussing my requirements with a lady named Lauren. I explained it was a special getaway for my husband and myself and told her the area we needed to be sited in in London.  She recommended the London Metropole to me and I was not disappointed.   From arrival to departure we were made to feel like VIPs !  We even had chocolates and fruit sent up to our room with the compliments of The Hilton ( I presume Lauren must have made a note on our booking form about this being a special occasion for us. Thank you so much ! ) Every member of staff in the hotel was friendly and courteous , the room spotless, the toiletries wonderful and the breakfasts to die for !  I can`t wait to come back.  Thank you Hilton !",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
4000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,reception staff ripp you off with minicab drivers,if you ask for a taxi at the reception the staff call they minicab friends and ripp you off to get they money back from the drivers. liverpool street £20.00 victoria station £15.00 airport £60.00 i use black cab always no extra charge,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole,"Great hotel, great service and rooms are adequately sized and clean. The staff I have encountered have always been very professional and willing to help. Excellent location for the tube and close to the major train station for Paddington.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
4002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good standard,"We stayed here for a few days for school half term.  Comfortable rooms, clean and well serviced.  The breakfast was good & other facilities to dine were good also.  There was an issue with the kitchen on our first night so the food service was slow, but management staff were accommodating.    Spa and pool services excellent, clean and easily accessible.  Bar service slow when busy, but all other staff excellent and very eager to please. We'd definitely stay again and recommend.  Good price for its location and easy access to the centre and only a stones throw from Hyde Park",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
4003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great family room,"We stayed in a superior family room (2 adults and 3 children under 7yrs). The room was enormous with two double beds and a double sofa bed, plenty of space and storage too - we were very pleased. The hotel in enormous - and not very beautiful from the outside - but Hilton have made efforts to make the interior as stylish as possible. We had a lovely breakfast in our room on both days. I understand there is a pool and a garage for cars too - but we didn't use either facility on this visit.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not customer focused at all,Went to this hotel after being here several times before with a coach tour company.  Have had a very bad experience in the past here but decided to give it another go.  On booking we were told there were no standard rooms left but there was one deluxe twin at an extra forty pounds per night per room.  I decided we would go for it.  We arrived at hotel and went to check in.  Everyone else on the trip were allocated their keys but we were not.  On check in they were very confused and said they had no record of our booking.  A booking reference was given to them.  Luckily our coach driver was there to help us sort it all out.  35 minutes later waiting for it to be sorted we were allocated a twin deluxe room.  During the 35 minute wait we had a very rude air hostess push in to get…,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
4005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Last time in a Hilton in London,"Dear friends,  If you only stay one night, as we did, I presume is bearable - any longer than that, I wouldn't recommend  The location is very convenient in terms of underground access and cabs.  The check-in experience was smooth, the service great and the lounge very small for the foot traffic. Breakfast was nice but the restaurant pretty small for the crowds of people  Now, the more interesting part: when I got to the room, the smell got to me - putrid and combined with a bleach like scent. Moving on, the bathroom was minuscule and full of trip hazards: door stop, sharp and rough corners and rust around the bath-tub. The bin didn't open and, for everything I had to throw in it, I almost had to reach the floor. While that may not be a problem for most, when you suffer with…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
4006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay at a very nice hotel,"I stayed at the London Metropole Hotel for 1 week for vacation with my wife.  It was great.  I was very satisfied with everything.  We stayed on the West Wing (researched before and found that this wing is where the most currently renovated rooms are).  The room was very nice:  Bed was good,  bathroom was nice, and the room was spacious.  I am a diamond member this year (usually a gold) and that qualified us for free internet (the signal strength was very strong) and free breakfast each morning in the executive lounge and the hotel.  The hotel breakfast is a buffet and is awesome with plenty of choices of food.  We went down to breakfast around 7:30-8:00 each morning to get in front of the rush and we did not have to wait for a table.  The executive lounge was really nice with…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
4007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Suitable for business use, do not expect much for a holiday","I am currently staying here with my husband and three year old daughter. We have stayed in several Hiltons across the world and this is by far the worst. We decided to book an executive king room as we were advised on the phone an additional bed could be made up for our daughter. On arrival we were told these rooms are in fact too small but they could arrange a cot. We agreed this was fine. The cot never arrived but luckily the bed was big enough to share. The reception area of the hotel is lovely and the bars look good. The room is very dated and needs substantial work, particularly the bathroom (leaky shower, flush falling apart, wobbly toilet seat). Half the channels are not working and when we phoned about it they said some rooms have ""the older TVs"". I could go on. Overall…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
4008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,won't be back,"Booked double room but was given twin due to hotel capacity.  when i arrived at the room there was an awful smell and i found an old takeaway in the cupboard above the fridge.  To be fair i was moved immediately to another room that was just as tired as the previous but thankfully clean.  stayed in hiltons all over the world, and this one is one of the worst if you get one of the older rooms.  Staff were pretty unhelpful as hotel was so busy.  won't be back, there are far nicer places in london to stay.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
4009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel showing its age but Great staff in the executive lounge,"I spent about 8 years staying in this hotel 3-4 nights a week whilst working in London. I was really well looked after by the staff in the executive lounge, one of the perks of staying loyal to the brand. The bedrooms were ok, a reasonable size for London hotels, but looking a bit shabby in places despite many of them being refurbished a few years ago. There is a good pool which at least you can swim in, often they are too small for that, steam room, sauna and small gym.  The location is good, close to 2 underground stations or buses to the west end, also a 10 minute walk from Hyde park.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Regular traveler.,"Very disappointed in this hotel. Would not stay here again. Located in a less than desirable neighborhood, not near nice restaurants. Staff not helpful in obtaining ice unless we paid for delivery and no ice bucket in room. We're told twice the ice bucket was in the ice machine located two floors up, but obviously that was not true. Ended up getting ice from bat where bartender informed ice bucket should have been in room. Had to call down for hair dryer to be delivered. Room smelled musky. Wifi was free but didn't work well at all.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
4011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Did not meet expectation,As a traveler I stay in a lot of Hilton hotels. I have to say this is one of the most expensive Hilton's yet it was a big disappointments. You do not get what you pay for here. Staff generally do not care. Ie asked a bell man to help with luggage at 7:45 AM but they never showed up and at 8 had to take my luggage down stairs by y self. Asked for a luggage cart and told they do not allow you to use their luggage carts. This is one of a number of no care attitudes.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
4012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No complaints here,"I stayed here for four nights during the week of US Memorial Day while on a solo vacation.   I chose this hotel mainly because I could use Hilton points plus dollars (pounds) resulting in a very reasonable rate.  Having done my research I knew from the outset it was a giant business and tour group hotel and that it was undergoing renovations.  As a Hilton Hhonors gold member I got apgraded to a delxe room and had access the executive lounge for breakfast, coctails and concierge services.  My room was on the 21st floor, was very quiet and had a spectacular view of the city.  Furnishings  were slightly worn but modern and comfortable.  The wifi worked fine for me. The room lighting was excellent except for abysmal bathroom sink lighting -- hotels almost never get that right, for…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good comfortable stay in Central London,"This was my first stay in this hotel, I have stayed in a few Hiltons in Central London and am always disappointed how shabby they are and overpriced for what they offer, but not here  This is a clean, modern Hilton, staff were very good and the guy who checked us in was friendly, welcoming and everything you want from front desk staff  The rooms are kitted out well and spacious compared to other Central London Hiltons  Overall very pleased with this stay and would recommend.  The hotel itself is very well placed for central and west end with great transport links.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
4014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nothing Special, ok for business travel","The entrance was modern and clean, check in was clinical but lacked any real welcome. Room was not cheap and a compulsory £50 a night ""deposit"" was annoying in addition to the room rate.  A charge of £14.99 per day for internet in the room is also a bit steep - particularly as the bandwidth was poor at times. (hint if you join Hilton Honours scheme the WiFi is free.)  Corridors in the tower were ""brown"" and a bit tired and dated.  Rooms also brown.  Although clean and did the job the fittings were definitely tired...shower a bit leaky,  tea and coffee stuff very basic and not exactly generous.   Key cards were not reliable and stopped working, needing a lengthy trip to reception.  Swimming pool small and again a little tired but pleasant enough.  Gym looked ok with good…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
4015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good stay,I stayed at the Hilton Metropole for 2 nights in June. The hotel reception areas have recently been refurbished. It's now very bright and welcoming. The hotel is large and functional. The staff are helpful and professional. One of the hotel restaurants is now closed which is disappointing as the options for hotel dining are now quite basic. The Exec lounge has a nice selection at breakfast/afternoon tea/evening snacks and is usually busy. Reasonable choice for a business trip. ,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
4016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Request, Hi there my PJ Kenny my booking reference number is 121995167289. We are reaching London on 24 June . It's my humble request to you to pls allow an early checkin because we are landing in London at 5 o clock and we are travelling with children . It would be very very uncomfortable of we had to wait till noon for our rooms after a long 13 hour journey . Please please try and accommodate us and allow check in by 9 am . I would be really thankful to you .  Thankz a l or pls revert back as soon as possible .        Radhika Gupta   Sent from my iPhone,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
4017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shaaaady,"Pre-arranged for refreshments and additional amenities... none provided.  Asked front desk for aid with another Hilton property... handed telephone.  Tell doorman I need taxi to LHR... some management-looking fellow shows up and tries to get £10 out of driver (cab was sitting in front of me in plain view).  And the hits went on... Hilton isn't what it was 15-20 years ago, but the staff and management almost always do well 1:1 with guests. This place has enough bad apples to make even a lifelong loyalist cringe.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
4018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just a minute away from metro station!,"Hotel was good, facilities are better but service can be improved. Location is very ideal for business travelers. The Hotel is very close to London underground train station (Pedington - not sure) which will give you the opportunity to travel across the city. If you are planning to stay a bit longer in London, like few weeks, it is recommended to take weekly train pass for zone A, B and C as this is valid to travel by train to most popular landmarks. Further more the same ticket is valid for city tour buses as well. London is a never sleep city so you have plenty to do... Cheers",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,messed about with the rooms,I booked a superior family room for 2 nights then i booked another night through the hotel itself i was assured that these bookings would be married up when we booked in. when we got to the hotel i explained this i was told we had been given 2 rooms rather than the 1 room i asked if we could keep these rooms for the 3 days i was told yes but we would have to register again the next day. the next day my daughter was informed we would have to exchange rooms and the receptionist didnt understand why we were unhappy with this i went to see her and said we are only in london for 3 days i an an H Horners member it was my birthday and i didnt want to waste time moving rooms later she was quite rude and said she couldnt understand why we didnt want to move to the superior room we had…,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I was very disappointed in this hotel that calls itself a Hilton. My room with 2 twin beds was very small, there was just enough room to unpack my bag and walk around the room. I paid a high price for the room, and it didn't even include breakfast. Never again.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel,Hotel was just ok. Room seemed somewhat beat up. Nicks all over door and closet. Shower is very small. I know this is europe but they can do better. I reported the room and they simply said thanks for reporting it..... Not can we get you another room. The food and drinks were excellent here. They have a whisky bar which is very nice. Very central which is probably what they are basing theyre price in. No washer and dryer in hotel. But they have cleaning service which is very expensive. They have a good gym and indoor swimming pool. Left me wanting something more out of my room for the money i paid.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
4022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bad experience,"I have been at this hotel for only one night and the overall experience was not pleasant due to the staff not being organized or polite. The room was supposed to be already paid for but at the check in the lady said that this was not possible and did not even double check if maybe that was a mistake made by them. It seemed like she did not trust us due to our young age and to overcome the embarrassing situation, me and my boyfriend decided to pay the room. Afterwords we talked to a supervisor which immediately found out that we actually did pay and we were promised a refund the next day. This happened and the same lady gave us the money back without apologizing or anything. The room was nice but I don't think we ll be back. The price does not match the performance at all.",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
4023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fairly mundane,"Here again for business, still some building works going on.  Not the best area for travelling around London, not great restaurants locally, rooms look tired and jaded, wouldn't overly recommend it.  Rooms really need renovating and the beds are really uncomfortable  Cheap looking sports bar with pretty standard food and drink available, all a little greasy.  One plus is still the value, decent price in London for a Hilton",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Helpful Staff,"I chose this hotel because we were a party of 3 adults, and needed a room with 2 large beds. Our room at the Hilton was well suited to our needs. Upon arrival around noon, our room wasn't ready, but there is a baggage room specifically maintained to accommodate guests who want to stow luggage and leave the hotel.  After booking the Hilton, I began to research transportation to other cities we were planning to visit. I was seeing outrageous rail fares, so I sent a general email to the Hilton's concierge desk to ask for suggestions.  I received a response almost immediately from Nagesh Sharma. He supplied me with a website, which resulted in a savings of around $500.00 per person. He also asked if there was anything else he could do to help make our vacation as pleasant and easy…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,My wife and I stayed in the hotel for 3 days. Location is excellent with easy access to the underground and buses. The rooms are clean and comfortable. Excellent breakfast with a large selection in the buffet. Very courteous staff.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Extremely disappointed with the room it was far too small for 5 girls who were on a hen do for 2 nights. When I booked room I was told was big enough it clearly was not. Then when I complained for told that it is suitable for 4 people not 5 and that they had no other rooms to upgrade us. Bathroom was in need of updating badly. Toilet seat was broken, shower curtain was ripped, bath plastic mat was browny/yellow not white. Will not book this hotel again. Also paid by cash at end of stay and they still took off my credit card and more than agreed price. Currently still awaiting refund.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend Away,A fantastic position - so easily accessible to visit all our Capital city has to offer. The staff were friendly and helpful. The breakfasts could not be bettered. We would recommend this hotel as a wonderful experience.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Romantic 27th wedding anniversary celebrations,"We cannot fault the service, room or food.  We were pleasantly surprised to be offered a free room upgrade and free breakfast.  Within 15 minutes of checking out we were called by reception to inform us that I had forgotten my purse in the bedroom.  The speed and honesty saved us a lot of inconvenience.  We did feel the toiletries were lacking compared with comparable hotels but it did not spoil our stay.  The tea and coffee in room options was good.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
4029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location and helpful staff,"I have stayed here twice over the last few years. Some of the pluses of this hotel include: - a good location (close to Edgware Road stations and only about 5 stops to Oxford Circus and Charing Cross) - a swimming pool, steam room, and nice fitness center - an Executive Lounge which is open all day (I especially like the ""self-service"" alcohol available in the evening) - rooms that are slightly larger than the typical small European room  However, there are two things that guests may find problematic - many of the rooms face a very busy, noisy street. The windows keep out most of the noise but they certainly are not soundproof - when I last visited, the Executive Lounge did NOT offer any hot foods during breakfast (unlike many other Hiltons I've stayed at in Europe).  Overall, a…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Variable rooms and very very slow to check in.,Everything you would expect from a city central Hilton. West wing has nice modern rooms. Other wings are in need of redecorating. All the public areas have now be redecorated and are much better/modern. My main criticism is that the time it takes to check-in is ridiculous as the service is very slow. This is really unacceptable as its every week....,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Busy and lobby feels like a Bus Station or Train Station,"I stayed 4 nights and the Hotel was one of the worst Hiltons I have every stayed. The rooms are microscopic, and in spite of me being Hilton Honors Silver Member and asking for a preference of room I get a room facing a giant wall, but a little larger. The Bed was comfortable but, the lobby was a Train Station, unsafe an the WiFi the most pathetic. Had breakfast, has some great choice but the restaurant feels like you are in a Mall Diner. There is absolutely no star quality, ambiance, or luxury. Having lived in Dubai and India the quality of a London Star Hotel was poorer than a third world country.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
4032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location ,Went to London for a quick trip and was very happy with this hotel. Very close to Paddington Station which has express train to Heathrow. Also eight next to two Underground stations that quickly took you to anywhere in the city. Great exec lounge and good food and service. Very close Hyde Park. Very firm beds and nice rooms.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"The Hotel is very modern, light and airy with lots of glass, lights and marble. It is also very busy and caters for many organisations as a conference venue etc. We were on the 12th floor and there were 23 floors with a restaurant on the top floor but this was not open when we were there.Our room was very clean, white bed linen and white towels in bathroom. We did not have a view but did not spend a great deal of time in the room so it did not matter to us. There are many lifts that are very fast and efficient. The breakfast was buffet style and plenty of food and a good variety. Staff were pleasant, polite and so ready to please. There are two bars on the ground floor serving drinks and food but we found them to be very expensive. The hotel is in a good location on Edgeware…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another Good Stay but...,"Had another good stay at the Hilton, but we did have an issue that was not resolved. First with the good: The front desk service and maid service staff was very nice and helpful. The rooms are a little dated now, but they were clean so that was good. The location is also good near the Edgeware Drive Tube station and only a 5 minute walk from Paddington. Also the restaurant Fiama was good and the service excellent. Free WiFi but it sure was slow. Now the bad, the bathroom sink was clogged and was draining slowly. I informed the front desk and they said they will let maintenance know. Well, either maintenance never got the message, was too busy or didn't care, because it was never fixed. It wasn't too much of an inconvenience as it was at least draining. But still.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What a view!,"We had a fantastic view from our room, at the hotel. We could see a big part of London. It was a great plus! Eventhough the hotel has a lot of rooms, everything is run smoothly and the hotel staff is very efficient and helpful in all ways. The only minus was the ques at breakfast bothering outside and indside the restaurant. But the food was good.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,The hotel can only be described as average From huge queues at check in to shoebox sizes executive rooms it wasn't great Was saved from a poor rating by the helpful staff and proximity to tube station,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,reasonably good,"Good location also the subway station is very close , breakfast is reasonably good. But with very few amenities for the guests . Room size is reasonable for couples not kids friendly. it has lots of restaurants near by.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible hotel - disappointing to no end,"I had high hopes about this hotel - Hilton reputation etc. But oh was that wrong!  First, reception staff are not very welcoming. They simply shout ""NAME"" at you, no welcome, etc. After the keys were thrust at me, I was told I was in the Tower Building - which of meant nothing to me. Apparently she had just had to explain to the previous customer about the different tower/wings, and certainly wasn't going to waste time saying something similar to me. So, in short - rude reception staff.  Now, I went up to my room. Well, talk about a surprise. A tiny room, with an even smaller bathroom!  And then, I was confronted with a sign saying there would be construction noise going on between business hours. I hadn't booked the hotel myself so I had no idea about the construction. Which…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
4039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Customer service could improve ,My wife booked hotel prior to a planned trip. We booked two rooms as mother in law came. Despite assurances that we would be close to each other my mother in law was put in a different building to where our room was. It took some arguing before they moved her closer to us.  I was to stay an extra night.  I had to move rooms. On checking in they argued that as my wife booked the rooms she needed to be there. I explained she had left the country and wpuld be unable to attend. They then took ages to book me in as my room wasn't avaliable despite it being close to 5pm. There were lots of people complaining thst the door cards to their rooms were failty. This didn't seem to suprise the staff. Maling calls to areas other than the front desk took an age.  The staff kept apologising for…,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel,"i was travelling with my mom and my two daughters ,so was a little worried about the hotel location but this hotel is excellent. Staff is very helpful . breakfast is good .centrally located,area around the hotel is also very nice",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
4041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Opinion about my recent stay,"I am a Hilton Honors member this is my first time that I stayed in a Hilton that the room was dark, small and ugly view I even went to the reception area and complaint and they gave me a worst and ugly room. The carpet was dirty the curtains too. I will never stay again in Hilton Metropole in London.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business Friendly,A big hotel but everything works excellently  The reception was excellent. A butler relieves you of your luggage right at the entrance and gives you a ticket which you hand to the reception desk for the haulage of the luggage.  Registration is brisk and friendly.  The free breakfast is awesome with lots of menu to choose from. But it is better to go either very early or after nine thirty to avoid waitin to be seated.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"good breakfast,convenient location BUT...not as classy as once","stayed here over the years even when it was part of Stakis,while Hilton staff are polite most time they apologise for a problem and do little or give nothing.Arrived early so room not ready, accept that. Had req a room even a specific number in west wing months ago but naturally not available basically not given. Room given, went to room,& it has a workman in it so back down to the lobby, new room up frm 3rd to 13th, small & musty smell,no nozzle on hair dryer,towels for 1,1 shower gel no shower cap, how many stars is this again? whatever the stars check the GBP/€/$ cost.we couldnt be bothered talking to busy staff who really are not that bothered  its central London & they will be full tomorrow night anyway.We did ask & got an extra towel & shampoo some counting..?While Hilton…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel fully booked but gave us great service,"We booked this blind online and got a great deal for two night in London. The hotel has just had the lobby refurbished. We were not thrilled that we got a twin room and complained but the hotel totally made it up- to us since they were too full to change the room. (If you book with an agency you have to take the room they offer apparently! read the small print). They did not have to be so nice but they were fantastic. We had a lovely stay and the hotel is perfectly placed to visit Maida Vale, Paddington and the Regent's Park Canal. Lovely area. Easy to get downtown.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Although I chose the hotel having stayed before, and wanted a smoking room, there was an overall feeling of having been given a poor quality room on 23rd floor where odour and noise were a problem. Some facilities were not available. Not really what one expects from a major hotel despite them spending money on refurbishments to the public areas.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK at best...,"I stayed here over a bank holiday weekend. The location is good but the surrounding streets and shops aren't great. The hotel is one of the biggest Hilton's I've stayed in but the hotel reception and bar area simply isn't big enough to accommodate this number of rooms. The breakfast selection was great, as was the atmosphere and it was refilled regularly but the room itself was unable to cater for the number of guests. They opened one of the event rooms up that was in the basement and set another breakfast buffet up but this room was huge, cold and empty. Another disappointment was that you could hear everything going on in the corridor including people's conversations that they were having whilst waiting for the lift. On the second night as I was letting myself into my room, I…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,We are HH Diamond member and booked a room months in advance Prepaid.,upon check in we were put in the Tower section..which is awefull. Its old and outdated and we stayed on the 15 floor. The view was nice but we didn't book this Hotel for the view but to have a decent room which we did not have. If you want to stay there donot accept the Tower rooms.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel near Oxford St. and Hyde Park,"We stayed there for 1 night with my friend. We were upgraded from the double room to tripple room in the highest floor with great view on London. Staff was very helpful. The room was modern and nice, bathroom was little bit old, but it is still great for this price. This hotels is great choice with his price/value. 5 mins walk to Hyde park and Oxford St. Tube station is next to the hotel. Great stay",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
4049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Hotel in middle of London,"The hotel is in the middle of renovations at the moment, so a little bit noisy.  Within walking distance of Marble Arch and Hyde Park and on the Original Double Decker bus route.  Opposite Marks and Spencer's for shopping and wonderful food.  Our room was in the older part of the hotel.  It was large and very clean although dated.  Beds and pillows have seen better days.  Breakfast was excellent although pick your times carefully if you don’t want to queue, especially on weekends.  The staff were friendly and very accommodating and repaired lack of hot water and dripping air conditioner very quickly.  They will store your luggage before and after stay if required at no cost. I would stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Extremely Disappointed - Need better resources for 1200 rooms,"One of my worst stays ever!   Usually staying in one of the big chain hotels (Hilton, Starwood etc), you should be able to expect some consistency in service, rooms etc.  However, this hotel's resources (infrastructure/people resources) is not at the same par as I would expect a Hilton hotel.  Let me start with the highlights - housekeeping was good and clean.  If you do get service, it is generally good.  However, the negatives outweigh the pluses.  Booking:  I was booked for double room but got single beds - when questioned, they said they were fully booked and no spare rooms were available.  Room:  Clean (hence the 2 stars) but the bath had a significant hole in the bath - I think they need to replace the whole bath.  View - non-existence - if you opened the blinds, your room…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
4051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great place to stsy,"We recently stayed 3 days here as part of a tour. It was comfortable, but not too spacious. I realize these rooms are for tour guests, but we could hardly open 2 suitcases. The bathroom was great, and there was an iron and refrigerator in the room. It's also close to the ""tube"" and several blocks of Lebanese restaurants.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Globus Tour of The U.K.,"The Hilton Metropole on Edgware Road in London, England was recently refurbished.  The rooms were nice and large by Europe standards. The breakfast and dinners here were very good. Close to the tube (subway). A short walk to Oxford Street for gifts and shopping also at the intersection of Edgware Road and Oxford Street you have the beautiful Hyde Park and The Marble Arch.     The area around the hotel was upgraded and very safe since I been there in 2011.  You have The famous Marks & Spencer across the street and various restaurants  around this area.  The hotel staff was very accommodating. We were very pleased with this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Massive hotel well situated,"This was a nice hotel ,front desk were good, breakfast was good as was the waiting staff, room was a nice size the  bed was massive, no hair drier but if we had phoned the reception we could have had one. Ideal for Oxford st underground adjacent",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Metropole cozy but definitely dated,"Booked with Metropole because of good points/cash combo offer. Ended up with two twin beds for me and my partner -- room was very small which wasn't really a big deal, but furnishings were worn, scraped, and even a hole in the ceiling. The bathroom was good sized for Europe and overall room was clean.  Food in executive floor dining area was good. Overall a nice stay but nothing exceptional. ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very large conference hotel close to Oxford Street and Madam Tussauds.,Fairly good hotel and all service was good. Location is good for shopping and some attractions but not really close to the city center. Disappointing having to pay for internet access. Breakfast was good.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great room and service,"Booked in March where i stayed in the tower wing, in May decided to stick to the larger rooms which was in the West Wing, West wing is like a completely different hotel pay the extra and stick to the west wing you wont regret it.  Special thank you to Matthew at the front desk who was super efficient and took care of all needs upon check in",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very poor hotel, DO NOT STAY HERE","Just checked into the 1970, had to wait an hour to check in, there was a mix up with booking but instead of Hilton trying to sort it I had to make the calls and each time lose my place in the check in.   Finally into room and it's very poor, channels 1 to 5 only, the stains on the carpet are terrible, brown and white ones.  Walls looked very tired and marks everywhere. A lot of noise from the ambulance driving to hospital which is on the same road.   I have spent the last 4 weeks in the Thisle Marble Arch which is 5 mins away and I would strongly recommend this hotel which is in the same price bracket.  No plugs next to bed but again the Thisle has this and a usb mains to charge your gadgets.  I will not be back here again and I strong suggest you look else where first.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
4058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Tired, dirty and poor standard room","A treat for our granddaughter to London was spoilt by a poor and dirty standard of room. There was a ball of hair with a hair bobble on the floor, the curtains and windows had seen better days and behind the bathroom door looked like it hadn't been cleaned for months. The 2 night stay was not inexpensive and inflated due to being bank holiday weekend along with the Chelsea flower show. I will not be staying at this hotel again and would not recommend it to future visitors.  On the plus side, the indoor pool was a lovely added bonus and the staff were polite and friendly.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location of Hotel,A short trip to London was supplemented with close location to Oxford Street. Close by to a lot of restaurants for dinner. Pattiserie Valerie is a perfect place for breakfast. Close by to Paddington Station for fast trip back to Heathrow Airport.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Easter weekend visit,"This was an interesting property, mainly because of the hodgepodge way it was built and apparently added on to. Way too many elevators and very confusing during some remodeling. Of course flying across the Atlantic we arrived super early and our room was unavailable. We did take advantage of the Executive Lounge and they held our bags for us so that we could out and explore. This hotel was, in a word, busy. The elevators were full and slow and we tried to take the stairs once only to find ourselves in the middle of a construction zone!  The room we ended up getting was not the one we chose during our advance online check-in. The room we had hoped to get had some sort of astronomically long late check-out and was not ready for us when we returned to the hotel at 4pm. We ended up…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"A 3 days business meeting in this hotel. Rooms ( I was given a room in the ""tower"" ) are very old and do not meet any current standards, Paint missing in many places, peeled off stickers on the furniture, wifi barely working, ... This is not hilton worthy, and certainly not for these (London) prices.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Stayed here for a business conference. The bedroom was spacious,clean and very comfortable. Staff can not do enough for you. Breakfast was lovely,everything you could possibly want. I can highly recommend Hilton London Metropole for business or pleasure.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel - Perfect Location,"The Hilton Metropole is a classic large city business hotel. You don't stay at a Hilton if you are on a budget, but the rates are competitive with similar hotels. The location is perfect - steps from the nearest Underground station, two blocks from Paddington Station. They've recently purchased an adjacent building,so a large hotel has just doubled in size. There are still a few construction screens up inside, but all of the essential facilities are  available. Our room was in the older building, Quiet, end of the hall location. Clean and well maintained, my only criticism would be the heating / cooling system. The room control, although marked with a temperature setting, appeared to adjust only the fan speed. No problem for our visit, but I'd but I'd be a little concerned about…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,business hotel,Business hotel in the center of London near paddington station  Room is clean and service good  Good position and many metro or public bus for all turistic location.  For runners near the hotel there are many public parks,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Could be better,Stayed here with my husband and two friends. On arrival there was a ridiculous q to check in. We were asked to go to the executive lounge to check in there. We were then told that they could only find one room and without any offer of any apology we were simply told we would have to wait and they would find the other room. We were told to sit down - which we did - while the man started dealing with other customers. We weren't offered a drink from the lounge whilst we waited which might have made things a little better. The room was found just as I was losing my patience! The room was fine. Bed was comfy. Breakfast the next day involved a long que and as for check out - another long q! The only other gripe was that whatever you ordered at the bar had a 10 percent service charge.…,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,non smoking room smelt of smoke,This is a huge hotel. do not expect to get personal service - it is for conferences mostly. Breakfast was mediocre - you would be better going for the room only option and going across the road to Patisserie Valerie. Don't stay here unless you absolutely have to.,Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired,Stayed here for one night. Was surprised by how tired the rooms were. Room was hot and the air conditioner was more like a fan blowing warm air. The shower leaked at the side. Check in staff were pleasant and the hotel is an easy 5 min walk to paddington.,Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Below average ,"Check in is slow. A lot of hotel rooms I guess are smoking that's why most of the corridors smell really bad. Cleaning is not good. House keeping is slow. In room amenities are that of a 3 star. Room is just ok, looks like they have forcibly tried to rate the hotel stars up by fitting some amenities in the room. Most of the guests on the hotel are clearly 1 night guests (business, cabin crews, etc) that is why hotel has no motivation in keeping things up in the rooms. Lobby and bar was fine just like any other hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't expect to get much sleep,"I stayed at the Hilton Metropole in March on business and didn't get to check in until 10.30pm and I was first given a room in the East Wing on the second floor, room 227.  When I looked out of the bedroom window I could see that I was looking over the glass roof for the swimming pool and there were two large air con units right outside my window humming away so I didn't even put my bags down and I went back to reception to ask for a quieter room.  The same chap behind the reception desk then gave me another room in the east wing but on the six floor, room 626 (he obviously didn't care which room he gave me). This room was even noisier and it was like being in the engine room of a large ship.  After complaining to the reception again they sent a maintenance man to see what the…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
4070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, nothing special","Your basic Hilton, nothing great, nothing bad.  Near Paddington Station.  Edgeware Tube station across the street.  Fitness center odd that you need to walk through the locker room and pool area to get to fitness center",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great service & location,"We spent part of our honeymoon here using points.  Upon checking in, we were upgraded to a double queen room...not ideal, so I requested a king.  The manager granted us another upgrade to a junior suite, and access to the executive lounge!  It was great to have that level of service on our honeymoon (free snacks and drinks, light breakfast, separate concierge, computer and printer access).  The 2 room suite was nicely set up - bedroom, bath and closet on one side and large living room/dining area combination on the other side.  The concierges were the best - very helpful and thoughtful and fun.  The location is perfect - quite close to Paddington and Edgware stations, but also walking distance to Marble Arch and other sites.  As other reviews have noted, the hotel is under…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Great hotel for a night on business, good friendly courteous staff and nice bars. Drinks were not cheap and the showers were not amazing but this did not detract from the overall experience! Had loads of facilities like a pool etc although didn't manage to get in myself!",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
4073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Great Property in London!,The hotel is very conveniently located int he centre with easy access to the tube. The breakfast at the Lounge was good but could have more variety. The drinks selection at the lounge was good.  Next the rooms are quite spacious but the executive rooms could be a bit bigger though. The room amenities are good and wifi was good as well. The room service food was ok.  Overall the experience was quite good.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
4074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Its a maze....,"This Hiton property is a secret which you cannot unravel, even when you stay there... It is one of the largest hotels in Europe over 1000 rooms and yet when you check in, it looks and feels like a regular mid size hotel. ...Well suited for large corporate gatherings, the place is a maze and you need a  in building gps system to find your way. The rooms and facilities are good; the swimming pool looks like it needs a renovation. The staff is friendly and courteous... The WIFI network is notorious; while the coverage is good, it keeps dropping the connection every few minutes.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,ALL HOTEL,location good-=rooms big-service good lobby wide  hospitality was excellent cleaning v.good sleep in comfortable rooms room service excellent i will stay in this hotel next time do not miss it business hall bic and accumulate with all  service,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
4076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"We stayed here for 3 nights and enjoyed our stay here. We were able to check in a bit earlier and I had requested one of the newly renovated rooms, but no one was available, but we got an upgraded room on the 16th floor of the tower wing and if was an ok room. It was twin beds and a bit dated, but quite big and quiet. We also asked for a late check out and they were nice enough to accommodate us. The hotel is very centrally located with walking distance to Paddington station (7 min), Hyde Park/Oxford Street (12 min) and 2 min from the tube stations Edgware Road and the lines: Bakerloo, Circle, District and Hammersmith & City. If you do not have breakfast  included, there is a M&S just across the road and a Tesco express down the road with a good selection. I would stay here…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable but worn,"The public spaces at the Hilton Metropole are really nice. They outshine the rooms however.  Worn furnishings,  chipped furniture, and a couple holes in the wall bring down the value of the hotel room. Definitely glad I was able to get a good rate using my points.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Fair hotel, needs updates","The hotel is not overly dirty, is not a bad place. For a Hilton though, we were underwhelmed. Silly things were wrong that would not be a hard fix : Shower head defaults to spraying the curtain and flooding the bathroom (couldn't figure out how to fix), Internet was less reliable than India and bumps me off every 4 minutes (if I can get on at all), television selections are drab (bbc, various foreign language, no premiums). Room was okay, but not fancy, mattress and bed comfort were awful. View was pretty, because we are a good distance from most attractions so have a good perspective. Remote for the television has batteries held in by tape, cabinets are not level in the room so doors do not stay shut. Lobby has chandeliers that look like onions mated with bloomer panties. Not…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Service,"Good hotel, nice refurbished lobby and public areas but rooms a bit tired, close to station and Oxford Street.  Helpful staff especially concierge Nagesh who knows the tricks of the trade and just can make anything happen. He took care of all our plans and needs. We looked for him whenever we  needed help",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location and great breakfast!,"I stayed at the HLM Saturday 16th May with my wife. Check-in was prompt with polite, friendly and efficient staff and the room was ready at our early arrival 13.30. Our room was in the tower, 5th floor. The room itself was well equipped with very large bed, minibar, tea and coffee facilities, large screen TV, desk, table, good storage space and en-suite bathroom. Wi-fi was chargeable at £15 per day (I thought these ridiculous charges no longer existed) but fortunately we have BT Infinity so I could connect to my wi-fi hotspot and avoid the charges. The room was a little tired and in need of a refit, especially the bathroom which was quite old fashioned.  The ground floor is having some major construction work so I guess the needed renovations are underway. The bar area was very…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent service and staff,"I thought the hotel renovations were a bit off-putting as they intruded into general hotel life as they were very noticeable.  The bedroom too was very small and dark but satisfactory for an overnight.  Would not have liked any longer.  The front of house staff was superb and helpful.  All in all, enjoyed the stay and would return.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Utterly disappointed,"This was my second worse Hilton experience ever.  To start with the positive: - The reception staff was one of the best and nicest one could wish for. - The location is good. There is tube station a block away and the Marylebone strain station is in walking distance (if you do not have much luggage). - We had a room facing inwards within the hotel complex and the room was very quiet in the night. - There was a decent gym on site. But: - We were shocked about how small the rooms are. We were shown a standard room in the Tower wing. It had a great view from the 20th floor but the room was smelly and ridiculously small; I never saw such a small hotel room (even in London). We then were taken to a superior room, which was a bit better. But it had only a small window which cannot be…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not going for awhile!,"  I stayed at London metropole this weekend that have just gone 15th - 17th of May. I would just like to say how upset I was with the experience I received from this hotel. I chose this hotel as I know the service would be good, considering it is Hilton and it is a 4 star hotel, however it was the complete opposite and did not live to its expectation.  Before arriving at the hotel, I asked for an early check in... I rang them and double check if I could get an early check in, but they told me that they were fully book the night before so they can't promise it. I understood that.  Upon arriving at the hotel at 2:50 pm, they told me that there were no rooms available at the moment, that I'm going to have to come back in half an hour. I also understood how busy they were, so I…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,For London a pretty good price for the room,"The room itself was what I was expecting for appointments, it was however larger than I expected.  The front desk staff were fantastic however, I really must say that they were very accommodating.  We were just going to store our luggage for the day but when they saw we have 2 little girls and how tired they were, they worked with housekeeping and found us a room so that we could check in early.  I would stay here again",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,NEVER.AGAIN.,"The concierge service was great and the room was newer (West Tower).  That's all that saved this from a one-star rating.  We booked this for four of us (my sister, me, my hubby and our 10 year old son) through AAA six months before our trip and prepaid for a Family Triple room (1 double, 2 singles) at a rate of about $ 315.00 per night.  After a nightmare trip through Heathrow, we arrived and were told that the Family Triple was booked for two people.  (Hello?  FAMILY?  Why would we book three beds for two people?)  They could, of course, accommodate us with a Family Suite with two beds and a sofa bed (three beds? Imagine!) for an additional 90 pounds per night,  (It's 7:30 and we're in a city we've never visited before -- did we have a choice?)  Breakfast was apparently…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Girly Weekend,"The location of the hotel is ideal - it's easy to get to the tourist hot-spots from Edgware Road either by walking or by tube. It is also ideally placed for the Heathrow Express.   Our standard twin room was clean and comfortable, suited our needs.   We had a drink at the Edg bar in the evening - wine and bar snacks were very nice, if a little overpriced...wasn't overly impressed with the staff who largely ignored us despite it being very quiet...  Ordered room service from the night menu...this was massively over priced for what it was. All I ordered was a Hilton Burger with cheese and bacon (which came with fries) but it cost £14.50…with a £5 tray charge. So basically I paid £20 for a distinctly average burger. I could have had one of a similar quality in a Wetherspoons…  The…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A relaxing weekend,"Two nights bed and breakfast in this accessible hotel allowing us to walk everywhere for museums, concerts and shopping. Near to the tube for those who like a less energetic time. Nice spacious room but the shower has a curtain! Haven't come across one of these for some time. Pleasant breakfast with lots of choice, bacon was very hard, perhaps it could be cooked more frequently. Friendly helpful staff. Visited the gym and pool. The steam room was a little disappointing a box on the floor was open and rusting, otherwise it was very clean. Parking is useful £25 a day at the weekend. Wifi went off every time I left my bedroom and I had to log in again which was annoying.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Hilton with newly renovated areas,This is a nice Hilton very conveniently close to Paddington Station (and the Heathrow Express ).  This was a very comfortable and quiet hotel which I will look forward to staying in again.  Lots of shops close by and restaurants within walking distance.,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor,"The shower was rusty, the glasses was dusty, the window was broken and left a draft coming in all night. good points the hotel is in a good location for travel and tourism the lobby and bars was nice too just overall the room was a massiv let down compared to other hilton hotels",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Will never be here again,"Just finished a long trip today to check-in here, and i was surprised hotel did not give smoking room as I requested, room quality is not that good, this is the second time i'm into this situation with the same hotel. For me nothing worse than not getting what you have paid for after a long trip.  I'm a frequent travel, i have never see such limitation. ",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
4091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location,"Goot place to be in the city centre, to travel around in the , to go running in Regents or Hyde Park, Heathrow Express is 10 walking minutes at Paddington Station. Breakfast choice is very good, friendly service. The sports bar is always full, nevertheless you get a seat. Super service and great bar food there. Concierge services very good as well as check in. ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
4092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Family Holiday centre!,"Stayed here with my family for 6 nights and must say truly impressed with the Location,cleanliness,service and quality. Breakfast was great and the room itself, a family Queen room, extremely comfortable and well maintained. Check in was a breeze and express check out was so convenient! A nice place to stay in London to explore the sights.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
4093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, pretty standard stay","Stayed at this hotel for one night while visiting friends and going to watch the Lion King.  I had no problems with my stay, the room was fresh and clean. Staff friendly and attentive. The breakfast in the morning was lovely - only issue was we had a long wait to be served any tea and coffee.  This hotel is perfect for a short stay. The room we stayed in was a little small so I wouldn't like to be staying too long.  I have stayed in other 'higher market' London hotels such as the Hyatt, and this felt a lot cheaper and lacking for a Hilton.  The hotel is in a perfect location, just a short walk away from Oxford Street/Hyde Park and Marble Arch.  We did have a great view from our room. Overlooking Hyde Park, the London Eye, The Shard and The Gherkin!",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awards ceremony,I was staying to attend an awards dinner.  The room was very nice though at those prices it should be. Bar drinks are simply extortionate but what I guess you should expect from a London Hotel. Staff all friendly. Very busy in the restaurant for breakfast so get in there early or late. The staff were very helpful when a couple of hours after leaving I realised I had left my house keys in the room..they were already with housekeeping and I returned later to collect them. Altogether a good stay but be aware how expensive it is.  ,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,"I often stay with Hilton at properties around the world, out of the Hilton's I've stayed, this was one of my worst experience.   I was offered, via an email option of an upgrade at discounted rate, I requested and on check in was told that the room was available but the hotel could not offer the rate that I received via email....  I was given an Executive room and was told it was on a newly refurbished floor and room. On entering the floor and room, there was nothing newly refurbished about it. The bathroom had stains through out the grouting, the bedroom furniture was knocked around, including the  desk that had the wood paneling missing on the edge.  The room was in the centre tower, I am not sure what the other towers are like, but I would avoid this part of the hotel.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
4096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,london metropole hotel,best hotel in London. service excellent and nothing to much trouble for the staff to help you out. oxford street &regents street just around corner. perfect. i could not ask for more . we had a most splendid time. the rooms were spacious and the view from our window was spectacular. we could not fault it. plenty restaurants within walking distance. ideal.,Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
4097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"Great location.  Good amenties.  Breakfast buffet was excellent as was the service.  Renovations going on did not interfere with our stay.  Friendly, helpful staff.  it is not the cheapest hotel in the neighbourhood, but it is a reasonable price for the location, the spacious rooms and the amenities.  Just a short walk from Paddington station, i.e. the Heathrow Express, and a great variety of restaurants and pubs within a few minutes walk.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Holiday,"We stayed at the Hilton London Metropole in April. Great stay, the hotel is very large and well organised our room was beautifully presented and large enough for a family of 5. The breakfast included was the perfect way to start the day with excellent service. We ate several times at the Hotel and had no issues. Tube station across the road, laundromat 5 minutes walk away and plenty of other restaurants close by. We wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Coffee Ever - But Lovely Service At the Bar,My employer had a conference at the hotel - I can honestly say I have never tasted coffee so terrible.  Making a reservation at the hotel was a nightmare.  Checking in was not the best - however the bar in the main area had great service and a lovely staff. So - if after a long day of meetings and horrible coffee you need a glass of wine - this could be your place - but if you need a cup of coffee go across the street or around the corner and avoid the stuff within the hotel.,Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible - old and shabby rooms - bad value for money,Terrible - old and shabby rooms - bad value for money  Icecold water in the tower- could not shower. Stayed in the hotel for a conference which took place in this venue hence did not have the choice. Rooms are very old and poorly maintained. Skipped breakfast because there was a very long queue in the morning and the breakfast room was overfilled.,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
4101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,nice hotel,"Pros: large rooms, clean, great breakfast, great pool & fitness center. Cons: In one of the mornings there was no warm water (fixed after 2 hours), WiFi was sometimes problematic. Also it would be nice if room windows could be opened.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel rooms in disrepair,"I stayed at this hotel for a conference. The staff, food/restaurant and conference facility were nice, the restaurant on the 23rd floor is a gem with great views, food and service.  My issues were with the hotel rooms.  Even a flight attendant we met in the elevator said ""there is always something wrong with this place"" in her case that day she did not have a shower curtain in her bathroom. For me, I experienced the following which made for very frustrating stay.  1) The key card required multiple swipes to open each time.  2) The TV remote control batteries were taped in and sporadically did not work. 3) The WiFi was worthless, it took forever to even load basic news pages and the WiFi would kick you off even when there was just a few minutes of inactivity. 4) The HVAC was…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,For $300 you can surely find a better hotel in London. My room was no bigger than a shoebox. Its bathroom was fitted out in the 70s and a disgrace.  The hotel is currently being refurbished. Lifts were extremely busy: one was out of operation. Food was average. I had little interaction with the staff but service was ok. Maybe I was simply unfortunate but I'd say the rooms on 7th floor tower are inadequate.,Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just fair,"Being there on the 29th of December. Due to the size the hotel is chaotic. Though it was clean. It has some nice concepts like the whiskey bar and the chocolate shop. Expected more restaurants. Moreover for the New Year's Eve we expected the hotel to have some extra functions. The area is not supported by restaurants and shops. During the night we have noticed some fighting among the local people (non British).  Convenient to grab a taxi, bus and train.  The price was fair.  ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor quality,"Stayed in Hilton for 1 night.  Had room in tower on 17th floor. Lifts werent working properly, bed was very hard and rooms could use some refurbishment.  There were no proper english channels on TV like 4Music or E4 etc. Big queues at check in . Not happy at all. Only good thing was our checkout guy Eyan who saw we were unhappy and offered us a voucher for our next stay. Customer service is only positive thing there.  I have stayed in Hilton Gatwick and it was lovely.  ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It used to be my favorite,"This is conveniently located in central London a few blocks from Paddington Station and Edgware Road tube station. It's also just a 10 minute walk to Marble Arch where you can pick up sight seeing buses.  There's a M&S across the street and a Tesco Express around the block for your grocery/convenience needs. There plenty of restaurants with all tastes. The rooms are clean, the lobby is beautiful, even though some of it is still under construction, and the service was fantastic.  As a bonus for any smokers out there, the 23rd floor not only offers smoking rooms but also a fantastic view of the city.    I say it used to be my favorite, because I've probably stayed her about 5 or so times in the last few years. It always had all of the amenities and standard Hilton offerings, but…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Medioacre / sauna,"So, this hotel was always going to be too big to be any good.  For example, long queues for checkin/out and sometimes no room in the lifts.   However, it is well located near two tube stations and even handy enough for Paddington or Kings Cross.  The shower is good and the mini-fridge is cold.  The rooms are just OK - nothing special, not terrible.  Unfortunately my room was roasting hot as the cooler didn't work so I'm guessing in the summer this hotel is to be avoided at all costs.  Even worse, in-room WiFi is £15 a day.  This is just a silly price when I can surf all day at a cheap Ibis.  I would probably only return if it was cheap.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bad hotel,Bad room service:  1) while you are sleeping someone could open the door without waiting for your ok! 2) while you having a shower the water became cold  Bad hotel management: 1) They want personal credit card in advance in order to pay the service even if our company has already paid  The room are not comfortable,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
4109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,shoutout to concierge TONI,"While we were there in February there were really big refurbishments going on so this was quite annoying in terms of lifts not working well on our wing...   Toni the amazing concierge saved the day... check out was hectic, such a big line, and my room key was not working.. we did overshop, seeing us exhausted already Toni offered cab service to airport, fixed the price and everything... and in such a cheerful, and helpful way, we were just blown away by his charm...  I do remember at check in my repectionist who was French lady, she helped me to check in and did a fine job although I could see she was struggling to make me a room key... the machine was not working... and also another from reception..helpful, nice gentleman from Israel, who helped me during my stay with some…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient and pleasant stay ,"Very good location convenient in down town. The room was a bit old but the staff was friendly. Information service was good and helpful! We only had limited time going to France, they gave us good recommendation of the tours and transportation. Breakfast was a bit crowded, sufficient choice of food. ",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better than expected!,We are a family of 4 with 2 children age 3 and 9. I was really worried about our choice of Hotel after reading the reviews but we did not have the same problems as many of the reviewers have had. We requested a room in the West tower that we were told had been updated. The room was a decent size with a lounge area next to the 2 good sized double/queen beds. There was space to unpack and store clothes and room to keep your luggage out of the way. The room was clean on our arrival and was cleaned well each day over our 5 night stay. Our check in was efficient and there were no lines. We arrived at about 6:30pm. Although breakfast was busy most days we walked straight in and if we did have to wait it was no more than a few minutes. The location of the hotel for us was great. We…,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No Water to wash with!,"I stay here a lot due to corporate policy so I am not particularly surprised at the poor service but no water to wash with and no compensation offered in any way is a first and the worst yet. Add this to the unhelpful phone call 1 hour after you have ordered room service to check it had arrived, most of the TV channels not working, they haven't for going on 6 months now, and the incredibly poor state of the rooms which has not improved in years (unless you want to pay over the going rate for a room in the west wing which was recently refurbished) and the whole experience is shocking. I strongly suggest going to the Grosvenor house or the Danubius. In fact a Citizen M or Holiday Inn Express is a much cheaper and nicer experience in London nowadays than this Hilton.  For the…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
4113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"One of the worst hotels ever.  Poor check in; poor internet. Long, long lines at the front desk, long lines for breakfast; rude telephone operators, and inaccuracies in billing.  Tiny bathrooms; poor lighting in the bathrooms; poor climate control. Very poor but very expensive internet connectin.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
4114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,NOISY ROOMS,My wife and I stayed here on a recent visit to London paid £52 for upgraded room for our  2 night stay but was very disappointed with what we were given overlooking a main road intersection. We were on the 17th floor the rooms are only secondary glazed and the constant sound of police/ambulance sirens throughout the night meant very little sleep considering the prices they charge this was not very good on our last visit to London back in July of 2013 we stayed at a modest b and b and the price was a third of what we paid this time so if you are thinking of going to London find yourself economy accommodation they out strip the big ones every time for us,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Make a better choice!,"Check in.... Appalling room not ready and huge queues that they could not process quickly. 3 times room keys issued did not work. Room.... West wing, quite nice not 4 star though Staff... Well the majority were brilliant but a couple of staff were extremely rude and ruined the experience, especially the lady at the entrance booking you into breakfast, rude and unprofessional. Swimming pool and leisure area... Very dirty and the smell was appalling, dirty nappies. Swimming pool needs a good clean and freezing cold. Disappointed to find baby swimming lessons on throughout the entire Sunday afternoon... Come on we chose the hotel to enjoy the leisure facilities not cheap at 450 pounds! I like kids, we took our own and they wanted to enjoy a swim but couldn't with only half a pool…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Two Bad Experiences,"This is my second time staying at this hotel, and it will be my last.  I travel to London from the U.S., so I typically arrive early in the morning and like to go to my room and get in a quick rest.  Since check in isn't until 3 PM I always reserve the room for a day before I arrive and call and tell them I won't be there until early the next morning to make sure the hotel does not cancel my reservation.  For both of my stays at the Hilton London Metropole they have canceled my reservation despite me calling them and telling them I won't be in until early the next morning.  Worst off I had to call Hilton reservations and they couldn't resolve the issue at the front desk at the hotel.  This got both stays off to a bad start, especially after a long overnight flight from the U.S. …",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Have stayed here for one night. Located close to paddington ststion. Special thanks for Joanna who welcome us at reception and arranged wine glasses.  Room clean & fresh, unbeliveable view at london from high floor, staff very friendly, especially Brais from concierge. Breakfast one of best i ever had in hilton hotels. Would certainly recommend the hotel.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
4118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient location,"Good location, quite reasonable price. We requested for two beds room however one big bed was given. We asked for room change but had to go down and picked up the new key. Despite that the stay was pleasant. breakfast was good with nice selection. Worth to stay for the location that saved a lot of troubles for getting taxi around.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok,"The reception area looks nice, the staff are good, the food was ok, the room was poor. Overall, ok. For a 2 night stay I thought it was passable, if you want to stay in London longer, there are much nicer places with more character and nicer rooms",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Clean,"I know the area well as I have lived there some years ago and I knew the location of the hotel bang on Edgware Road 10mins walk from Marble Arch and loads of connections into the west end of London. Very good hotel. Well located, as I said, and a hotel living up to the Hilton status with all the amenities in house. Room, a king size double, very clean, tea and coffee making facilities, however I DO wish they would put more sugars and coffee into the facility. 4 sugars- HOW MEAN is that? It's just not this hotel it appears most where ever you stay. TOP UP PLEASE!!! It won't break the bank. Small bathroom but what do you expect it was a good deal so can't have everything. Very quiet. No view from the window. Just staring at another brick wall but hey, like I said a good deal.…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Impersonal attitude, nothing special, just the name Hilton","Reception staff was unfriendly, didn't tell us anything - not abt pool/spa, wifi, breakfast.. Nothing! In the elevator we met another staff member who was friendly enough and gave us all the information needed.. The room was nothing special even though the reception lady said we got a better room than we actually booked! I wonder what would that one look like.. Would never book Hilton again cause for us it turned out to be just a name.. Nothing impressive!",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
4122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good Food Service, Bad Billing Service","Our company-organized conference in the London Metropolitan Hilton was well-supported in terms of meeting room and food service, with the exception of overcrowding of breakfast facilities because of multiple meetings occurring at the same time and large tour groups.  I tried to avoid the check-out lines using the Magic billing service, but it functioned poorly. It is 5 days and couning since check-out and there is still no electronic bill in my inbox, despite my being a Hilton Honors member. So, what's the point in saving a quarter hour and losing hours trying to cajole a final billing out of the Hilton?",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"""Upgraded"" ha!","I booked the room for a resonably good price for myself and my boyfriend (only twin rooms which was fine), my sister booked the exact same room which cost the exact same. We were at the desk checking in and were extremely pleased to hear we were being upgraded to the ""deluxe double"" on the 20th floor in the west wing. When i saw my sisters room which was not upgraded i found it was nearly double the size of my room and they were allowed into the executive lounge for breakfast.. presuming we would be allowed in too, as we were upgraded-a very rude member of staff told us we were not welcome to share breakfast with my sister and her partner. I was disgusted with our downgrade which pretty much ruined my opinion of the hotel. Also, the cost of wifi was £15, which is an absolute rip…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room needs updating,"Room was very tired looking. Furniture chipped on edges, hair dryer taped together with sticky tape, batteries needed replacing in remote control,  no radio or alarm clock, not enough electric sockets to charge phones, iPads etc. Air conditioning in room was very noisy and could not be switched off. Room was opposite lift and was noisy. Only positive was that it was on the 16th floor and had great views across London.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Return and return visit,"Have stayed in this hotel a number of times over the past few years. That should say it all.we are very pleased with the rooms,  front desk staff and breAkfast staff, always friendly and efficient Close to the underground and with in an easy walk to Oxford street Real value for money I think I have stayed here around 10 times and always recommend the hotel to friends coming to London ",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
4126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,20th century hotel struggling to deal,"I was on business for 2 nights so had just a standard twin room.  It was small but that's no big deal when it's just me.  The real problem was the real lack of power sockets - it's not unusual for a traveller to have a mobile and laptop to charge but all the room had was one spare socket located right in the only corridor space between the bed and bathroom, so effectively useless.  The two sockets on the desk were used for the desk lamp (essential in a very dull room) and the alarm clock.  Now, I could unplug the alarm clock, but that still only leaves me one socket!  In the 21st century!!  It's the little things that can make a travel experience, and this was immediately annoying as soon as I got to the room.  Other than that, it's a Hilton, so pretty polished but not afraid to…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
4127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,They dare to call it a Hilton,"In short: just go elsewhere and avoid this poorly managed hotel. I have been in several hotels in London and several Hilton hotels worldwide. To call this hotel a Hilton is just  misleading and not honest.  Only the breakfast was good. Except for the West Wing, rooms are tiny small, and need urgent renovation.  For a 4-night stay we had 3 rooms. The first one, 1111 was really tiny, didn´t had the king size bed we paid for, and was filfthy dirty (empty bottles and cans under the bed), not what you expect from a real Hilton hotel.  Then we got room 202, larger, king size bed. But a view to a wall, and extremely uncomfortable bedding, if you sat in the bed it was like sitting in a wood chair. In fact it wasn´t a king size, it was 2 beds put  together in some way. The noise from the…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
4128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A bad experience,We 27 doctors stayed for two days on 30th April & 1st may 2015 after our conference in Birmingham . We had very bad experience.  I had to wait for half an hour to get my room as in list my name was there but lady could not see & had declared that my name is not there.  My room 405 flush was not working. I had to phone 3 times and came to reception 2 times to complain.  After 2.5 hours it got repaired and I could use it to get fresh.  We were told that at lobby wifi  is free. Throughout our stay it never worked inspite of our requests.  I would like to have a reply on my email if possible.  mmilyas50@yahoo.co.uk Dr M M Ilyas,Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
4129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely staff but disappointing room.,"I stayed last week at the Metropole for a conference. I was initially put off of staying here due to very high room prices but as a female travelling on her own I thought it was easier to stay in the same hotel as the conference itself.   As a HiltonHonours member I managed to get a very good room rate (thank you HiltonHonours!) and I even received an upgrade to a King Suite at a small extra charge (double thank you HiltonHonours!!). The upside to this was a beautifully large room, a slightly improved view & access to the Executive lounge (complimentary continental breakfast, afternoon sandwiches, cakes & soft drinks and evening canapés & alcoholic beverages).   The room was nice & big and I was pleased with the upgrade but I wouldn't recommend anyone paying full price for the…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
4130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst hotel stay I have ever had.,"I stayed in this hotel so I could run the London Marathon back in 2012 and it was a good stay, it seemed clean, food was good and the price was great!  You might think I'm being over the top on the next part of the review but the photos prove my review.  Roll on 3 years and I rebooked for the London Marathon 2015. The price was much more expensive, it cost myself and my partner £500 for 2 nights for a King Deluxe room but hadn't realised this only included breakfast for one! £500 seemed a lot and I'm not a fan of Hotels hiking the prices right up on special event weekends, but I liked the location and the stay was good back in 2012. I also rang up months in advance to see if there were coaches for London Marathon runners on race day....I was to there was so I also booked for my…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
4131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel very comfortable and convenient for rail links,"I recently stayed ,at this hotel for the first time. I was impressed with I the efficient and very friendly reception staff who took the time and interested to talk to myself and my colleague and make us feel at ease and very welcome.  Although the hotel is currently being refurbished, the inconvenience does not impact on the quality of the hotel. The rooms were very clean tidy, great vices, nicely appointed and the gym and pool, albeit small, are a welcome addition to staying away from home.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large room for London,"We were in the West part of the hotel.  Modern room, with two large beds.  Clean and large. The swimming pool was great for daughter - rare to find a pool in London.  Great price for the central location - seconds from Edgware Rd and a walk to Paddington along the canal.  I love a hotel with an ice machine on every floor.  Well staffed and all helpful.  Will go back again next time in London.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs some work on the bathroom,"Many things to like about this hotel. The room was comfortable, good bed. Decent breakfast choice at the Executive lounge reasonable soundproof. but this was all let down slightly by the bathroom which needs some work. There was rust dripping off the chrome work around the bath. There was no shower stall, only a shower in the bath with a screen. I'd have preferred a separate shower stall. The grouting needs attention.  Great location near Paddington for the Heathrow Express. But at this price point the bathroom needs attention. I stayed in a Holoday Inn and another airport hotel in Dubai a couple of nights later at a lower cost per night and the quality of the bathrooms in both was far superior. Puts the Hilton to shame really, no excuses at this cost.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent conference hotel but tired in places,"I stayed at the Metropole last week. It was decent. The executive lounge was good, and the free drinks were plentiful and suitably refreshing. However, certain bits could do with a bit of attention. The towels, for example, were thin and hard. The toilet rolls were thinner and harder! It seems curious when they're such easy things to fix. There's building work going on, but it wasn't at all intrusive, aside from a bit of re-routing downstairs. Overall, not a bad place. Not brilliant, but entirely decent yet improved.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant!!,Stayed here with my daughter for two nights in the tower. I must say the room was good and the beds were very comfortable. No traffic noise and the air conditioning worked perfectly. Staff were very friendly and helpful. A wide choice of food at breakfast and even if there was a queue we didn't have to wait more than a couple of minutes for a table. Did the people who have bad reviews really stop in the same hotel?  ,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just ok,"Location very good, easy access for where we wanted to go. It was only myself and my mum for the stay in same room, two queen beds was great. Eyal who served us was very approachable and provided excellent customer service. The only down side of our stay was as we checked out. Once looking at my room service statement. It said that we had consumed cognac and a bottle of coke, which was not the case. After telling the person at he desk he said that if it were 10 pounds or under (over 100 pounds) he would wipe it off and believe what I had said, but since it was 13 pounds they have to send someone to have a look. I thought that was reasonable until I got my bill back and they added more on to my bill, so I apparently spent another 40 pounds on items not displayed in detail of what…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Myself and two friends stayed here 24.04-26.04. Room was ready early so we could check in as soon as we arrived. Staff were helpful. Room was spotless and room service really efficient. Surprised at comments about state of rooms and breakfast as I was there at the same time and there was three different types of egg, boiled, scrambled and fried and our room was great. Breakfast had many options and was very good, bar upstairs on top floor was also really good and even though we didn't book, the staff did their best to accommodate us. Would recommend to others and would stay again!",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Everything I need within budget,"This must be the best value hotel in central London, a real Hilton experience, great rooms, excellent food, fastastic welcoming people and a Living Well gym with a pool. I could not ask for a better better hotel in a better location. Walking distance to the west end and Paddington station a short walk away.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,My husband and I stayed here for his business trip. Great location near Paddington station and the Underground. We had an upgraded corner room that overlooked the street. Lots of sirens heard at night. The room was comfortable and clean. The Wi-Fi was free but spotty. Had to keep logging in. Sports bar was nice. The area around the motel is ok. Mainly middle eastern restaurants.  A few blocks away there are many other choices and the underground makes it easy to find any food option you want.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location,","I went to London for work and my wife accompanied me and we extended our stay and did some sight seeing. The place is very convenient to Paddington station (5 min walk) to get the train to Slough where we worked and the Underground is just a block away. We were immediately checked in and our room was upgraded and was very nicely sized. There was some construction in the hallway between the elevators but other than the temporary walls up, there is no impact. We were impressed with the Executive lounge for breakfast and evening Happy Hour. The staff was very friendly across the board (front desk, cleaning, sports bar, Executive Lounge).",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We stayed here as part of a tour group. The Hotel is like a rabbit warren with rooms going everywhere. Our room was clean, however it needs a lot of renovation. The bathroom is old and tired. The bed itself was very uncomfortable. Most of the staff were helpful, but I found one of the Concierges to be most unhelpful. Wifi is useless. If I had the choice I wouldn't stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not so much,"I've stayed in london many times, mostly at Hiltons or Marriotts.  This was not my first choice due to location and age of hotel but there was limited availability due to a big event in London that week.  My disappointment started upon checkin.  I arrived early but as a Hilton Honors member, I could check in early - correction - only if rooms were available.  And of course one was not.  I waited and waited and waited - hours and hours, repeatedly checking the desk, which often had long lines.   The front desk seemed to delight in quoting me chapter and verse as to why they were right and I was wrong.   I asked if I could use the lounge as an honors member but was told that apparently I was not honorable enough.  I asked if I could cancel my reservation and go to another hotel…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
4143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overpriced no free Wifi,"We stayed for two nights in two rooms for business at a cost of over £600 for standard rooms. I have come to expect, certainly at that price, free wifi in hotels. The Hilton doesn't offer this, which is a disappointment.  More disappointing are the rooms, I walked in to mine to find a bad smell, I found out it was coming from the mini bar, it was totally empty except for a rotting piece of chicken.  I was given another room which was ok, however the fridge didn't even open. The bathroom was very small and if your over 4ft the shower is useless, who has time for a bath.  For the money I would expect better, like the Park Plaza which I will never move from again.  Felt ripped off with the quality of the hotel received, it's a great location but I would only pay Travelodge prices…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
4144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I'll never go again,"Fine, this hotel has ice rooms with good facilities, they have a sports bar and lounge bar and the location is good, just one stop from Paddington. The breakfast was OK with a good selection of items including freshly made omelets. But this hotel would get minus stars if I could.   First, they charged a security deposit to my card without my permission. If they had told me then I would have paid that cash. Then, after this, I couldn't use my card at all. I don't know what they've done, but 24 hours later I still can't use my card. The ""express"" check out may get you out of the door (drop your key in a box), but you're not actually checked out until they collect the key and do it physically. This is an awful way to run a business. The Hilton have a great reputation that is…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
4145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel with friendly staff and excellent food,"Stayed here for two nights for a conference that was also in the hotel. I found the staff friendly and helpful; those who were assisting with the conference were also very good and worked hard to make the event excellent. It's only a few steps from the tube, so good for getting around London. The conference facilities were very good, and there was also a dinner for around 500 people that was excellent - one of the best I've had for such a large group.I only really have one small complaint and that is that the 'free' wifi is only available in your hotel room, rather than in other parts of the hotel - a bit inconvenient for meetings and using social media. Other than that, I can't fault it.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Hilton,"Excellent Hotel staff very helpful and friendly easy to find- food perfect bar excellent - The room was nice a little tired but much better than the cheaper hotels area was good easy to access by tube, bus or walking The bar was busy but staff very helpful and friendly - The breakfast was first class - we did not eat in the restuarant otherwise but the food looked 1st class.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Super hotel!,"I need to add to all the good reviews that this hotel already has! We had a lovely modern room with everything we needed for an excellent family short break in London. The size of the hotel almost put us off booking initially but we could not have been more pleasantly surprised, especially by the cheerful and helpful staff. The hotel seems very well organised to cope with the number of guests it accommodates. We ate breakfast and dinner in the hotel and everything was very good quality and excellent value.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Way below Hilton standards.,"Being a loyal HHonors guest I feel a bit uneasy writing this review, a bit like ratting on one of my Family. During discussions with front desk staff, I did ask for Mr Kenny to contact me to discuss my stay but he hasn't......so here goes.  2 night stay arrived 3pm Friday and was informed there were no rooms available for my HHonors tier, would I stay in the tower for the first evening and then move to the Executive floor on the Saturday? Yes no worries, not a big deal and the Czech girl on front desk was very polite and welcoming. However on entering the room we were overwhelmed with the smell of blocked drains so immediately returned to front desk to be allocated another tower room. Old and worn maybe, stained carpets yes, but no smell of sewerage so it will do. We went out to…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
4149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient and full of amenities,"We stayed at this location for 1 night. I am from USA and have never seen a Hilton this big. They have multiple wings, a number of bars/restaurants, which are open late. In London, that is very helpful on a Saturday when everything is full. Our room was spacious and comfortable. It was a wonderful location as the hotel was a 10 minute walk to Paddington stations (and Heathrow express) and a 2 minute walk to Edgeware road. One small caveat was that I asked the lady at the front desk for the Sunday Heathrow express schedule and she looked it up for me. She recommended I get it confirmed with the concierge, and I did. They both told me the first train was at 5:10am. We accounted for that an were downstairs earlier than needed. We had much luggage and decided to take a cab to…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing Hilton,"We used this hotel as a base for a weekend in London that included an evening concert at The Albert Hall.  The hotel is modern and huge and situated on the junction of Edgeware Road and the A40 Westway so there is constant traffic noise but it is good for buses/taxis and the Tube station is across the road. The first problem we encountered was at check-in due the the number of guests checking in and out. There are eight check-in desks but two are HHonors, one is for airline crew and even when the reception area was crowded and the queues long there were only a maximum of six desks open. We arrived at 13.30 on Saturday and were told our rooms were being cleaned and would be ready at 15.00 but when we returned only one room was available, the other taking another 40 minutes. We…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
4151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great service,I stayed at this hotel few days ago reiceved amazing service. I booked a standard room but being a gold member Victor upgraded me to an executive room with breakfast even though i checked in at almost 2am on a busy saturday. Will definately visit again. Thank you,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location hotel with pool and good breakfast,"Nice hotel, located in the heart n middle of London. Its right next to Edgware road metro station, which is a ten minutes walk off Oxford street. Some of the rooms are of a newer standard and good. The breakfast is very nice, good variety, good selection of hot items etc. They have a nice pool to relax or take a swim in addition to the work out room for those who have time for what while in London. I recomend the hotel for its location, nice and always helping Concierge service, polite n proffesional reception staff and recreation opportunities. And yeah they also have a lounge/open bar area where u can sit, mingle and socialize in case u wanna stay in at the evenings.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"OK, but nothing like as good as it could be","My husband and I stayed for one night over the weekend to catch up with friends.  Despite having a Diamond Club card, and having booked an Executive room, it was terribly average, and we had to request the bathrobes and extras which were supposed to be included.  It was very poky and the bed was as hard as a board.  The night was extremely stuffy and the air conditioning did not work. The wifi was exceedingly patchy and slow, and every time, and I mean EVERY time my ipad was switched back on I had to go through the rigmarole of re-registering with the hotel's password. Breakfast was a scrum the following morning and if they hadn't told us at check out that they had decided to make it complimentary I would have complained about it.  The food was cold, the coffee undrinkable, and…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Charlene waldron,I stayed at the hilton metropole for a weekend with my mum and sister. This is a fabulous hotel in a great location so close to Oxford St.  The room was cosy and comfortable and the food was delicious. All of the staff were so friendly from check in to room service. One staff member in particular was unbelievably helpful the operations manager Kris Surendranath Muhem. He was so kind and made us feel so welcome at the hotel. We travel to London 2 or 3 times a year for shopping and Kris will be the reason we will be returning to the Hilton Metropole.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend break with the family.,"Stayed two nights 17th and 18th April for a weekend break with husband and two teenage children. Stayed on the 14th floor in a family superior room. Excellent room with masses of space. Very comfortable beds 2 queen sizes, and 2 large flat screen tv's. Breakfast was excellent with loads of choice and very helpful staff. Check in was fast and efficient with helpful staff. Tube a short walk away to all major attractions. Large hotel but this did not affect the quality of service from the staff.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not So Hilton ,"I love Hilton Hotels and I have been to dozen of them, but this one did not make it for me. Reception staff was forced to be friendly in my opinion, however they were prompt and helpful. I stayed in a double smoking roomin the tower I think. The corridors smelled awful, housekeeping should've made a better job here. The room is so tiny which comes with a huge springy mattress bed which was not so comfortable, the room is so tiny that I will hit the wooden sharp edge of the huge bed at the entrance almost every time when I get into my room, thank god my little daughter was not with me. In the other hand, the bathroom was also very tiny for a hilton hotel. Although the furniture and fixtures were very old, the cleanliness and maintenance of the room and the bathroom was average. …",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
4157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,rude arrogant reception manager,Reception manager Alexis  really gives the Hilton a bad name   I found him rude arrogant doesnt really suit his role maybe a porter role will suit him to learn the ropes of customer service start at the bottom as hes defnitley not trained to be a reception manager  Each guest who pays to stay in this hotel should be a priority not just groups who come occasionally regular guests should always be treated with respect something this person does not know about  Rooms are available and he makes you wait due to priority groups then walks away as he has no answers when you question him  I had to  complain to the GM PA who referred me to the assistance from the operation manager who was a very nice polite person and dealt with the situation professionally and got a room for me in…,Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
4158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel .,"We booked this to celebrate my partners 50th birthday and our 30th anniversary of being a couple. Some of the reviews on here had us worried but we needn't have been.  We stayed from the 13th to the 17th April . Our teenage daughter was with us and we all had a fantastic time .  The room was in the west wing on 11th  floor it was a good size , spotless and had massive windows practically floor to ceiling .  All staff we came in contact with were friendly and professional and couldn't do enough to help you.  The breakfast was excellent and well organised. We went at 8am for breakfast and didn't encounter any queues. Our stay was during the week so it may well be quieter then. The hotel is very central and has tube stations and a Marks and Spencer just outside. We loved this Hotel…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Anniversary weekend ,We had an excellent stay at the Hilton. It's close by to Oxford Street and covent garden was really close on the tube. Around 20mins max. Edem at the hotel was a delightful gem. So helpful and got us a great room a deluxe king which was a complimentary upgrade.  We had the breakfast in the morning which was great. Great variety but just missed the omelette station they had when I visited last time. It's a huge hotel which great parking underground. Thank you and thank you again Edem.  You're a top guy and ps we loved Fast 7 😉,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Gym staff,"I would like to highlight a remarkable level of service in that place provided by the staff - especially by the gentleman named Benn from the gym, which was really professional,  helpful, friendly and made my day every time I decided to use the facility  Thank you for your hospitality, I will definitely be returning to Hilton soon and shall recommend it to anyone I know.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Huge hotel, yet with excellent service","A big mass production hotel, obviously for business and not for leisure.  We also faced queue for the breakfast, but we did not wait long. There is a refurbishment in progress, I like to believe they will take care also the furniture in the EDG bar. (the fabric in some armchairs need replacement)  We used the restaurant to dine, the food selection was descent and the quality up to standards of a brand like Hilton. Last but not least, the staff was very friendly and helpful, overall, provided professional service.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My family of 5 liked this hotel,"My husband and I with our three kids from ages 7 to 15 visited London for week to see the sights and stayed in this hotel. We loved our stay and had absolutely no negative experiences. The main reason we booked the hotel was as a family of five, there weren't any other hotels when we booked with a comfortable room for the 5 of us, with coffee readily available in the morning, just next to the tube station. The location of the hotel was ideal for our purpose. Now the details:  The rooms: We stayed in the West Wing in the Family Superior Room. The room was very comfortable and clean. It had two Queen sided beds and a sofa bed, all of which were comfortable. In spite of being in the Paddington area, our room seemed quiet and we were able to rest very well. Plenty of storage space.…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great view from Floor 22,"Stayed for a 2 night leisure break, had a room on the 22nd floor of the tower so a great view and less noise. The room was small and set out for a business traveller with a desk and chair you would find in an office so not the luxury I expected for a hotel in London. Bathroom was a bit dated and needs a refurb in my opinion but everything was clean and the bed was comfortable.  We had a meal in the restaurant downstairs which was delicious and the service was excellent, very polite staff so was extremely pleased. They had a sports bar which was nice to just have a drink but you could order food if required. Staff were excellent.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,At last a hotel that delivers a service!,Stayed here for a night whilst out for a few days with my 9 year old and a friend with her two girls 9 & 5 years. From check in to concierge to restaurant and bedroom every element delivered amazing service. The family room we had was perfect. We ate in the restaurant which was excellent value and great quality. Although we queued for breakfast it was worth the wait. Great choice and good quality. Smiling waiter service and very friendly. I would recommend this hotel to both my corporates and leisure agents.bedroom had the best sofa bed I have Seen in a very long time.,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Hotel,"I really enjoyed my stay at the London Metropole, the hotel is very busy but the staff are very helpful. check in was quick and our room in the east wing was excellent. Breakfast was indeed very tasty and the hotel is well located for all major capital city attractons. I will certain stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay and excellent service,Having stayed regularly in the Hilton Met in London it's sometimes easy to overlook the great service given by the team throughout the hotel. The service has always been fantastic and the team in the exec lounge have always ensured that visits are more than welcoming and they really do their upmost to make each visit special. This week though was particularly memorable so I had to post a review to thank all the team but particularly Anna Regula. One of my guests had been recovering from a recent ankle operation and Anna really went that extra mile to ensure that she was really taken care of even improvising an ice pack very skilfully. Thanks to all the team. A great hotel made fantastic by the customer care received.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"For conference,not weekend trips",This hotel is huge. It´s most for Conference guests. The que to breakfast was too long and we waited for 40 minutes. Day 3 we eat at Starbucks and no refund from the hotel. Only free WI-fi in the bar.,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect location to launch from to see central London,"This hotel is perfectly situated to see London.  It is right outside the Congestion Zone, so you can drive and park in the hotel's underground car park (107 spaces, first come, first served) without paying the Congestion Zone fee (or the GBP 100 fine if you enter without pre-paying!).  The Edgware road Tube station is one block away, 10-15 min from there to all of the Central London attractions.  Or, if you prefer to walk, Marble Arch (NE corner of Hyde Park) is less than 20 min away, and Buckingham palace is a 15 minute walk through Hyde Park from there.   The property consists of three buildings--West Wing, Tower Wing, and East Wing (see attached picture).  The West Wing looks like it is the newest/nicest, but East Wing is currently undergoing renovations.  We stayed in a King…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My home in London ,"I've been at the Hilton on business , in a family trip and as couple . Best hotel in London for me. Warm staff. Great rooms.  I'll always go back because if there ever was a problem, and there wasn't, it will be solved in Seconds there. Everything is always beyond my expectations. ",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location and will be better when the updates are complete !,"We booked this hotel for a 1 night stay whilst visiting London . The location is fairly good and the refurished bar area is very nice even if the service is a bit sluggish . The rooms are perhaps dated and in need of a bit of attention, although the beds are comfortable and the room spotlessly clean.  Breakfast was a typical Hilton buffet although it was served in a temporary area as I believe the restaurant was being refurbished too. I would not want to be paying top money for this hotel until all the work is completed, but it was ok for an overnight stop and , I am sure , will be much better once all the improvements are completed .  I wouldn't be rushing back until the renovations are complete , I would however stay again even as is . The staff are friendly and I am sure when…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Inadequate service for the price,"Many problems during the stay: noisy room, bed moving, Internet not working with extremely poor reception. We are in the twenty first century and the hotel still can't provide correct wi-fi coverage everywhere in the hotel...",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
4172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice room Queen superior with a nice view,"We had a nice stay! The room, breakfast, cleaning Is perfect. The two Queen beds are ok for 4. Nice view from the 13th floor in the West Wing. Nice staff. The fitnesscenter was too small. Don't CHOOSE this hotel because of the pool because you have to prebook in advance. We could't find any time to USE it. And the pool is too small for this large hotel with 1000 rooms.  Enjoy London instead. OBS! The fridge is locked But they can lock it up from the reception. If you move a bottle you can be charged for it. The area is ok But we prefere the Covent Garden area. If you like halal restuarants you will find a lot of them at Edgware Road. Close to three underground Lines and several buses to the most important attractions. A nice 15 min. walk to Marble Arch and Hyde Park. Can…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metrople London,"This is a conveniently located hotel. The hotel lobby was undergoing renovations while we were there disruption was kept to a minimum. The restaurant was excellent with gluten and dairy free requirements catered for. The chef came and spoke to us personally and altered dishes accordingly, all was cooked fresh to order. Breakfast, however, was mass produced buffet style which was adequate but not great. Staff were friendly and helpful, a lot of foreign workers which made understanding them a little difficult. Overall a good experience.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great - but not fantastic!,"Fantastic staff and a very nice breakfast. Good location near Paddington, Madame Tussads and Oxford Street. Close to buses and the subway to e.g. Westminister Abbey, Big Ben, Churchills War rooms, London Eye etc  However, the rooms are a bit outdated, especillay the bathrooms. Had also some problems/issues both when checking in and checking out.  But, all in all - a great hotel with good loaction and value for money.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average Visit,"Stayed here in June of last year (late on the review) for one night while deciding where our next stop would be. We found the room to be quite standard, nothing special and same to be said of the service. Nothing in particular to complain about but also nothing to praise. An average stay at an average hotel. ",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I wouldn't pay full price for it,"We booked our trip through a website and only paid half of the correct rate. We thought we were getting a great deal - a posh hotel with the price tag of a B+B two star in this location. The facilities of the hotel are great - the lobby, bar and health suite look lovely, however once we got to our twin guest suite room we found it to be very small and had signs of wear and tear. There was scuff marks on the walls, a chewed up edge of the door frame for the bathroom and not much room for belongings. The air control for the room didn't seem to work, even on the lowest setting I found myself sleeping out of the covers. The shower also seemed to decide for itself what temperature you were to get. One good thing was the noise control through the windows - Edgware Road is a busy one…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One night theartre break,"I stayed here with my sister and mother.  We had a three bed family room in the Tower Wing.  The room was in reasonable decorative order and the bathroom clean and with all the relevant towels and complimentary toiletries.  I was originally concerned about the size of the room and the location in the hotel but I needn't have worried.  There was plenty of room for a one night stay.  The Tower Wing is one of the older parts of the hotel but the corridors and lifts did not look outdated.  The only complaint about the room is the poor heating, it did get quite chilly in the evening.  We tried to alter the heating but it didn't make a lot of difference if any.     Check in was easy and hassle free as was check out.  There were plenty of staff manning the check in desks.  The drinks…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good all rounder ,Stayed for weekend we had a double room on 22 floor stunning views everything clean and comfortable.   Location to the tube perfect.   Swimming pool great and well used although slightly on the chilly side.  Restaurant and room service all good and reasonably priced.   There was a little problem with the lifts being slow but not that bad.   ATaff very helpfull  ,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Trip to London,"After spending time in London at Easter and staying in the Premier Inn at County Hall which was amazing, I was looking forward to taking a small group of adult students to London to see the UMAe, we had arranged to stay at the Hilton Metropole due to it being a college organised trip.  On arrival the check in was unorganised and chaotic, staff was very unhelpful.  This was my first residential trip so first impressions were shocking. Things only got worse when my colleague and myself couldn't get in our room as the keys didn't work, the keys were changed 3 times and in the end security had to let us in.  The room was tiny, all amenities which are in the hotel literature were not available, e.g. tea, coffee, biscuits, shampoo and soap.  The towels were rough and hard, air filter…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
4180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Standard London Hotel,"Stopped here for a function and enjoyed the stay, the general hospitality and room quality were fine.  Breakfast in the morning was a little chaotic, but as I had no time pressure's on me it did not matter.  I was not too impressed with the function dinner, but generally a good stay.  I would stop here again.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great views, clean room and good nights sleep","Stayed in the Tower room on 21st floor, highly recommended has great views of the city spectacular at night. My room was clean, well kept and bed was real comfy, also great central location. I did have a problem with radio for which I did have to call twice to resolve but it got sorted very promptly and quickly.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Too big, great if you like to queue","Give it a miss and go elsewhere. It's too big and impersonal. 20 minutes to check in and similar to check out. Breakfast, the queue is out in to the lobby and isn't worth the wait, plenty of choice locally that is cheaper and better quality. They still charge for internet in rooms at £15 for 24hours. Mean and penny pinching.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Close to Paddington,"I was at Hilton Metropole on business trip.  It is a big and crowded hotel of an international chain. Interesting position, very close to Paddington Station. Nice and clean room. Poor quality of the TV screen. Professional staff at the reception.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Started here ,"We were part of a tour group when we stayed in this hotel, very accomodating and friendly. Very nice hotel with all the amenities, never mind the little renovations undergoing. Will recommend and will come back again. ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't listen to any bad press,"This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel on a trip down from Edinburgh. Everything about the hotel is simply great. Good room sizes, friendly staff yet thoroughly professionally run. Of course you are paying that bit extra but you only get what you pay for. The location is superb, totally central to everything and with the tube next door and taxis always on and assured we were able to cram in so much in the time we had. Will be back? ........no brainer really, to the extent we do not want to risk going anywhere else for fear of let down. Plus it would be a slap in the face to the hotel for betrayal. Made our break! Thanks The Burns family",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Can't ask for more!,"Check in Desk superb! Cleanliness of all area spotless, staff can't do enough to help, so what more can you ask for! Hotel suits all if visiting for pleasure or business and you wouldn't know as so many different areas for different needs!",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, nice location","I was at Hilton Metropole as a family visit for 12 days. I was offered the usual upgrade without much hassle. The location is very convenient for shopping and sight seeing. The hotel tends to be very during certain days of the week - possibly due to its size.   The downside is that internet connection in the East Wing is very erratic and slow. The breakfast can also be very crowded if you are there at the ""wrong"" hours. ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Clean rooms - quiet surroundings,We found clean rooms and quiet surroundings (even near elevators and/or connecting hallway doors) The hotel support staff were very accommodating.  We brought adaptors with us for the electricity issue however the ones we brought did not work in all places - the staff lent us two for our stay.,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel. Loved staying here.,"The room is fantastic and within a great location.  Would definitely stay here again.  Good all you can eat breakfast.  Big rooms, comfortable beds and very clean.   Bit pricey but worth the money.  Lovely service -  bringing chocolates to the room.",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Such a nice Welcome,How nice to come back to the hotel and have the wonderful Sergio welcome me again at the night desk. Again a lovely room that was clean and comfortable. Thank you once again for making me feel special and a valued guest. Thank you team Hilton keep up the great work it is team members like Sergio make all the difference... Happy staff defiantly makes happy customers..,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never fails to dissappoint!,"Having regular social visits to London and having stayed at a number of hotels, I can safely say the Hilton Metropole represents good value for money when comparing.  This is my fourth stay within the last 12 months and time and again the standard of the service and the quality of the room never fails to disappoint.  On this occasion I stayed with my wife and 2 young daughters in a studio suite, which provides ideal accommodation so that my daughters and my wife and I can have separate sleeping rooms.  On the first night we did the usual and caught a show in the West End, which is only a 10-15 minute cab journey from the hotel.  On the second day, shopping on Oxford Street, 5-10 minutes away by cab and on our last day, London Zoo, again 10 minutes away by cab.  As can be seen by…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
4192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Prompted to post this review by hotel's Guest Relations Manager,"I wasn't planning to post a review of the Hilton London Metropole until I was prompted by an email from Lina Zelezauskaite, the Hotel's Guest Relationship Manager. Her email started with Dear Mrs.... when in fact I am male. I had stayed at the Warldorf in London the night before and the contrast was chalk and cheese. The Warldorf was recently refurbished, which showed up the dated and scruffy appearance of the Metropole. A small example was the complete lack of bedside power points at the Metropole, compared UK, European, US and USB power outlets next to the bed of the Warldorf.   The staff were friendly and tried very hard to give good service, so on this basis only I'm going to up my rating from a 2 to a 3.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,excellent hotel,"The hotel has a great location ten minutes walk from Oxford street. We got a big family room with two double beds. The room was clean and spacious. very quiet at night. The staff is very kind and helpful. The front desk is very professional and kind.  The food is very good.   Breakfast offers a big variety of foods and although there were a lot of people queuing up, we only waited a few seconds to be seated.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Prime Location,"We just got back from a family vacation to London and couldn't have been happier with our stay at this property.  It is a block from the Edgware Road Underground stop on the Circle and District lines, and two blocks from the Edgware Road Underground stop on the Bakerloo line.  Also it is only a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station.  If you want the most flexibility and convenience to get around then this is the place to stay!  As other posters have mentioned, the hotel is undergoing renovations and would not be considered a five star hotel.  However the rooms are more than enough for folks who want a quality place to stay and plan to be out exploring the town rather than hanging inside a hotel.  We stayed on the thirteenth floor on the west wing and it was quiet and had a good…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This should not be a HIlton!,"I stayed in this hotel in two different rooms in the last 2 weeks. The first room was fine with the exception of the fact that the mattress (which I always check for bedbugs) was so stained and filthy it looked like multiple murders had been committed on it. During my second stay, that mattress was equally disgusting but the room (#1822) had more pressing problems- it reeked of a urine smell (as did that whole floor of the hotel) and was also very warm, with no ventilation at all. I immediately called down to reception and complained and they first sent someone up to open up the windows (which are kept locked) and then a second person came up who turned opened the ceiling panel and turned on the ac. He also stated that he turned down the thermostat to 16 celsius but it never…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
4196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Less than average ,"WiFi was slow and difficult to access. Room was dated and maid service was poor, she left dirty glasses and cups in the room.   Lobby should be inviting, but was crowded with long lines of people.  Only one concierge who was doing his best.  Lobby wifi was also poor, dropping signal every 3 minutes.  Wait staff in the lobby bar were over taxed, unable to serve swiftly, waited 22-minutes for drinks after ordering :-( ",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
4197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Unfortunately not impressed on this occasion,"I have been staying at this hotel on and off for over 20 years, now in the USA but chose this hotel on our 6 day visit to London, The high floor room booked faced a block of apartments with no view whatsoever, the beds were the nosiest I have ever come across, small bathroom, the swimming pool was closed, the (paid for) internet slow, many problems with mini bar had 3 visits to room to prove we had not used all the contents. on the plus side, yes there is one, the staff were efficient and friendly no exceptions which is a big plus.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
4198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worthy of the Hilton name,"We are here as part of a Globus tour. Shame on them for partnering with this sorry excuse for a Hilton. The room is very old, smells poorly as well. The walls are very thin and we can hear a lot of noise. The breakfast is barely satisfactory. About the only good thing is that it is about a 2 min walk from the Tube and the internet is pretty fast. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
4199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Could have settled for a better hotel,"Everything is alright. Not much specialty. But do not get fooled by the Hilton name. I went there and everything is not Hilton like. Could have settled for Hilton Paddington at that time but no rooms available. Other than that, everything's average and staff were all smiles. ",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average,"We have stayed in other Hilton Hotels in London, but found this stay disappointing in comparison. Dirty sock in room, no bathroom lock.  Pool not open due to maintenance, but we booked especially for the pool and hadn't been informed by email before or even when we arrived. All five of us staying drank in the bar until very late at night probably spending about £300 or more during the night,  but staff did not bring change for the drinks back.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another good Hilton,It was a Hilton and did not seem to unimpress. There was only 1 time where the breafast room was moved to a weird room but other than that it was fine. The only thing that botherd me was that it's floor plan did not look organized. Everyone was friendly tho and ready to help.,Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
4202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Book only for Location,"Big Hotel with 1000+ rooms. Check In/Out queue itself is of 8-10 persons. The only plus with this Hotel is its location. Paddington train stations is 5 minutes walk, almost all Underground lines are 2 minutes walk. You can reach anywhere in London with ease. Good, if you want to travel and explore places in London. Coming to the comfort factor, I would rate the Hotel 1. The rooms are very Old, carpets in the room are smelly, ACs broken and worst part is that Mattress was very bad, springs sounding. Reception staff told me that they are in the process of renovating the rooms.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Unfriendly, out of date and double charged!","Very disappointed ... With one or two exceptions, I found staff to be unhelpful and rude.  Room in desperate need of updating and had lovely view of a brick wall!! No hairdryer or guest wifi and v small bathroom.  Have now been charged twice for room and refusal from Hilton to help resolve the matter ... Been told this will now take 15 days to return to account! Extremely poor customer service!",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
4204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very small, tired bedrooms with very strange smells!","I have stayed twice in this hotel staying for a conference.  The hotel reception area is clean and the staff well trained. After that it is all down hill.  Queued for 10 minutes for a lift to my room, the room was very small and smelt of damp, it took a further 20 minutes to go back downstairs to change the room but the new room was no better! I gave  up at that stage. Huge queues for the lifts and breakfast - a very poor Hilton.  Thankfully the conference is moving venue next year so won't have to stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
4205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Manager, Corporate Finance","I did not enjoyed my experience at the hotel at all. The key to my room was problematic on a particular instance, i can down 5 times to the reception to fix it before i insisted someone came with me to open the door.   The internet was always disconnecting and i probably reconnected over 20 times.  All of these gave me a unpleasant experience at the hotel.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another Good Stay at the Metropole,We have stayed at the Hilton Metropole on a number of occasions and again the hotel more than matched our needs and expectations.  Check in was fast and courteous and we had a Queen Superior on the 13th Floor. The room was clean and the beds very comfortable.  The hotel is very convenient for both Edgware Rd tube stations and Marble Arch and the start of oxford street is about 15 minutes on foot.  My only gripe about the hotel would be the inadequate set up for breakfast. The restaurant is too small and the buffet area poorly laid out causing congestion. Even the staff member clearing our table remarked on this.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,accommodation rating,overall experience fell short of my expectations. Shower in the bathroom didn't work properly .  Long queue at check in. Swimming pool not in use during my stay due to renovation which wasn't mentioned prior to arrival,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large hotel.,A very large hotel at the end of Edgeware Road. A little inpersonal as most hotels this size are but still friendly service in all the bars and restaurants. The area around Edgware Road is an Arabic part of London so anything from Lebanese food to water pipes goes!. I had my hair cut for 10 GBP just around the corner!. Great breakfast even though there was a 15 minute wait to get a table.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel!,"Just back following 3 nights stay here. Travelling with my husband and 7 year old daughter. Great base for exploring London. Just across road from both  Edgeware tube stations. Friendly helpful staff. Very very busy hotel but does not spoil the experience at all. Breakfast very busy but staff very able to manage the queues. We had a double double room in the west wing. Highly recommend! Great view. Very spacious when with the family. Overall, great stay!!!!!!!!!!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"excellent service, but lobby is better than rest of hotel","The service was great, and the staff were really accommodating, so overall we had a lovely experience.  However, the rooms themselves were not as impressive as the lobby and the 'whiskey lounge' so when we got to our floor and saw the old fashioned carpets and our basic room, we were a little disappointed.  I did pay for a basic room though, so perhaps people who spend more get a room that fits in with the communal decor!",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fairly good room rates but a little pricy inside.,"Booked via booking .com for a Friday and Saturday night and was happy with the rates I got for the two night stay. Booked a twin room and although the room was a little smaller than the advertised picture on the web, the beds were comfortable and bathroom adequate - if again little small. Plenty of hot water and shower was OK  -------{Note to the management - the toilet cistern in room 701 is extremely slow to refill after flushing so need looking at} --------  We did not eat at the hotel so can not comment on the food quality.  After a full day out we did have a few drinks in the bar. Now you expect to pay more in hotel bars so no real surprise that the drinks were expensive however the drinks we have had all day cost us around the 8-9 pound mark but this was double 16 and 18…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel near Edgeware,"Nice modern Hilton and good staff. I have stayed here several times and always had a good experience. Adjacent to Edgeware Road tube station, so reasonably central and often fairly low prices compared with other London Hiltons.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,"We stayed in this hotel on Saturday 28th March! It is in a brilliant location, literally 2 minutes away from Edgware Road tube station, and only a 10 minute walk from the bottom of Oxford Street. checkin was smooth and very friendly and the hotel was clean and very modern! The room was a good size but was slightly dated, but not to the point where it made a difference! We had room service for dinner and the food quality was amazing, I would recommend the Pork loin steak! The bed was comfortable and the shower was of a good temperature. The breakfast was very busy Sunday morning, but we didn't have to wait long to be seated, as well as all of the standard Hilton breakfast items, they also had waffles which was a lovely treat!  I would highly recommend this hotel and we will…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Easy location next to Paddington Station,"Hilton London Metropole is your typical Hilton. Rooms are large for Europe and will fitted. There are 2 wings - East & West. I stayed in the West wing. The staff was helpful. The breakfast was well prepared in both the exec lounge and the restaurant. The bar does stock some wonderful whiskeys, too. We found several mid priced restaurants in walking distance from the area. We also were able to take a long 5 mile or so hike past most of major sites like Big Ben, Parliament, Buckingham Place, etc. from the hotel on the day I had off. Only negative is as Hilton Honors member, they kept forgetting to drop off my water for a few days. They did get it right the last 2 days of the stay. Minor, but annoying.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel Thats A Little Dated,"Stayed Here end of March for the weekend with my girlfriend. We booked this hotel the day before we went and got another very good deal on booking.com. The hotel is very easy to get to, its right outside the Edgware Road tube station and doesn't take long to get to from Kings Cross. When we arrived we didn't have to queue long before checking in, the staff on check in were very helpful and even gave us a free upgrade to the Tower Wing on the top floor. There are numerous bars and lounges in the lobby which we didn't have time to try out but they were very nice looking. The hotel was currently being done up on the inside however it didn't cause any issues. The room was very well designed, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was good but a little small. The hallways of the…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Would not recommend this Hotel,Stayed in this Hotel for one night recently and thankfully I did not have to stay longer.  The hotel is tatty and tired and in bad need of a makeover.  I even noticed another guest ask for a different chair in the restaurant because the one at this table had no padding.  The lobby and reception areas are cold and uninviting and two areas of the hotel are linked to together by what looks like a corridor in an underground shopping mall.  The room was small with two single beds and a TV menu that was not worth the trouble to try and figure out.  Don’t look for privacy in your room as I could clearly hear several conversations from within the rooms walking down the corridor.  Sleep was broken by someone shoving the bill under the door at 3.30 am and the noise of the person next door…,Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
4217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic - couldn't have asked for more!!,"We stopped overnight for a short stay in London. We were upgraded to an executive suite for free - for the first time ever!! Staff were very friendly and efficient. Room was very comfy, spacious and clean. We even had an awesome view!! Great!! ",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,home away from home,"This hotel is conveniently located next to several Metro and train stations and other public transportation. If you like to roam around London you can hop on the bus or Metro right by the hotel. Then when you are ready, it is easy to find your way back. The hotel personnel  are very professional and super friendly and ready to help you. And the rooms are clean and modern with several different types of sockets ready for use. The rooms are quiet even if the hotel is by the busy and bustlin Edgware road. There are several well stocked supermarkets from right across the road to couple of minutes walk away. Also the hotel has plenty of places where you can eat, and there are many restaurants nearby.  The hotel also have a several saunas and warm pool, i like to use if the weather is…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mediocre Experience Oerall,"I am currently a guest at the Hilton London Metropole — staying here with my wife and two children — and so far our stay has been disappointing. First, the lobby is frequently a zoo, and while check-in was fine, we then had to wait an abnormally long time for a bellhop to help take our bags up to our room. When I finally got tired of waiting and started to take a cart up myself, a bellhop finally appeared and said, “Sorry you can’t take that.” After I gave him a piece of my mind he suddenly was available to take our bags up to our room after a few more minutes of waiting.  We are staying in the west wing, which makes it a hassle to get to any of the amenities. I am a Hilton HHonors Diamond member, which is great for things like access to the executive lounge for evening drinks…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
4220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mike Dent,I am a Very frequent stayer in Hiltons but I must say I was disappointed in the London Metropole. Very very tired! Rooms small and in need of an update. The executive lounge was something like a scene from Life on Mars. I will not be coming back.,Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
4221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very average,"This Hotel is very dated. With hundreds (maybe thousand) of rooms, there is no way you feel special and unique. The common are upstairs are very tired and smell like fish. So does the room. The staff is trying though and being helpful. I Was firt appalled when I saw the very long queue to check in a a 7.30 pm  but it   quicker than  expected. It is convenient as it is central",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
4222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent as always,"Being a coach driver usually means getting to the back or basement n small shady rooms with very little outlook apart from concrete walls or the air con workings outside your window. In all my stays here I've always been made to feel like a first class guest. Every room has been large with a good size bed and TV. All the bathrooms have been clean, had showers over the bath and had always had a good pressure wash from them. Been placed a bit higher than normal for this weekend (Friday to Sunday), I'm up on the 15th floor. I'm looking over the city of London and can clearly see all the buildings and attractions that need to stand out. Very impressed with the day view and even more with the night. Looking out the window down below Im looking down edgeware road, it's full of busses…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but a little dated,"Me and my husband stayed here for a weekend visit to london for his 30th birthday. On arrival, the receptionist was helpfull and friendly and the overall look of the hotel was impressive inside the lobby. We got to our room and were a little disappointed as the room was dated, and the bathroom wasn't fantastic. We had a broken flush on the Wc which wasn't great, but this apart, our stay was really comfortable and the room was tidy. Breakfast in the morning was good, large selection of everything you could think off! Unfortunately let down by the service of the staff who took a while to serve us, and were not very friendly. But all in all a great hotel, comfortable room, and close for access to all areas of london as it is close to the tube station.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A great disappointment,"I have not stayed in a Hilton for many years. My company booked me in and I was looking forward to a little bit of luxury. The first disappointment was a very slow check in. Only two staff working at about 6pm. Two others standing behind the group and airline crew check in desk doing nothing.  The room was clean and large but decor and furniture was very tired.  I ordered room service but after it had been delivered I discovered that the two small bottles of lager were warm.  Bed was large but I had an uncomfortable sweaty night due to a completely non-breathable mattress protector. In the morning however when I looked at the mattress protector I discovered that it had actually been protecting me from the dirty, stained mattress.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
4225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,average room,"The hotel in general is good, restaurant and sports bar are both good. The room was big but very out dated with a very small ensuite with a view of the main road. the location has lots of close pubs/restaurants and is only about 15 min walk to Hyde Park",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good value,"A hilton which is pretty standard if somewhat dated.  Location is good for Paddington and Euston but slightly out of the heart of London.  The stand out points though are its being refurbished so currently the pool area is closed.  Secondly, probably because of the refurbishment it offers some great rates for London.  If you can get a discounted rate, it's worth it, if not try elsewhere.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Above average rooms,"I have stayed at this hotel more than 100 times and most of the time, I am always happy. This time again, I got an upgraded room which was good size. The breakfast was served also which is always a good one at this hotel. I love the breakfast at this hotel as comparing to many other hotels, the quality here is much better, Location is perfect. Just a less than 5 minutes walk from Paddington station. Will come here definitely next time",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Modern hotel in good location,We stayed here for one night for my birthday and found the hotel to be fine - large room and so well double glazed that the traffic noise was almost indistinguishable. We booked the hotel through Hotwire so didn't know in advance which hotel we were going to get; but were suitably pleased. Good location for Notting Hill and Hyde park. Only one gripe is that the Wi-Fi didn't work in the room.  We didn't have breakfast there as at £12 per person we thought that was a bit overpriced - there are many cafes around where one can have coffee and croissant for a cheaper price if that what you want. All in all I would recommend.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Javier rules ok,"As a HH Gold member I can be disappointed in the greeting I get on arriving at HH hotels. Javier on duty tat the HH desk surpassed all my expectations. He apologized as the pool was closed and offered us an upgraded room. Staff as always excellent, the hotel is undergoing some renovation and benefits from same.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing ,"Very old fashioned room, everything is small, the room the bathroom and the 2 single beds ! I am quite tall and it is going to be a nightmare to sleep here with my feet outside the bed tonight. First and last time at this hotel, I was expecting much more staying at a Hilton..,",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
4231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It's better than expected,"Let's be honest, Edgware Road is not really where 'it's at' although if you are from Arabia maybe you'd disagree with me, whatever it's not a fashionable part of town.   So why did I end up staying there? Two reasons it was the best deal in town and it's handy for Paddington, also as I was only staying for one night and had a busy schedule I only wanted somewhere to rest my head. Expectations were though low as I hadn't been there for a very long time indeed.  First impressions were excellent. Very bright reception area, obviously recently refurbished, very friendly and helpful receptionist, no complaints there, lots of good tips, complimentary WiFi and a deal on breakfast.  The whole ground floor is being refurbished and what they've done so far is excellent. My room was in the…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room smells,"the room is small and smelled like toilet. as we only stay for one night, so didn't bother to ask for change. location is good, staff are helpful. a mix feeling of good and bad. one thing have to say is the swiming pool is nice, small but not many ppl were using it. kids loved it.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
4233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Trying hard,"It's a massive hotel in a reasonable position. If it's peace and quiet you want not really the hotel for you. Still undergoing renovation in the public areas and I believe some rooms still to be upgraded, location wise is right next to Edgware road tube stations. Only £10 in taxi from Euston. Would say it was on an area you would want to walk about in.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,I had a  wonderful  few days at the hotel. Even though I had seen some bad reviews on TripAdvisor regarding the customer service problems.  I  can only speak highly and had no incidents of bad customer service.  Please keep up with the  great customer service that I  experienced  during my stay. From the  doorman to the receptionist to the breakfast staff and room service staff. It was  a  great stay. See you  on my next visit to London. ,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No room at the inn!!,"Went on trip with a coach company. Got to reception only to be told that Hilton had no records or a room for us. We had a ticket for the trip and all the other people on the bus got a room. After 20 mins the receptionist came back to offer us a smoking room (are you allowed to smoke indoors in a public place in UK?). We suggested what to do with that, and then she went off into the back office again. 10 mins later she came back with an offer of a smoking room for one night and an upgrade to a superior room next night. Again we said no, and after about 40 mins in total we were told a room had been found and they were preparing it. (probably spraying the smoke stained surfaces with air freshener). We were also offered a dinner voucher which we accepted. The TV didn't work, the…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Functional,"The only thing that would make you want to stay at the Hilton Metropole, is the fact that the conference you're attending is located within the amenities. All the rest is not worth, poor service, low level of comfort, all in all a very functional stay, in a very functional hotel.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
4237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Metropolis,"A city within a city 1095 rooms!  Quite big!! Went as a family and all of us were looked after. The room was typically hilton. Went the gym , small and the pool is tiny . I would stay again, but its nothing to rave about.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location steps away from 2 tube stations,"We stayed in a executive suite on the 6th floor, which gave us access to the executive lounge for breakfast. The room was beyond awesome, the bed was super comfortable and came with plenty of pillows. The living room had a sofa and lounge chair and a small dining table, which more than suited our needs.The bathroom was more than we expected and was awesome. The only downside was hearing the ambulance sirens at night, that of course if out of the hotels realm of control.  I would stay here again and recommend it to others.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Metropole Hotel,The hotel was okay but nothing special. Check in staff were friendly and I got a sort of an upgrade but the room was not exceptional --. check in staff did not offer me the option of joining the rewards programme nor did they explain anything about the leisure facilities.,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Solid hotel,Stayed at the hotel for the ASCL conference and I have to say the entire event went very smoothly. The hotel was clean and the rooms well appointed and comfortable. Would like to return with my family as it was in a really useful location with the tube station easily accessible.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Average, ugly and annoying","Stayed at the Hilton Metropole on business in February. From outside the building is reminiscent of communist Romania in the 80's. The reception and lobby areas are a bit better looking with a spacious contemporary feel. Check in was relatively painless outside of the usual ""breakfast isn't included in the price"" routine. This despite it clearly stating on the booking documents that breakfast is indeed included. The room was disappointing to be honest considering it cost nearly £200 for the night. It was the standard ""travel lodge"" lay out but at least the bed was comfy. The view consisted of the next tower block along which added to its communist charm. I didn't use the hotels facilities so cannot comment. The bar was seriously expensive - ""London prices mate"" - of course that…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Incompetent,Attending as part of a conference they had failed to allocate a room despite the booking being made 6 months earlier.  Asked to wait for a few minutes while they got a room ready which in reality was over an hour.  Lied to repeatedly while waiting.  Would never visit again due to utter incompetence.  If I ran my business the same way I would rightfully be bankrupt.,Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
4243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,Quite a good place to stay in London. Nice location. Check-in was smooth but Check-out was slow due to heavy Rush. Rooms are great but small with adequate facilities. Food is great. Will surely return.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good accommodation for family of five, great access to North London","We stayed in this hotel for four nights.  Front desk had nice staff, some confusion after Hilton.com gave me the unrequested option of choosing my room and then on arrival they didn't want to give me the room I chose. On admission I was asked if I wanted to pay in dollars or pounds, having just stepped of an 8 hour flight I said dollars, but later thought that my credit card would give me a better exchange rate.  The invoice at the time of checkout said this could be changed ""at any time"" during our stay.  When I went to make this change, I was told the computers were down and this change could not be made, even though people were being checked in all around us.  We had a family room which was large, contemporary, and clean.  Lobby areas were pleasant and modern, but generic. …",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid room 323,"I checked in late in the evening and I was told that 323 was the only non-smoking room available, so I took it. 323 is located at the meeting rooms floor, at the very end of an extremely narrow corridor, the door itself is smaller than normal to fit the dimensions of the corridor.  As I entered the room I found old furniture, two single beds on a dirty moquette. A long hair was lying on the towels in the bathroom. The worst surprise was that opening the curtains I realized that there is a magnificent view on a wall. I will publish pictures that can testify. To cut a long story short: definitely NOT a Hilton standard room, not even a three star one. I could see as a storage room for the staff indeed. Sorry, I am generally an Hilton fan, but this time I was completely deceived.  ",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
4246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better than before,"I was booked into the upgraded West Wing of the hotel with an upgraded room. The corridors, lobby etc have a great new feel and the hotel is much easier to access. The room was done up with much more contemporary furnishing and was a great improvement on the old ,stale furnishing. I wished they had done the bathrooms which are still in need to some work.....a much better experience than before",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Service and Management ,"I am a Diamond Hilton member and stay in Hilton Hotels every week. The Metropole is by far one of the worst hotels in the chain. I am a diabetic and have my insulin in the fridge which was blocked because the hotel did not take enough security deposit on my credit card. When needing to access the insulin the mini bar was locked and i was told to go to the reception to put further deposit down.  Outside of bad service, willingness to risk the health of their customers, the bathrooms and rooms in general are below Hilton quality.",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
4248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,Check in entailed a long wait and an unnecessary argument over whether breakfast was included. Having been assured by someone at the hotel earlier in the day that it was the staff were adamant that it wasn't. We then upgraded our room as ours wasn't ready this cost an extra £20 per night. When we reached the room on the 17th floor we were horrified by the stench of rotten fish caused possibly by the rotting window frames. We then trailed back to reception and were given a much nicer room on the 22nd floor. The concierge staff were very pleasant and helpful and I felt quite sorry for the reception staff who seemed to spend a lot of time placating unhappy guests. All in all disappointing. I would suggest senior management need to review their attitude to guests. I,Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overall Great Stay!!,"Outstanding customer service experienced during the entire stay.  The rooms were extremely clean, and very well laid out floor plan.  I felt the restaurants had great food selections, and it was great.  Overall great stay!!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing reception team in disappointing hotel,"Hilton honors clearly does not work well unless you have your card with you. Waiting for 15 minutes to be served at reception they could not find me on their database and said I could not have been to a Hilton in the last six months and my membership must have expired. Not impressed and even less impressed when I was allocated a broom cupboard to sleep in with no hairdryer    Beeakfast however was great, and a big improvement on the last time I had breakfast in this hotel.  They are currently in the middle of a lot of renovation work, if I have to make an excuse for them   However what they need is renovation of training for their reception team",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the usual Hilton standard,"We were three adults staying in a so called family room for three nights. The room was a bit too small for three single beds, the bathroom was small as well and everything was a bit tried to look at.  The lobby was very modern and the breakfast was good",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent all round hotel,"Hotel centrally located,excellent service. Front desk staffed by courteous multi lingual staff. Excellent English buffet breakfast spread. Getting into central London could not be easier with close access for circle and district underground stations- Edgeware road and Paddington  station. A Mark n Spenser's just across the road makes it a doddle for food and clothing shopping.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wasn't impressed this go around.,"We've stayed here before, as they have family rooms which really are some of the biggest family rooms I've ever seen in a Hilton.  Location is good as has been previously mentioned - easy access to tube stations.   And yes they were doing a renovation in the lobby - but that didn't bother us that much.  And while we did stay during Feb mid-term break, we knew it would be busy - but it was almost like staying in a Disney Hotel - yes, that busy.   Pros: Location, size of rooms  Cons:  1 ) the breakfast.   Its crowed, yes you have to queue to get a table - that actually goes quite quickly.  Then most normal people queue to get their food though sometimes there was the odd person that thought they could just jump right in.  We did the buffet.  This was average at best.  Selection of…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent location in central London,This is a lovely hotel that is located in an area of london that allows easy access to all the popular attractions. The hotel is very comfortable and the staff are very attentive without being overbearing. Our room was very big and beautifully clean. The bathroom was of a very good size and standard.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Splendid family hotel,"We stayed four days in family room (2 adults and 2 kids). Room was about 36 square meters an had two double beds plus bed sofa. As usual the beakfast was Hilton standard that I define to be at it worst very good and as it best excellent. I have not used Metropole before but haven't realized how excellent the location is: Edgwate road with Circle, District and Hammersmith&City plus Bakerloo are all available 200 meters from hotel. Would and will stay again.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel and good city views,I have stayed twice at this hotel and i must say the Hotel reception staff were superb on arrival and each time I stayed I got an upgrade on my room which was lovely. high level around floor 13 in the new part of the building. The hotel does not have a boutique look but its a great business hotel. Staff in the two bar areas were also very nice and no complaints here at all. Breakfast was a total let down for me as i suffer from allergies and so need a large breakfast fruit selection which was very poor so a real disappointment here which is why i dropped 1 star on the review.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Heathrow option,"Sometimes I work around the Heathrow area and usually stay at the airport hotels but having stayed here I will now book at this hotel.  It's not perfect but it is good enough for a business traveller and has decent rates.  The hotel is a 7 minute walk from Paddington Station where you can get the Heathrow Express.  Hotel to the terminal is 30 minutes if you time it right.  It is also situated right next to a Tube Station to get into Central London.  Edgeware Road is not my favourite part of London but here you have easy access if you want to go out for a few hours and it is certainly a better option than Heathrow.  Check-in was lengthy but it is a big hotel and the airport arrivals come in waves so it is to be expected.  All the staff were excellent, room was clean and the desk…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge place,"Check in and check out were very quick, the room was of a good size,clean and comfortable.Breakfast was busy but at 08.30 to be expected.Location is excellent 10 mins walk to Oxford St and a 2 min walk to the tube station,a lot of good restaurants in the area.All in all a very enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very good hotel,"I have stayed here over the years and it has always been of a very high quality. This visit was for a conference, food and facilities were quite excellent.  Had to do some calls from the lounge and service was very good, with some well though through design including a Scandinavian style work space.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Stay,"Just spent 2 very pleasant nights staying in an Excutive King Room at your hotel.  Whilst some of the furnishings (carpets, bathroom etc) are looking a little worn, The bedding was clean and comfortable and the staff were very friendly and helpful when necessary, the Exectutive Longe was a quiet retreat, apart from the peak times (which was to be expected).  The Renovations which are underway were not too intrusive and I was warned about those when booking.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,B&B for Westminster visit & Show,"We were in a group of 50 and stayed overnight.  Booking in and out was quick and easy, room was good and their was a very good choice for breakfast.  What impressed most was that while staff at breakfast were unobtrusive they always seemed to be there when needed which meant that breakfast was quick and easy allowing an early start without any hassle.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,very good,"Good location, close to edgware rd tube station. Lovely staff, had and an excellent bartender after we got back from our show in the west end.  We would definately recommend this hotel as being so close to the tube means easy acess to everywhere.  We requested an early check in and were very pleased on arrival when this was available.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great London Hotel next to Edgware Road Underground Station,"I have been staying at this hotel, on and off, for almost 18 months - staying 2 or 3 nights a week.  I have to say the hotel is excellent.  Firstly the staff are always courteous, helpful and friendly.  As I have been staying at the Hilton for a reasonably long time I have access to the Executive lounge and I can say the staff here are exceptional.  Secondly, the rooms are kept to a high standard, especially in the West Wing, however each wing in this very large hotel has its positives.  The East Wing houses the gym and swimming pool - the facilities are good however a little small for the size of the hotel.  I usually use it between 6pm -9pm and only once over the period I have stayed there has it been very busy.  The pool/sauna/steam facility are kept very clean too.  I have…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Is Hilton losing the touch?,"Actually start wondering why i choose Hilton hotels when travelling. This hotel for sure did not meet my expectations.   This trip is one of the few i brought my family on having some expectations that the hotel should show up as nice experience for us all.   Started up by them giving us a room that should have been refurbished at least 5 years ago. Total unbelievable that they even dare to sell this room in general. Gone were the Hilton feeling there and then. (Yes i am some demanding but spending over 100 nights at Hilton hotels pr year i feel i have the right to be.)  Very disappointing start that were taken care of after a night with limited sleep because the beds were making so much noise, says it all i would believe.   On the positive side the location is great with a lot…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Could be better ,"Visited this hotel in January with a visiting friend; firstly check in was a lengthy process, which I can appreciate for a hotel of this size, however once greeted we were offered no apology for the 20 minute wait we had just incurred. We were given our keys however the receptionist didn't explain any of the hotel facilities or offer any direction.  Room was very clean and comfortable, nothing to fault there! We decided to go for a cocktail at the top floor bar which was a mistake; we ordered an 'old fashioned' cocktail and recieved a gin martini ?! Staff really need some retraining. Management were apologetic and handled the situation well.  Overall nice hotel in a good location but the staff here are letting the Hilton name down a little. ",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Loved it,"We stayed here for one night and checked out this morning. I wish I'd have been a bit quicker off the mark when we were offered a preferential 2nd night rate some weeks ago, but never mind.  Check-in was easy and we were early, but still allowed up to our room.  in no time, we were in our room on the 10th floor of the West wing.  These rooms have been refurbished recently and are very nice with a modern contemporary feel. Two good sized double beds with a large LG flat screen positioned in front of them. Light and airy but contrasted with dark wood furniture. Also a nice deep bath with a good shower. There was a Philips remote for the LG TV for some reason, but it worked, so no issues there.  Views from this side of the hotel are great. The windows are floor to ceiling sized and…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't get the invisible table at breakfast,"Nice enough hotel, comfy beds, quiet everything you need except power sockets as par for the course.  The rating is for the restaurant. I found the invisible table, seated for 5 minutes before chasing somebody rushing past for tea despite tables on both sides offered during this time.  Went for food and came back to a cleared table, this time asked 3 times for tea and 20 minutes later actually got some once breakfast was over.  Tea left just like me never to return.",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
4268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing for a Hilton,"Stayed for two days over a weekend. Checked in easily but then shown to a nice room but very noisy outside. So asked to change room and was upgraded, for a fee. But the new room was tiny with a small bed and furniture that was in urgent need of replacement. The bathroom was also very small. So complained again and this time was given a much nicer room - if only all the others were like this - reasonably large and comfortable. Breakfast was in a large downstairs dining room - very full and noisy with loud piped music that made concentration and conversation difficult. The food was OK but no more than that. This was the poorest Hilton I have stayed in - they really should be doing better.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hilton lobby, rest of the hotel needs upgrading","I have visited several Hiltons around world and I have used to certain standards.  The hotel does not look fancy from outside but modern lobby welcomes you with fresh athmosphere and modern design. Once you get the room key and find the elevator, you'll notice that you are in pretty old establishment. Apparently there is renovation ongoing and based on the photos some rooms have already been refurbished. If shabby hotels are not for you, it is definetely recommended to check which kind of room you will get before confirming your booking.  Location is good: quick access to Paddington and Kings Cross stations, Edgware underground just on the opposite side of the street. Nice breakfast on 12 pounds was available, Marks and Spencer and several other breakfast options available just…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Great hotel, on the 21st floor but didnt take long to get there in the speedy lifts. Didnt get a chance to use the pool but it looked great. Great service from the staff. Really liked the piano playing in the bar area, will definitely stay here again if in the area.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"great location, service & facilities","It was my wife's birthday and a cake was left in our room - nice touch. Clean room, excellent service. A very warm welcome even though slight confusion over pre-checked in room. Executive lounge offered good hospitality. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A weekend in London with the girls,"I forgot my work phone on my bed in my hotel room. The staff helped me looking for it and getting it back to Belgium! Super staff, super hotel. They answer all your questions, give you tips on where to eat and where to go out. A real pleasure!!",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Check your bedding first,"Stayed here on weekend, and was not happy with the cleanliness of the bedding, After a long day, walking around London and then seeing a show in the evening, I was glad to get my head down, jumped into bed and there was blood on the sheets, my daughter then checked her bed and her bed had not been changed either. Phoned reception and was offered to change room, but being 12.30, I wasn't happy with that, so they sent new sheets up for us to change our own beds, So I'd advice all,to check as soon as you arrive that your room is clean, not like us. ",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
4274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A hotel in transition,"I have stayed in this hotel dozens of times over the years and it is very much in transition with current building works in the lobby. The hotel is large however all the staff are friendly and do their best to make you welcome. As a Hilton Honors member their is an executive check in on the 2nd floor which avoids the hurly burly of the main reception on the ground floor. Make sure to ask for a room in the west wing. These are all large and modern, Do not stay in the tower rooms which, as other reviewers have said, are dark and in need of renovation.  The exec lounge though is nowhere near large enough so expect to stand up in the evenings at weekends.   The hotel is well located opposite Edgeware Road tube station. Beware the car park is very expensive even for London. Breakfast…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average stay fantastic location,"Let me start by highlighting how helpful and friendly all of the staff were throughout our stay. It's clear this is a very popular hotel and seemed that the lobby area was constantly chaotic full of people arriving and leaving it never seemed to stop! The staff were fantastic and incredibly helpful. Room as you would expect fresh clean modern and we were on floor 20 of the tower wing with a fantastic view. The lifts for the tower wing are very fast be warned! I actually felt a bit sick when we used it!  Due to the hotel being so busy and being in such a fantastic central location directly opposite edgware road underground, we didn't actually sleep well at all. There were sirens waking us up throughout the night and baring in mind we were on the highest floor and it was still so…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, good breakfast","Stayed in early March 2015.   Location - Fantastic. 20 minutes walk to Oxford Street and 2 undeground stations practically right in front of the hotel. There's also a Marks and Spencer store oppoite the hotel as well. And as a Muslim, there are plenty of halal eateries within easy walking distance from the hotel.  Service - Good. Reception staff very good and helpful. Housekeeping did their job well as well with the room tidied up punctually every day. The concierge helped me secure a taxi in the wee hours of the morning and service was with a smile.  Breakfast - Good. Plenty of choice, although it was the same everyday. They even had halal sausages. Variety of bread, salads, bran, meat etc. You could actually eat enough to skip lunch.   Room and Ambience - Average. Went for…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,"Great stay.. Check in  was swift, and staff helpful, had room on 9th floor. Very quick  and courteous in dealing with requests by guests, even though hotel was busy. Would not know you were in the centre of London, it was so quiet. Breakfast was good, staff quick at  replenishing supplies, and making sure guests had everything they required. Bar on the 23rd floor well worth a visit, as the views over London are superb. Have stayed here before, and it did not disappoint the second time around.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,like a mini city,"Been staying here on business for years, if you're looking for a cosy quaint hotel this isn't for you, the place is immense and like a mini city in itself. Excellent standard generally throughout, though some of the older rooms in the tower and east wings could do with a bit of a revamp. Staff are very friendly and are from a huge array of different nationalities. The sports bar is great for live football in an evening if that takes your fancy and also has decent bar food available. Eaten at the Thai restaurant on the top floor once and whilst a bit pricey the food was a good standard. Breakfasts are also really nice with a wide array of choices. For those with access the exec lounge is one of the bigger and better ones in London on the second floor of the west wing, though it…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid this hotel,"Just this side of the Bates Motel. Although the staff try to make up for it, the rooms are very, *very* tired. The bed in my room was kinda-sorta a platform bed, but the mattress just sank down to a pancake when I sat on it. No view from the seventh floor tower room - just the wall of the building next door. Small, cramped bathroom with poor lighting.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
4280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst that London has to offer,"Quite simply the Hilton Metropole is a truly miserable place to stay and the quality of the product on all counts is poor quality. Many of the rooms are narrow corridors with a very gap between the wall and the end of the bed and this makes the room a truly uncomfortable place to be.  The corridors leading to the rooms are gloomy and generally have a tired/dirty feel to them.  Reception is utter chaos with a constant queue of more than 20 people.  We ordered so expensive cocktails in the main bar and the bar tender clearly had no idea and missed out most of the ingredients - these were rejected.  Breakfast was served in a sub basement in what can only be described as a holiday camp dining room.  In addition, all the food was either cold or stale and inedible  A complaint was…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
4281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton quality,"I stayed this hotel in 2012 for one night during my buss trip , this week after 3 years later I stayed in the same hotel (reason is location because very close to the company that we work together) . Location is great only 10 min from Paddington station so you can reach here within 25 min with using Heathrow Express. Breakfast and service is really good. When we talk about the rooms unfortunately those absolutely not in Hilton quality. 3 years ago I shocked when I see my room in tower because that was abosuletly vesy old and needed serious renovation. This week Ilived the same feelings and even more suprising because my room in tower is exactly same and nothing renovated. At the moment they are making renovation in lobby and bar and I am sure that will be very nice when it is…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,enjoyable stay,"Booked this hotel through secret rooms and was very happy with this hotel customer service wasn't great but ok, room was excellent and the breakfast was nice. excellent location plenty of cafes around  would stay again :)",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good experience,"Stayed for two nights on business. Staff were polite, smiley and helpful. Quiet room, up on the 17th floor, which had a great view across London. Varied breakfast, which was continuously refreshed. Recommended.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
4284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel in need of a revamp,"The location is very good, and the hotel is apparently enormous. The staff were friendly, and I didn't eat here to make any judgement on the bar/restaurant. It is currently being renovated on the ground floor, but the lobby area still looks fine and tidy. My room in the tower was tired, and not up to what I expected from a Hilton. It was comfy enough, and quiet too which is great in central London. But it is the little details like chips on the bath, flaky and yellowing paint, watermarks, and a sense that there is a benign neglect about parts of the place which lets it down. I wouldn't be surprised if the Tower area gets a complete revamp soon. If I was paying 129 a night, rather than my work, I would be very picky and give two stars. The view from the window was brilliant, only…",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
4285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton - was excellent,"This is the second time we have stayed at the ''Hilton Metropole'' in Central London and we were once again very impressed..  Location is excellent, and the rooms were clean and of good size..  Breakfast was amazing , with a great variety of European Foods..  would definetly recommend this hotel...",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
4286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tony burke,This hotel is very poor... They charged me on a rebooked rate £258.00 per night and I asked for their walk in rate and was told £149!!  This practice is grossly unfair  Then I saw the room!!! Supposed to be a deluxe -not!!  Bathroom 1m x 1.3m shower hardly worked cheapest linen etc  They never advised when I booked that most of the reception areas were construction sites.  Rip off at its British best,Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
4287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazingly helpful staff.,"Upgraded a business trip so my partner could join me and use the spa while I was at work - lovely facilities and very attentive staff who worked with our 1am requests for fresh towels without batting an eyelid. The lobby areas were tastefully decorated with respectful staff, and some light piano music - very pleasant. Our room was looking a little tired for a Hilton, being as it is an older building but had a fantastic view of the London Skyline, especially at night when Big Ben and the Millennium Eye light up. We had some problems with an unexpected fire alarm test and the taps in the bathroom, but the staff handled them for us.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,DIRTY POOL WATER,"Me and my Family spend few week days there as my husband was in London for bussines, I and the kids were thrilled for each day to enjoy the pool after breakfast unfortunatly  it did not turn up like that, the staff were always looking at the own personal mobile, they seems annoyed when others guest enquired or asked for something even a bit arrogant, the ladies toilet did not have neither cloth dryer or bags to carry wet swimwear for those days, tissues were poorly replaced, i visit the gym and althought the provide some quimical to clean after to used the equiment they did not take care in the world when the blue roll paper was finish ( they keep looking down to their own phone and texting ) and the worst was the pool, most of people do not shower before to enter the pool…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and a breakfast fit for a king!,I stayed here with my 3 children for a night during half time as we had booked tickets to see a show so thought it would be nice to do some shopping in London And visit madam tusauds and make a little break out of it. We had a family room in the west wing which was fantastic. There were two queen size beds which is much better than the usual sofa bed or camp beds that you get in family rooms. The decor was modern and it all looked very recently decorated. We arrived at 11 as although check in wasn't until 3pm I was hoping we could leave our bags there so we didn't have to lug them around London with us. I was very pleasantly surprised when they said our room was ready so we could check in straight away.  We had a great nights sleep after the show and the hotel is located almost…,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,shocking heat in room,This hotels room was so hot we had to put on the air conditioning to keep it cool which in turn made it very noisy and hard to get a nights sleep  bearing in mind it was 5 degrees outside (February) the room was 26 degrees I would not recommend this place at all,Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
4291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great concierges, slow service, disappointing breakfast, limited club room opening times","Located very close to the tube staton and an easy walk from Marylebone rail station, four of us stayed for two nights in four rooms. As a diamond member, I have stayed in hilton a all over the world. I have never been disappointed with a hilton breakfast as it is almost a brand pillar. On both days, all the food I selected from the hot buffet was cold. This is a large hotel I accept but that is not an excuse. On the weekend the club floor hours were limited with a letter of apology...why? This is when us business travellers want to enjoy those facilities with our friends and families. My workmate had to wit half an hour after being told five minutes three times when he rang for housekeeping and was not happy. I was on the 16th floor and hassled by a lady of the night seeking…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very happy with our stay,"We stayed at this hotel for an event that was being held there. There were literally thousands of people staying in and visiting the hotel for the event. Because of the number of people attending, the check in area was very busy but we didn't have to wait long before we were being checked in by a lovely young man who was quite new to the hotel and was a bit stunned by the numbers of people, he had been called in on his day off to help, but couldn't have been happier! The hotel has two towers and at the time, one had been renovated and the other hadn't. We ended up in the tower with the non renovated rooms but to our surprise, our room was fine. A really large room, with big bed, a sitting area, desk and refridgerator. We had breakfast included in our rate and even with the huge…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,Me and my partner was away for one night break we have stayed here on a few occasions not the best of stays . Cost us £200 a night we no breakfast and got woken up by the cleaners at 7.30 who just walked into the room not happy!!!! But very central.,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing!,"The hotel is great. People are very helpful, very nice and good to know that the hotel workers come from many different countries. The room was pleasant and confortable. The breakfast was excellent and the hotel is in a good location close to public transports. Altought the hotel is suffering some improvement reconstructions, that didn't afect our stay. We didn't ear any noise.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel STAFF!,"I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in the room 966 West Wing. The room was very clean. I thought the room was going to be a little smaller then it was but it was a great surprise!. The hotel staff was GREAT, special mention to Raimondas Supervisor who helped us in some indications of london, besides having the room ready when we returned every day for breakfast, a great professional who does amazing elephant with towels !! if you stay at Hilton ask for his monkeys! INCREDIBLE !!! He greeted us by name everytime we walked in and out! He made our experience!!!",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"A++ for a family, big US sized rooms, easy to tube....","Family of 4 (H/W, 17 &14).   After looking through TA and needing to use points in London we chose this Hilton Location.  This is a great hotel for the following reasons:  Room Size (be sure to be on the EAST side, these are bigger and similar to a US size rooms).   Location 2 minutes from the Tube and only a 8 minute walk to Paddington Station (this station offers trains/busses to outside of London {we came in from Bath}…the tube across the street has a direct train (5-6 stops) to St. Pancreas Station to get to the Eurostar (Germany/Paris)….with a family you will also enjoy the Pool and a GREAT buffet breakfast with Hot & Cold options (much more than the average) – this came free with my room due to being Hilton Gold.   With the price of an average breakfast around London being…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Doesn't feel like a Hilton,"Stayed there for a conference, room is not cheap at around £200 a night. The lobby feels like you are in a railway station, very crowded. The bed was incredibly hard, didn't sleep well. There's also a lot of construction work going on so I was woken up every morning by the sound a of drill or a jackhammer.  Long queues to check in, even longer queues to check out. Will not come back.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
4298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel,"we stayed here for a weekend, and the room was lovely and clean and a comfortable bed. Breakfast was included and there was plenty of variety of choice for everyone. It's about a 10 mins walk to the top of Oxford Street by marble arch. The windows are double glazed, and we didn't hear any of the traffic outside",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
4299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, clean, stylish hotel","Helpful staff, lovely clean rooms with excellent views, breakfast buffet style and ideal with children although very busy so don't get there too late. Concierge couldn't of been more helpful and check in and out procedures were excellent. Ideally located near Paddington station and with 3 nearby tube lines ideal for London centre - also sightseeing London tour bus does pick up on the same road. Double glazing prevents noise disturbing you from nearby busy dual carriageway. Hilton brand = quality and this hotel does not disappoint.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Recently renovated, great service, specials on Expedia","This hotel is actually above my usual standard. But it has been recently renovated and an excellent deal was available on Expedia. Location is superb across from Edgeware Tube, Fantastic service especially @ reception by Giulia P. Super if one can get a good deal.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Oh dear awful room and no real response,"I stay in Hilton hotels enough to know that upgrades are not always possible ( fine), selected room type not always available ( fine) when a hotel is pretty full. What is not fine is a room ( avoid the Tower at all costs) which did not smell fresh, peeling paintwork and stained carpet and old towels. There was an annoying foghorn type noise every 2 minutes through the night. I knew the hotel was full so thought best to raise at checkout. ""Oh you should have said earlier"" was the reply. I said I did not as I had been told the hotel was full. ""Oh I hope it is better next time"".. No offer to speak with a manager etc. I suspect the staff are all too familiar with these complaints and are complaint-weary. Have stayed in this hotel many times and am so disappointed. Would love for a…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
4302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, clean and spacious rooms, friendly and helpful staff.","I stayed 3 nights last week at the Hilton Metropole and was involved in a training event that was also being held at the hotel.  I'd like to thank all of the friendly and helpful staff who did everything they could to help during the event -  Marcel and his team in events,  Alex Bouche and Toni in Concierge. This hotel is in a good location for central London and is reasonably priced. My bedroom was spacious and clean. I asked for a quiet room (as I am a light sleeper) and was allocated a room at the back of the hotel with only a faint hum of traffic in the background.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Security guard invaded my room,"Stayed here on business several times because it's a decent hotel with good location. But last night at 11:30PM, I was awoken by a security guard banging on the door saying I had to open up ""immediately"".   I was just waking up and wasn't sure at first if it was a scam or a robbery.  Look through peep hole, see Hilton name tag. He announces ""Security! I need you to open the door right away!""  I crack the door and ask what it's about. He tells me that he has to ""investigate reports of cigarette smoking"". He barges in the rest of the way into room and after a few seconds says, ""Ok, no. I don't smell any smoke.""  He then refuses to tell me his supervisors name, who specifically sent him to my room, or even where the complaint came from. He claimed that was ""sensitive information"" …",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
4304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK,Good value coach trip with accommodation at the Hilton in Edgware Road.  Vast hotel.  Room on the second floor in the Tower Wing was good.  Plenty of selection at breakfast.  Reception staff helpful and polite.  Would give this a 'good' rating if this option was available.,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay with large college group.,"Stayed here with college and it was a very nice hotel! It's oppersite the tube station, lots of taxis outside. Close to oxford street. Beds very comfy. View of London eye from room. Breakfast was very nice! Pool and sauna area is very nice and pool is warm! Room service was helpful even at 12:30pm! Planning a second stay.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nothing special,"I was excited about my stay here with my partner and two friends, we booked with HHonors points so we got the room for a good price. When we arrived it was Saturday morning and quite busy as expected, we arrived at around 11am and we didn't expect to be able to check in straight away but we did so that was a bonus.   The room we had was a king deluxe, it wasn't bad. We had views of London but another part of the hotel building ruined it quite a bit, not that it mattered. I requested two weeks before my stay additional pillows which weren't in the room when we arrived.  Bathroom was on the small side which was disappointing and not really a lot of toiletries to choose from.   The thing that really bugged me was when I rang down to reception on Sunday morning for a little jug of…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good but...,"I stayed at this hotel weekend of 14th February for half term break with my daughters and a friend and her children.  It look very nice once you go in.  Very big queue at reception.  A very big hotel east wing west wing and tower block.  We were in the west wing which was furthest away.  Our room compared to other review was very nice.  Queen double.  Although we had two identical rooms booked i didnt get complimentary slippers or shower cap in my room (both of which i use), and was not left on the second night either.    I slept terribly first night but i find sleeping somewhere else is always a problem for me.  However the next night i slept a lot better.  I always find hilton pillows too soft and slept with an extra cushion.  For such a bit metropole hotel i would have…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location !,"Hotel was having renovations when we stayed.  However a very nice hotel.  Very busy !  Room was good.  Slept well. Rooms were quite small but just for one night perfect.  Had breakfast in our room,  good selection.  Would come again. Found the to but hard to work out?  ",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,very dissapointed,"ive stayed here with my partner for few times last 3 times the heating wasnt working ,the fridge wasnt working ,the minibar was empty ,the girl cleaning the room didnt speak english so she couldnt report this probs or she just didnt care ive reported to reception they offered me a free dinner but thats not what i wanted Im paying in excess of 250/night so i epect some service not free dinners,I recomend for you guys look for a silver door apartment stunning service and cheaper  Terrible experience( i am a diamond card holder Hilton Honours)",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
4310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average stay,The hotel is not in the greatest neighborhood.  It is under construction and the construction people do not seem too concerned about guests.  I would have to go back after all of this is done to give them another rating. I got a service to Portsmouth and feel they took advantage of me as the charge was outrageous.  ,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very poor and tatty ,This hotel not what ud expect from a hilton one of the worst weve stayed in stayed in Tower wing room very tired and stained carpets and dirty hair and in bath and sink from last visitors to the room and no toiletries apart from used shampoo and conditioner no swimming pool due to maintainance work and steam room also out of action if we new that we would of never of stayed there and they tried to charge us for drinks that we didn't have out the mini bar wasn't even any water in the room something u get even in a cheap hotel. The only good thing was the staff on reception very helpful and told us were to go and what to do ,Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very poor Hilton...,"For this price and from Hilton - you should normally expect much more - also in London. Dirty, smelly rooms (avoid Tower Building at all cost), poor food quality, Mediocre bar (at best). Hard to check in/out (understaffed reception). You get much better hotels in the immediate area (less than 5 min walk) for much better price. Shame Hilton...",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
4313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,For business and pleasure,"The hotel is close to Paddington, ten minutes walk to Oxford Street with an excellent gym and pool. The Central and Metropolitan as well as Bakerloo line stations are just around the corner. Good Libanese, Malaysian and other Ethnics restaurants close to the hotel.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Big, Big Disappointment","I don't really know where to start with this review. Having travelled for 6 hours from Scotland and being reluctant to use the facilities provided on the train, by the time we arrived at the hotel I was desperate to 'spend a penny'. We entered the hotel through the large revolving door into the main foyer. It was busy and check in queued out. A notice was visible advising the locations of the toilets. We decided to go there before checking in due to the queue. We walked through reception through double doors and up a flight of stairs with no-one questioning us. Worrying lack of security. The toilets themselves were grubby and outdated. However, we went to check in. Firstly we were told it would be a twin room although we had requested a double. We were asked had we requested a…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
4315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"excellent in all respects, great family hotel","comfortable, well placed, not noisy, friendly  staff. all good, great for families. very large hotel, well priced, we stayed in a quadriple bedroom. well located very central and right in front of the tube",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, definitely would return.","We stopped here for one night whilst we did a bit of sightseeing in London. We were able to drop off our bags early morning and head off for the day. The tube station is quite literally across the road, as is an M & S which came in really handy for those in room snacks. We made use of the pool, we had to book in when we arrived, but were able to return 20 mins later which was no problem. Beds comfortable and room large, great view of the London Eye from our room. Breakfast was ample, considering how large the hotel is and how many people would pass through in the morning it ran very efficiently (no mushrooms though, but that's just being picky, there were plenty of other things!).  All in all a great stay and would definitely return, be warned though the aroma of chocolate as…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Grim, over-priced and building works in progress","I arrived there on a Thursday afternoon for a one night stay.  I was accommodated in a Hilton King guest room on the tenth floor of the building. There are building works in progress on the ground floor of the hotel, in an effort to revamp this tired looking hotel.  My room was small and in bad need of some TLC. For example, there was paint beginning to flake off the ceiling and the wallpaper was in need of replacement and a clean.  The bathroom was very small. The plug in the sink didn't fit tightly - thus making shaving an interesting task!!  The walls are thin and considerable noise was encountered. For example, the hotel is so vast that the staff have to use Wilkie talkies to communicate with each other - these are loud and one can hear the radio voices in your room with the…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too shabby for a Hilton,"We stayed there for a few nights. We chose this hotel for two reasons, first since I really like the Hilton chain and second due to location.  The room was amazingly shabby and nothing like any Hilton I have stayed at.  The main breakfast area was a weak rendering of Hilton breakfast areas, but this got completely swamped upon which people were sent downstairs to something which can only remind you of either a cheap boarding school. Actually the only hotel which comes close in terms of a breakfast area would have to be a really cheap Russian hotel in St Petersburg which we stayed at several years ago. Not a dining area I want to visit again.  But: Service at the service desks was excellent!",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great family hotel,"We booked this hotel due to it having rooms for families with more than 2 children.  The room had 2 double beds and a double sofa bed.  This was ample room for our family of 5.  The room was well equipped and had extra pillows, towels etc for us all.  The breakfast was excellent also with lots of selection and hardly any queue.  All staff that I had dealings with were most helpful and friendly.  I would recommend this hotel and will use it again for London.  It is well situated for both tube and bus as well as short walk to Marble Arch to pick up open top buses.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"We used this hotel for as a base for three days seeing the sights in London.  The location was great as it is next to Edgware Road Tube Station.  We had a family room (mum, dad and two children), which was just what we needed. Breakfast was excellent and really set us up for the day.  The quality of everything was excellent, we will use it again.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Queen sized beds?  Don't think so.,"Easily accessible from Edgeware Road tube stn.  2 Edgeware Road stns one for the Bakerloo line the other the circle and 2 other lines.  The lobby entrance was clean but one of the most packed I have encountered, lined up to collect my room key, I had checked in on line the day before but the room wasn't ready, it was 1.30, offered another room which may be ready sooner, we accepted, dropped our luggage off at the luggage area and went off to Oxford Circus.  Once back at hotel we had to line up again to collect our keys which was annoying.  We stayed in room 1198, it's a Supreme room that sleeps 5, it's advertised as 2 Queen sized beds and a sofa bed, these were not Queen size beds but possibly King size so that was disappointing.  I have written to Hilton London Metropole but…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A bit dated in places,"This hotel is in a good location but it can be very busy and large tour groups use it - NZ pensioners on a tour following the All Blacks whilst we were there - and this can mean long queues at check in/out, breakfast etc. We had a family room with 2 double beds which was ok size wise and for our purposes we were also there for the England V All Blacks match so didn't spend much time in it other than sleeping. Breakfast queue both Sat. and Sun. morning was quite long and after we were seated someone came to the table and said it was theirs (they had been getting cereals etc and hadn't left anyone/jackets or anything at the table to indicate it was in use but why should they?) so the staff didn't seem to know who they had placed where! Fortunately a member of staff arrived,…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location for shopping, in need of a little TLC in places","We stayed for one night as a bit of a treat. It's not obviously the cheapest option but it is a hilton. The location is a couple min from edgware road tube station so great for oxford st or kensignton.  The hotel is undergoing renovation at the moment so parts look as they should, smart and modern where as other parts feel a little worn. The social areas like bar, restaurant and reception are fine and obviously were renovated first.  We had breakfast included and chose to eat in the restaurant. This was a little chaotic, considering the price of the stay, the environment was so crowded and having to cue just to get a table was a bit annoying, but the choice of food was fantastic!  Our room was on the 22nd floor (free upgrade) which meant we had an amazing view across London. The…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired and like Bazaar,This hotel mar he one of the poorest I have stayed in under the Hilton brand! On checking in forget about joining the Hilton Honours queue as it's last to be served with only one person on. Priority is given to other travellers so tip is to join that queue! On being give my (executive room ) I was horrified at how dark and dingy it was. The windows were small in the 2nd floor looking inward to a pitched glass roof which houses the pool. The roof was only feet away so you could get little light and and very ugly!!! We moved to the road side after complaining but it was very noisy with very poor acoustics so beware of this when checking in! The rooms and carpet are very tired and badly in need of upgrading! At night 10.30 pm we wanted to go for a drink in the Sky bar on the top…,Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed and disgruntled,"Stayed in the hotel week before Christmas and had a lovely room in west wing hotel was full to capacity but didn't show or impact on our stay, however returned on 14/2/15 with some friends therefore booked 2 rooms checked in rooms were not ready therefore left our bags and headed out when we returned later that eveningwe were given the most awful old,shabbiest tired rooms in the tower block glad it was for a one night stay considering we were Hilton honours members it certainly wasn't an honour, the key didn't even work we had to call security twice to let us in our room then to top it all off when checking bank account a week later they have taken £125 out of our account ( we only had a bottle of water from minibar) when we rang and asked the hotel why they have charged this…",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
4326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Friendly and helpful staff,"As noted in other reviews, the hotel rooms need upgrading but it is difficult to be too unhappy as the prices are far better than most hotels around Paddington and this close to so many London highlights. It is also right next to Edgeware underground for easy access. The hotel staff were very helpful - I needed to get my phone charged and the concierge team were very helpful and made sure that I got what I needed. Housekeeping staff were also quick to help out with anything we needed. One weird thing was someone with a key opening our door at around 7:30am or so - they quickly apologized when they saw the security latch but it made me wonder about why this would happen so early in the morning - did they not know we were there? Overall, this was a good hotel with some…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,poor hotel,"We checked in on 18/02/2015 check in was good and staff were help full when asked questions we only live in Folkestone kent and wanted some were nice for the night were we could leave the car and walk in to the main city which is whith in walking distance as it was our wedding anniversary the room we stayed in was 1302 and was dirty the carpet had food on it and there was hair and mold in both bath and wash basin no shower caps,soap and half used shampoo not what ud usually get from a nice hotel the bedroom was very tyred with stained carpets and bed very hard and not good to sleep in and the other reason we stayed at the hotel was the pool and steam room.the pool was not in use due to technical reasons and the steam room had been broken for a while waiting for repair they could…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This hotels main assets - Peter and Kadie,This hotels main asset is it's staff. Very friendly and extremely helpful. Although every member of staff I spoke with were very professional and smiley Peter and Kadie stood out as two people who love their job and really want to help. These two members of staff left me with a very positive few of this hotel on my departure ,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel,"This is a very average hotel.  Its huge and ok for Business conferences given the size of the rooms and number of them. but for £150 a night its not great,  Don't expect The Ritz though if you stay for a 'holiday'.  Some of the rooms are v.dated and quickly need a face lift.  was on 9th floor in a box room.  thankfully only staying for a couple of nights.  On a positive note, the staff are very friendly which was nice",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Tired room, Sloppy Housekeeping","This is my 4th stay at this hotel. Why do I continue to come here? It's generally a better price than others that are convenient. However, I'm rethinking my decision. We generally use the Healthrow Express and find the Hilton Paddington is expensive and not all that better.  Check-in As an Honors member, I was able to bypass the very long check-in line. The process was quick and efficient.   Hotel Overall The public areas are being remodeled. From all appearances, it looks like it will be decent. Now if they could get to the rooms, it would help.   Room Tired, tired, tired. The furnishings old. The bed and pillows are hard. The bathroom has issues. The water in the uber small shower stall (and I do mean stall) is weak. The shower head spurted almost as much water over the top of…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shocking poor service,"Cold lobby, cold restaurant, cold rooms, very hard to heat room, they tried pawning off a twin room instead of a double on Valentines Day. Noisy, smoked filled hallways. Dirty rooms with old towels, no shampoo or toothpaste. £15 for wifi and free in coffee shop down the road. Breakfast was brilliant - great selection. Hilton is no where near a market leader",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
4332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,the furniture is out of date,"the furniture is not nice at all. You will feel you are not in hilton hotel. In addition to that, its very small and you cant move comfortablity. To be honest the location is fantastic but the smell and the furnitutre is not  may be one can choose it only for the location but not for the comfortable furniture.",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
4333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"great stay, great staff","We are a family of 5 (2 adults and 3 children) who stopped here for a couple of nights in February. We had booked a superior family room bht upon arrival were immediately upgraded to interconnecting rooms which gave us 4 double beds and 2 bathrooms. The rooms were very spacious, clean and modern. we had a meal one night (due to the heavy rain) in the hotel at the Fiamma restaurant. The food was very good and reasonably priced. The hotel was extremely busy and the chefs were up against it but Clara and Marco were very polite, courteous and kept us informed as to when the food would be ready (this was not a problem for us). They are a real asset to the hotel so very well done. We would certainly stay in this hotel again.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ideal location family friendly,"Stayed with grandchildren large room with 2 queen size bed's lovely view over the city. Close to Edgeware rd tube station, ideal for exploring London. Good choice of food at breakfast. Best room we have had at this hotel booked independently, previously stayed with coach holidays",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect base but not outstanding,"We have stayed in this hotel a few times. Once again we got a reasonable deal. It is great for visiting London - right by the Edgeware Road tube. It is a monster hotel so let's face it, you are just a number. Rooms are functional and clean.  Nevertheless it was my birthday and my husband had asked them to set up our bedroom (maybe some balloons etc) and asked for a nice room with a view.   Well we got the view - of an office block (if we really craned we could see the London Eye in the distance). My husband was disappointed that the room was not set up and they wouldn't let us light candles on a cake (and they told him they were too busy to put the cake he had bought into the room).   Also the overall feel of our West Wing was a bit careworn. Dysons stayed in the hall all night,…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrific location,"This was our first visit to Hilton Metropole and had read quite a mixed bag of reviews.  As a Gold Hhonors  member, we were upgraded to be able to use the Executive lounge. Also given use of free wifi, these perks make it  well worth joining the scheme.   Plenty to eat and drink at various times of the day. Our bedroom was spacious with city views as asked for.  It is a huge hotel and you would expect breakfast to be busy and it was, but that is the choice you make.   The staff were all very helpful and friendly and we had no problems during our stay.  The location is terrific!  I did not know the area as we usually stay in Kensington, but found it to be a hub to any line or bus stop we wanted to visit.  I could not agree with any of the negative reviews and whilst there is some…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really good stay,"After reading some of the reviews got to say i was thinking i had made a mistake…..wrong.  We were in the East wing and the refurbishment work was going on and there was no issue with getting to the lifts. No hassle getting a lift at anytime and the room was a nice size given this is London and the room was more than fit for purpose.   The staff were all vert helpful and friendly and more than willing to help at any point.   We used the executive lounge and it again was very good but did get very busy about 6pm so get down about 5 if you wanna get a seat as after 6pm its not that easy to get one. For breakfast just avoid the rush times 9/ 9:30 onward on the weekends but even then you may have to wait a few minutes for a table.   Tip for you if you are driving down, there is a…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good, but not usual Hilton standard","We've stayed at Hilton hotels in a number of cities, but this was probably the poorest of them. The lobby entrance is impressive, but the rooms lacked that little special edge Hilton normally provides. The room was spacious enough, but the decor was tired, widows dirty and the bathroom was not much more than that expected in a B&B. No extractor fan in the bathroom either, which resulted in the windows of the bedroom steaming up, and possible reason for the wallpaper peeling in bits. The facilities were great though. Good swimming pool- although busy so time was limited to 30 minutes. Sauna and steam room also great. The restraunt was also very good, tasty food. Breakfast was the usual buffet style with lots options on offer - cooked food, continental, cereal, breads etc.  Also…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay in London but watch the minibar,This is our first time staying at Hilton Metropole at Edgeware Road.  Impressions - check in was quick but there were no smiles at front desk. Maybe they were frustrated for having to work during Christmas.  Room was okay although not 100% Hilton grade. If you are expecting for a 5 star Hilton experience as in Hilton Hotels in Asia please think twice. Wifi works fine and was free for HHonors member.  Location was great as it was close to bus stops and Edgeware Road  Tube station. Walking to Oxford Street or Hyde Park will be around 20-30 mins.  Tips : Always check your minibar. My credit card was charged for something I did not take. Protested but still they charged me !!!!!!!,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location for city ,A big hotel which has all you need for a city visit.  It may lack the charm of a smaller hotel but friendly staff and all the facilities you could want.  A short walk via the subway to Edgware Road underground too.  Extensive refurbishments ongoing but none detracted from our visit.,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,10 min walk to Paddington Station,"A large hotel with a few different towers, lots of things going on in and around this Hilton. A good place to stay if your journey starts or ends from Paddington Station.   Suffice to say that the location is pretty good, the rooms are a little worn out. Used the Hilton app to check in, even got to pick a room. Yay! Was looking forward to a view from the 13th floor! But during the actual check in informed we were ""upgraded"" to a room on the 9th floor in the West Wing. Yay! But after spending the night in this upgrade, I'm not really sure what to say if we weren't upgraded at all! This room was definitely dated, and two beds instead of the one which we checked in online for. One caution is that there is no box spring. The mattress lays on wooden boards. This made the bed squeak…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The Tale of Two Hotels,"As I was arriving from the US on an early morning flight, I called the hotel a day before to ask for early check in. Despite having a record of my call in the computer, the promise for early check in as a ""silver"" Hilton customer was promptly denied upon my arrival.    I was asked to pay 20GBP *per day* extra to 'upgrade' to an available room, which I ultimately did because I *needed* to shower before work.  Upon arrival in my ""upgraded"" room, it smelled a bit foul.   The irony that the ""west wing"" (the West Wing is the 'first' of the hotels) had a bad odor was not wasted on me, but the stench did not dissipate in the first few hours.   In addition, this room was VERY small - even by European or New York City standards.    On the plus side, the bathroom was very clean and from…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"The hotel has quite an impressive lobby even though some of it is being refurbished. Check in was busy but efficient. After that things go downhill with the room, lifts and corridors being very tired and in need of refurbishment, the carpet was grotty and the decoration shabby, lots of chipped paint. The window frames were dirty and wouldn't lock. The toilet didn't flush properly and the water in the sink and bath spluttered and took ages to get hot.  Breakfast was good, with plenty of choice, we did politely ask the waitress to dry our table as it had been left very wet and she was surly but did do it.  All in all I wouldn't use this hotel again. ",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Functional place to stay,"Recently stayed here on business. Having stayed before a long time ago agree with comments that the hotel needed updating although work is in progress towards this. The room was adequate though not much light in the room for writing or applying make-up etc., The restaurant was ok and Roland was very attentive with service in the restaurant in the evening. Would stay here again. Was spoilt previously as had been upgraded to a suite once before due to working for the Metropole group. Hotel is well located.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Completely understaffed - a poor experience,"The short summary:  - Good central London location - Long check in/check out queues - Pleasant staff, but not enough of them - overworked - if you have a problem, it will take a long time to get it fixed - very good quality of lunch/dinner food, breakfast reasonable - Do not pay extra for a higher floor/nicer view, it is not worth it.  The details:  I will start this review by saying that the staff I dealt with - Guilia, Tamira and in particular Alexis were great, very pleasant. They did what they could but you can see they are completely swamped.  The hotel is very busy which is understandable, but having been booked into the wrong room (2 single beds instead of a double), we waited an hour, standing in the room whilst customer services said they would call us back to get…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel... A smile would be nice!,"If you are looking for a hotel that has beautiful rooms, excellent dining facilities and is close to pretty much all the main attractions in London, then this is the perfect choice!!! We went here on a last minute deal for a spontaneous get away and we could not have been more impressed. On arrival we got a free upgrade and the room was juat beautiful. We aren't used to such luxuries so to be spoilt like this just made our weekend even more special. The staff in reception were so kind and helpful and happy to help with any questions you had.  It was only when it came to customer services that things changed.... It felt like once they had your money they weren't that bothered about you anymore. I had to ring customer services a few times for various things and the service I got…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Freezing cold and filthy,I took my inlaws here between Christmas and new year. Firstly the toilets near reception were freezing they may just have well been outside the also were dirtier than any I have ever been in and I'm including public toilets in that. I don't believe a cleaner had been in for days. Having been given our keys we went to my Inlaws room which was also way below comfortable temperature and smelt damp. We adjusted the temperature and left for the day. When we came back we sat in the lobby bar for  thirty mins trying to get some drinks during which time we remained in our coats because it was also very cold. My in laws room was still not warm although they said not to worry as they were going to bed anyway. In the morning I was greeted with a 40 mins queue to get breakfast.  I am…,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This hotel is all about location and price – it’s definitely not a destination in itself,"I previously had a disappointing stay at this hotel back in February 2013. But I wanted to have easy access to both Kings Cross (trains from the North), Paddington (for the Heathrow Express) and Charing Cross for our tour of the disused Aldwych/Strand Underground station. So I booked again, two rooms, for two nights.  The hotel is conveniently located near to both Edgware Road underground stations. You can walk to the hotel from either. It’s also only one stop to Paddington, from where you can catch the Heathrow Express. I believe it’s also outside the London congestion fee zone. I chose the hotel because of the good transport links and also because we would receive extra benefits as both Hilton Gold Card holders.  On my last visit, the hotel was reconstructing the main entrance…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Four times here, all good, but....","This Hilton tends to have a more reasonable price for London Hiltons probably due to it's location. Personally I know London very well and happen to like this area, but some could easily be put off by the surrounding area including a very busy road. Don't be put off. We use the Underground directly opposite, numerous buses heading south from outside, or on occasions walk down to Hyde Park / Marble Arch / Oxford Street a ten minute walk away. This is a good hotel. It's modern, the staff are friendly and helpful and the rooms are very pleasant to stay in. We generally use it for a one night stop over. We stay in the Tower and go for a higher room for the view. This time we were on the 13th floor and looked across London to......the building opposite! Oh well, you can't always have…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Tired,"Being a Hilton Honours member and having stayed at my fair share of Hiltons, I was rather unimpressed with this Hilton. The staff are helpful, polite, friendly etc. The Lobby is nice, some much needed renovations are underway, however the lobby is not the only thing that needs renovating. The rooms are VERY tired - from the uncomfortable beds and strange room smell to the patched up ceiling and the tiles that look like they are about to fall off the bathroom wall, it was not the pleasant Hilton stay I expected. Luckily we were only there for one night. I'm sure once the renovations are completed this hotel will be up to scratch in comparison with other Hilton hotels. Until then, if you stay there, don't expect luxury!",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ordinary,First impressions were reasonably good.  The lobby is smart and modern (although in the middle of refurbishment now).  There was no queue when I arrived (although I saw some long ones over the weekend) and the guy on the reception desk was excellent.  I was also please to hear that I had been upgraded to a deluxe room. Well I would not like to have been in a non deluxe room (although my suspicion that the naming is merely a function of the floor they are on - the higher ones away from any traffic noise being deluxe).  The room was very small - only just enough room to squeeze between the bed and the wall and not in great condition.  The windows in particular were a mess.  And no drawer or any proper storage for anything other than the hangers in the wardrobe.  Strangely the room…,Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shoddy service- rapidly deteriorating,"Never a first choice hotel but always reliable - I have stayed here a number of times but gave up after this stay.  Check in was horrendously slow, with big queues and the terminals falling over one by one. A frquent problem here- one morning, rushing for a train I couldn't check ut as there were no terminals for desk clerks to us (why not use  express check out?- they never send the VAT invoice).  Got to my room, I was offered a choice and said quiet, I got floor 4 overlooking a main road. Tried to move room and was told I couldn't- no-one could explain where all my other room choices had gone, couldn't be bothered with the effort of changing my room I suspect. Your sleep quality is very dependent on room placement in this hotel.  Diamond member went to exec lounge- a number of…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent New Years stay,"We stayed here for two nights as part of a coach trip to London for the New Year and was very pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Although extremely busy we were booked in very efficiently and in our room in no time. We stayed in the West Wing on floor 14 and was lucky enough to be in a superior queen room. The room was huge particularly for London and was very clean with a beautiful bathroom. Although overlooking office blocks we had a side view of Big Ben and London Eye. The beds were very comfortable and the room was nice and warm, also very quiet. Although the hotel was very, very busy (there was hundreds of teens from US staying as they were performing in the New Years Day parade) there was plenty of room for everyone with several breakfast rooms and public areas.  There's…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't use this hotel,No room reserved but had received email from Hilton indicating room was reserved before we left home. Cooked breakfast was cold by the time we got back to our table. Given internet access as good will for mix up with reservation but when booking out was charged for internet use. Toilet flushing handle hanging off wall. No TV remote and when requested a replacement someone turned up with batteries but no remote. Mattress too hard.,Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Lovely Hotel,We had a great stay from the minute we got out of the taxi. The receptionist was very friendly and upgraded our room as it was my daughters birthday. So we had 2 Queen sized beds in each room with a large tv. At breakfast some of the waiters sang Happy Birthday to her and brought in a plate of fancy cakes with a candle.,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big hotel good service,"On entering hotel I noticed there was a lot of work happening behind reception area ,but this was screened off so didn't affect my stay at all. The reception and bar areas are quite stunning well designed and beautifully lit. Checkin was a breeze ,I was given comp wifi after a nice chat with the gent on reception . My room was in tower nothing special compact comfy all my needs were there. Unfortunately it was opposite the lift there was a beeping noise every thirty seconds ,and a low rumble light a vacuum cleaner but not sure where it was from. I'm a light sleeper and by 1am was tossing and turning could not get to sleep ,here is where Hilton hotels came up five star plus!...I called reception they asked me to wait a few minutes ,within 2 minutes they called me back and moved…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointing,"This is the first time I've stayed in the Hilton London Metropole Hotel and it will be the last. The reason I chose it in the first place was because of its proximity to Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express which I had to catch for an early morning flight.  I have stayed in other Hilton Hotels around the world and this was by far the  worst of them.   The first thing to hit you is that the ground floor reception area was in the process of being refurbished and revamped. While this is a good thing - it was lacking in a bit atmosphere -  the hotel should have started with the bedrooms. After all that's what people are paying for - a room with a bed.   In this case the bed was the most uncomfortable I  have slept in for a long time and the mattress, like the rest of the…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very big hotel, with alot of work going on","I was here with a couple of mates to spend the weekend in London.  This hotel is enormous, pity the reception is on the opposite side to where the rooms are.  It was a mission every time I wanted to go and smoke too or validate the parking ticket!   There is a lot of work going on at the moment, so doesn't look as nice, but I am sure it will in the near future.   Rooms were ok, a little pricy for what you get. the biggest let down was probably the bathroom (looked like a 2 star hotel bathroom). The AC was always giving off cold air even when I tried to increase the temperature.  There was only about 20cm gap between the bed and the wall which is never a good thing.  helpful staff and they try their best to cater for their guests.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,"We stayed there for 5 nights. Were upgraded to room in the West wing. Large rooms, clean, comfortable beds and nice view. Room service was excellent as we did not wait long to obtain what we asked for. Staff courteous Breakfast nice with quite a wide variety. Enjoy the lounge every night and service was excellent.. The location is good . Near to oxford street where we did a lot of shopping. Many good restaurants around. The health club is good. Sauna, steam room and swimming pool excellent. Went there every afternoon . The children enjoyed. Would definitely go back to this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location not a great stay,"I stayed here last Friday (6th feb) for two nights . When we arrived we was pleasantly surprised at how large and grand it looked . Reception was plesant and the lady that booked us in was a little hard to understand due to her being Italian . I had booked a kingsize bedroom through booking.com . When booking. In the lady told us that she would try and find us a room ..looking a little surprised ""I said I have booked a room but ur telling me I don't have one ? "" the lady told me that when booking a ""room"" ur booking the sq footage of the room not the type of bed u get . Something not stated on the website ! So she began to say she had one but I would have to pay an extra £25 a night for the bed ! After a conversation with me stating these details where not written on the site…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Breakfast,"The hotel is very busy, however it doesn't stop the staff from giving you the tine you need when booking in.  I found the staff very pleasant.  Didn't have evening meal here, however the breakfast was great, lots of choice and the poached eggs were perfect.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor show,"The greeting at reception was lovely and staff welcoming and professional. Everything went pear shaped after that! We ordered a small lunch of salad and chips for one of us and sandwiches for the other. Cutting a long story short, it took a total of 80 minutes for the chips to turn up and they were awful. The chef had clearly told the waitress to bring them out to us regardless but we rejected them and the delay made us late for our plans later on. Still no idea why the chips were so awful and so delayed other than the fact that I had asked for them not to be pre coated in flour which some restaurants do. We were given a discount on our meal and the service staff were nice.  The room was at the top of the hotel so the windows were not opening but the air conditioning was…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average Hilton with good location - slightly tired interiors...,"We stayed here for two nights in February.  The reasons for choosing the hotel were a) location b) a good room rate (for London) and c) indoor pool & health club.  Prior to arriving at the hotel, I had done some research on it.  I noted that there seems to be a large difference between certain areas of the hotel - namely that the west wing is much more modern than the east wing & tower.  I had booked an Executive room, which included use of the Executive lounge (more about the lounge later).  Check in was fine for 2.45pm on a weekday.  I asked for a king double in the west wing, and the helpful Front Desk agent kindly cooperated.  Upon entering the room, we were a little confused - the description of an Executive King room did not match the room we were in. I returned to…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shabby corridor and room,"The corridors are very shabby, old and give a bad impression when you leave the lift.  The doors are old, the bathroom is very small, the windows are old, the coffee provided is cheap and bitter, the fridge is poorly stocked, however the bed was large ad comfortable.  Overall, the location was convenient, but everything else was pretty disappointing.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,An excellent business hotel in Marylebone,"I've stayed here a few times over the years, almost always for dental conferences.  The proximity to Edgware Road ensures a very high concentration of Middle Eastern guests, both business and tourist.  The facilities in the hotel are excellent and, considering the size (its huge) the standard of customer service throughout is very good.  Breakfast was basic hotel standard, nothing brilliant apart from fresh omelettes.  I held a business meeting in the lounge area and service was excellent.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What a lovely surprise on this visit...😃,Thank you team Hilton..I Arrived so late for my check in and was given such a warm welcome on my arrival(Sergio). I also had a lovely surprise when I again on this visit was given a complimentary upgrade.I was blown away with the Johnson suite this made my stay just that little bit more extra special. Thank you for all the great staff as they have been wonderful over the last few weeks on reception all very helpful and so welcoming they cannot do enough to help you to make your stay special. Thanks again team Hilton it was an Absoloute pleasure to stay with you. ,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what we expected,Chose this Hilton for its location to the Heathrow Express at Paddington Station. It is located 2-3 blocks from the hotel. Hotel rooms and interiors are dated. They are undergoing some construction. Unfortunately this frustrated the elevator situation and it was difficult to get to the ground floor and it was not well marked for the traveler.  Executive Lounge ok and did not have as many offerings as other lounges. Staff nice. Main bonus was location.,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Some pros some cons,"This Hilton benefits from a very good location. A 5 minute walk from Paddington station, across the road from Edgware Road underground station and a 15 minute walk to Marble Arch. There are plenty of shops and restaurants around.  The lobby is large and modern, providing a good first impression. Check-in and check-out were rather slow.  Finding the elevators was a challenge due to the ongoing renovation work. Pinpointing the guests in the right direction might be a good idea.  The corridors leading to the room (tower room 1118) are very dated and sharply contrast to the rest of the hotel. The room was tired with stained curtains, torn wallpaper and old style double glazing. The IKEA style bed just average. The heating was less than optimal and the room never really warmed up. …",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton london Metropole,"Hotel room was very poor. There where no slippers no robes, and the furniture was old and tacky. The but tub panels were damaged with water and the tile grouting was black with dirty. The bed was terrible as was old and uncomfortable, the rooms are in a desperate need of a refurbishment. None the less staff was very friendly and breakfast was very good. Hotel lobby was very nice, however it does not reflect the lacking hotel guest rooms.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
4370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Still a good deal for London,This is my second stay here and I got a great deal with the points and dollars promotion.  Nice room in the east wing but in need of updating.  Lounge food is not as good as I remember it.  Love the bed and  feather pillows!   Location is a huge plus--M&S is next door for some prepared food and the Tube is a short walk from the hotel.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Christmas Holiday 2014/15,We found this a great hotel. My wife and I found the staff very friendly and service was excellent. The rooms were quite roomy and cosey with a very large window which we enjoyed the view of the city at night after coming back from touring. It was great that a full range of breakfast was supplied with the room which was a great start to the day of touring. The railway system and bus system were close to the front of the hotel the only problem we had was our hop on and hop off bus stop was a long walk away. I would say out of the six hotels and five countries we stayed at on our holidays this hotel was in our top three. I would recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Adequate all round hotel,"Excellent location, comfortable, spacious guest room. Food was pricey though, and not particularly good. (I tried the bar, restaurant, room-service and breakfast!) Barber shop listed as an amenity online, but when I asked two different members of staff they looks confused and told me there wasn't one.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Strongly recommended.,"In my opinión It is a functional and very comfortable Hotel. Closeness to the main landmarks and Low price. But the most remarkable point was the attitude of the staff;namely, The guy of the swiming pool and the waitress Josefina, Who was very helpful when troubleshooting problems which were beyond her responsibilities. ",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
4374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Looking a little tired,"Whilst the staff were wonderful and I cannot fault them I have to say that the hotel itself is looking a little tired. They are currently upgrading the foyer which is I presume the start of the refurbishment but the room we were in 1610 although an upgrade was definitely not 4 star I presume it was an upgraded room due to the view - which would have been very nice over London - if we could have seen out of the windows!  Every morning when we woke up the double glazing had misted over and stayed like this for the majority of the day.  Mould could be seen between the glass which I presume  has been caused by the windows perhaps being due for an upgrade. The room itself was adequate, bed not particularly comfortable.. to be honest had better at Travelodge... plenty of chips in the…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family London Trip 2015,"Great experience staying in this hotel for the 5 nights we stayed in London. In the freezing chills of January, the hotel provided all sort of relief with perfectly maintained temperatures and atmosphere 24 hours.  Biggest pro for us was the room itself. Room 1393 (the bell boy immediately told us that it was one of the or best rooms). With 2 x Double beds and a three-seat sofa bed was just what we needed. There were two TVs in the room and a fair sized bathroom. Room service was spot on and always available. Hotel's heated swimming pool was a great experience that kids thoroughly enjoyed. Breakfast menu and service was excellent.  Another big pro was the surrounding of the hotel. With close proximity of some of nice fast food joints and restaurants, we were never out of options…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
4376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Check in was good (French lady checked us in). The rooms were dated and could do with a makeover. The Whisky Lounge didn't have the whiskies that were on the menu, and the eating areas seemed to all be draughty. Staff were helpful, but I do object to paying a 10% service charge for everything I order. ",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
4377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel full of surprises,"We loved our stay on anniversary , Executive lounge was awesome with drinks and snacks. Hotel staff is very friendly and breakfast is awesome. would recommend this to others , nice location too near Underground stations.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
4378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Central London stay,The most fascinating part is the location. A walking distance from all important points in central London. You could walk from Paddington in five minutes. The rooms are okay for a overnight stay and specifically suited for the single suitcase traveller on business. ,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Simply amazing!,"My partner surprised me for our anniversary and when i walked in i could not have been more surprised! Just the lobby alone is amazing. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was massive and the bed OMG soooo comfy and big! The experience was everything i could have imagined. I will never forget that hotel as my partner proposed to me that night. So we will defo be returning there. Little bit on the expensive side and we had a deal, but its defo worth it for that special occasion. Cant wait to go bk.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
4380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Going down the tube,"Positives: it is close to both the Paddington and Edgware Road stations, so getting around the city isn't a problem. The hotel is also huge, so it has restaurants if you want to stay in.   Negatives: the Metropole looks beat up. They are remodeling, but the areas I saw still needed significant work. I also booked through Priceline, and they couldn't confirm that I had pre-paid until the final day of my stay, which added quite a bit of stress.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what it used to be,"I've stayed here many times over the years but probably wont do again. It is one of the cheapest hotels in central london with a pool and is handy for tube stations. Room and bed are fine, but 2 teabags for 3 people in a room is not enough. You usually get stacks of t bags in a hilton, and biscuits. Lifts are really slow and there is always a Q for reception. Staff are pleasant enough. breakfast very very busy, its OK but not worth 17.95, you'd be better going to wetherspoons for a quarter of the price. This hotel didnt ruin my weekend away, but it was disappointing I'm afraid.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Substandard experience!,"I have stayed here before and have experienced a decline every time. First, be aware that it is a hotel that caters predominantly to Arabs who seem to be all over the place. After a 15-minute wait to reach the check-in counter for HHonors members, I was asked to provide a £100 deposit, but to my surprise was charged £150; the £50 was subsequently reversed, but the two reversals on my CCard would reflect after two weeks!! This is smart but a non-transparent way of making money. Finally, you won't believe this: no SkySports channel in the room, and you cannot watch your favourite soccer team play. So, go to an English Pub down Praed Street (The Abbey) and enjoy the game, along with your favourite tipple. The rooms are ordinary, the bed & pillow covers did not appear very clean;…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,On the Decline,"I used to stay at this hotel all the time until the last two years.  I recently stayed here again and found it to definitely be on the decline.  While there seems to be a large refurbishment project underway in the lobby area, the rooms have definitely been neglected.  The beds and mattresses are still the same ones that were in place for the last ten (10) years and the wallpaper has patches here there for places that probably fell off.  Controlling the water temperature was another issue all together.  At one point, I had the faucet on the cold side and I was getting steaming hot water coming out.   I waited 5 minutes and tried it again and it was fine.  I also found the television reception was terrible.  Many of the noted channels were not receivable (even the BBC and Sky…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pretty awful to be honest...with only a couple of minor positives.,"I am genuinely surprised that the Hilton brand associates itself with this hotel. I had always considered Hilton as a premium brand and one that is worth paying a little extra for. While this hotel certainly charges that bit more, it really does not offer value for money - certainly not in my experience.  On arrival I was allocated a room on the first floor of 'The Tower' and when the lifts eventually worked and got me to my room, I found it to be dated, shabby and more than a little bit tired overall. It was like taking a trip back to the 1990's which is probably the last time the room seen a lick of paint. An older room is normally not a big issue for me as I am far from a snob but the fact is, I paid in excess of £166 per night for two nights for this room.  The bed in the…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
4385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Staff,"Very well looked after at this hotel. Given a really warm welcome by Eyal at reception. In such a large hotel it is really encouraging to see somebody who cares about the Hotel guests and gives an impression that they really enjoy their job. My room was really nice and comfortable, was quiet and well soundproofed. This hotel gets mixed reviews probably due to the variety of categories of rooms available at the hotel. I was located in a nice Executive Room in the East Wing. Very high quality housekeeping as my room was faultlessly clean and well serviced. Really good breakfast spread in the Executive Lounge and was offered the option to use Fiamma at check-in. I really enjoyed my stay - location is superb and I enjoyed the whole experience - well done and thanks for the…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
4386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just above average,"This hotel has good location some hundred meters away from Paddington station and just next door Edgware tube stations. Hotel is plain, clean, neutral and busy with visitors from all over the world. I had a room in west wing and I was told it was some kind of upgrade.  Room was spacious and nice. Some noise from AC and from street but nothing too bad. In the morning I walked by a breakfast room, which looked quite empty. What I could see there was plenty of options available but I skipped it this time. All together, this hotel is a good choice to think of if price is right for you.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Soulless,Large quiet superior family room with fabulous views and comfortable beds - yet all a bit shabby and in need of updating.  Had to wait over 10 minutes for a lift in the morning as all were full and being on the 11th floor too far to walk with a suitcase.  Check in was very slow and queued for about 15 minutes only to be told my room was not ready even though check in was at 3.00 pm and we arrived about 3.15 pm.  No biscuits or box of tissues in the room either.  The staff however were  exceptional - especially Eyal on Reception.  Breakfast was good but very busy.,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,"Great hotel and really enjoyed our stay. Staff very friendly and helpful and rooms was clean, comfortable and quiet. We ordered room service and had no complaints about the food. Only criticism I have is that checking in and out was very slow and we were left waiting a long time to be seen. I would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Recently stayed at the Hilton London Metropole Hotel . The breakfast is a bit of a bun fight, however saying that the food was good as well as the service. Best tip pay for the Exc lounge and enjoy your continental breakfast and evening drinks there in peace and quite.  The hotel has refurbished the reception and bar areas, they now need to look at the rooms. The decor is now getting tired and sometime it takes awhile for the hot water to get to you. Staff are very good and very helpful, the pool is nice and the gym small but well equipped",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect London Hotel - the Hilton Metropole,"I just got back from teaching at the SWPP convention in London. The Hilton Metropole hosted the event. Amazing staff, great location. It's about a 10min walk from the HeathrowExpress Paddington station, which is 20 min direct from Heathrow.  The rooms were great, they gave me the 23 floor with a downtown London view. Blocks from Hyde Park. I like they are environment aware with towels etc. While I spoke only English, the reception and bar staff all had multiple languages to respond in. Lots of place to lounge with friends, great speaking venues in the business section. My only frustration was their wifi access. Coming from Canada where most hotels have fast complimentary connections, they only had that for an hour in the lobby. But it was still workable. This was the third year…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
4391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient if soulless,"Convenient location for tourists, close to Edgware Road buses and underground, which are a few minutes from central London. Also fast trains to Heathrow airport from Paddington. However the immediate area is not very nice (rather basic, predominantly Arabic restaurants) and it's quite noisy (the M40 runs right next to the hotel). Large comfortably furnished rooms that are quiet however, with reliable wifi. Good Hilton breakfast. The Executive lounge is not very nice and can be a bit of a scrum at peak times. The hotel is large (with a newer wing) but rather soulless. Good choice if on offer or just passing through.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,As expected but with great staff,Just returned from a family long weekend. The hotel was just what you would expect from a quality well known hotel brand and it delivered. But the standard of staffing made it even better. Great service and friendliness in all departments. One recommendation is book it through a search site. We saved hundreds with just a few minutes research. Well worth the time. There are some cracking deals out there! ,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
4393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Repeat visit ,So this was not the first time I have stayed here but it was my first experience in a tower room I was quite disappointed as these are much smaller than the other rooms I have had and not as well maintained however I did have a good view across London The room was comfortable and quiet It's a great location and the breakfast was included in the very reasonable room rate.  It was a very good ' hotel' breakfast with all the usual bits and pieces. If the price is right then definitely worth staying here .... If breakfast isn't in your rate then pret a manger and patisserie Valerie are close by Great choice for paddington / Edgware area with easy tube access ,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Probably the worst Hilton I've stayed in,"We were in an exec room on 7th floor.   Exec lounge was ok.  Room was very dated. Fridge was out of order, bathroom wasn't the type you could luxuriate in, but the bed was comfortable - but that's about it.    Hotel is massive.   Not many English staff or customers!   We went on Tesco vouchers so didn't ""pay"" as such so can't grumble.  They are slowly refurbishing. Maybe give it a bit of time then book.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ideal base to explore London,"Stayed for two nights with two other people in a triple  single room,for a shopping sightseeing trip,room only  £120 per night for room.right next to tube and M&S  cafe for breakfast!rooms clean, staff very helpful, All in all a good place to stay. ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton,"I was in the hotel for a convention. I quite enjoyed my stay, though there was an issue with my heating. The location is superb with great access to the London Underground, as well as shopping directly on the main street in front of the hotel.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The best of the best,"I have been staying in 4 different brand hotels, and this hotel ( the Hilton Metropole )stands tall compared to the rest in every respect from location to the service it provides. The reception is very professional in every respect from check in to speedy check out",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
4398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location.  Ok hotel,"I stayed at this hotel for one night on a business trip during a layover.  The location is great, just a wizz away from Paddington and the Heathrow Express.  The staff were friendly.  The rooms on the other hand were very small especially for a Hilton.  Later I found out at the reception that they do have renovated rooms that are larger but they try not to give them to one nighters.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Big, busy hotel","Well located near Edgeware Road tube station for sightseeing and Paddington for Heathrow Express train. Located in a very Arabic part of the city with many Persian, Lebanese type restaurants nearby. 15 min walk to Oxford St. The room was adequate, though below what I expected in a Hilton. Small bathroom, poor quality mattress and dodgy air con. Wi fi not free in room but available in foyer. I find this totally unacceptable in this day and age! Avoid using phone. I was charged nearly $25 for a 60 second call to a local mobile number. All in all, not a bad experience and I would probably stay here again if the price was right ",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and view from the room,"I stayed at the hotel in January 2015.  Staff/Service: Helpful and professional both at reception and also at breakfast  Room: Good size, amazing view HOWEVER - upon entering the room straight after check-in room smelled of urine ! I reported this to reception before we went out for dinner. when we returned we noticed that they had tried to musk the stench with some kind of air freshener. Problem was that the smell was coming from the fitted carpet around the bed and therefore spraying air freshener would certainly not be enough. To make matters worse it was my birthday and the hotel had very nicely provided me with a cake and champagne. When housekeeping sprayed the room, the cake was on a table and obviously we ended up with spray on the cake which is not hygienic at all.…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location views make it good,"It's nice hotel, the location is amazing and the views are great if you get fortunate with the right room. The restaurant at the top of the hotel is worth checking out, great views again. The bar is expensive and the food is average and expensive. I didn't speak to one English member of staff the whole time I was there ( I have nothing against foreign staff but a mix would be nice for certain times)  The food in the top restaurant is pretty good, but the food in the bars downstairs isn't great for the money, I had two room service meals which were both average yet expensive.  The local area has loads on offer in terms of food and drink so eating wasn't a problem. It's 5 minutes from Paddington (Walking) and around £8 in taxi.  For the money it's ok you are paying for the…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A disappointing room in a hotel that looks good,"Two-night stay in a twin room in the Tower Block, Hilton Metropole in Edgeware Road, London with my 11 y.o. Australian grandson.  Tidiness: Our room had a tidy and clean appearance - but we found an empty water bottle on the floor beside the bed when we arrived. On the second evening we discovered an ""up-market"" paper shopping bag under one bed .  The bag was most likely there since before we arrived. Beds: Twin single beds - with very thin mattress toppers.  I found the bed hard and uncomfortable.   The bottom bed-sheets were non-fitted type and were not tucked in (just laid over the bed). They moved easily and this was less than comfortable. The beds were on wheels (with no catches) and moved very easily - this resulted in a gap forming between wall and bed as it moved.  I had…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Uninspiring,"Like many central London hotels the Hilton Edgware Road was overpriced in my opinion. I found the downstairs public areas to be very cold and consequently the bar was rather cold as well at all times of the day. The corridors are starting to look a bit shabby and the bar food was poor. However the staff were all polite and helpful and I cannot fault them, but I do wish the housekeeping girls would notice the 'do not disturb' signs - housekeeping have a tendency to enter the rooms quite early in the morning, usually between 8 and 9 AM.  I found this a bit intrusive and in fact during my last stay two years ago they knocked whilst entering (rather than before entering), forcing me to hide behind the bed in a state of undress. Not a hotel I would particularly recommend but handy if…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good quality, excellent service","Very clean, nice and comfortable rooms, perfect and big bathroom, quality equivalent to it's price! The service's very good, everyone smiling, willing to help you. Amazing breakfast, delicious food, normal prices for the extras.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't stay in this hotel,I have stayed in better travelodges .. Breakfast was a nightmare so any people ..  The heating broke down and we were given a little heater  This is a hotel for busy business folk not a hotel to stay for lesuire  Over expensive  ,Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
4406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,At best OK - but over priced,I stayed for a large convention that has probably booked most of the hotel. I thought that while the hotel was clean and tidy the room rate for B&B was expensive and the internate access poor and patchy.   There are other alternatives that are much metter value within walking distance,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable; nice staff; great location,"I tend to try to stay in Hiltons whenever possible, since I like earning points toward free rooms.  Before heading over, I read a LOT of reviews of various Hiltons in London, and am glad I chose the Metropole.  It's significantly less expensive than the nearby Hilton Paddington.  The rooms are quite up to date, very comfortable (LOVE Hilton pillows), and, of course, very clean.  The staff is very friendly and helpful, and both checkin and checkout were fast and efficient.  The free breakfast in the executive lounge is fantastic -- far more expansive than I'd expected, with hard boiled eggs, lots of pastries and breads, lox, salami and other cold cuts, cheese, several kinds of fruit, yogurt, cereals, etc.  It's a 7-8 minute walk from the Paddington train/tube station (very fast…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best hilton in london,"This is the best hilton I have stayed in in London the staff are interested in looking after you, as a diamond member you get the benefits without having to ask. The exec lounge is good it's worth paying the extra for. Leisure centre is good pool just the right temp.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
4409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Much much better stay!,"My stay was again for business however this time I was given a room in the West Wing. The Assistant Operations Manager was extrememly helpful and apologetic in response to my previous stay and explained that a number of the rooms have either gone through or are due to go through a re-furb. I understand that this will take some time given the size and popularity of the hotel.  It's a great location and the rooms in the West Wing were well kept, lovely decor and looked & felt really clean!  The staff as always were helpful and friendly and now the rooms are coming up to scratch there's no where I'd rather stay when im in London!",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, nice tidy hotel!","Had a great night's stay here recently.  Easy to find, very close to Edgeware Road tube and short walk from Paddington (10 mins).  Lovely interior, everything to hand.  Friendly staff, gave us a free room upgrade to 20th floor tower room with superb city views, this really made it for me!  Nice buffet breakfast, if expensive at about £19 each, but this is Hilton and in London after all!  Best bet is to do what I did, get a good deal with breakfast already included in the price!  Room was nice, everything you needed, comfy beds and pillows.  Would definitely stay again if I got it at a good deal.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
4411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location,I thinks the location is good and near a lot to do. The tube and busses are readily available. There are a lot of different restuarants available and the hotel is really close to the Marble Arch and Hyde Park.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,stayed for convention,"Spent 5 nights here for a convention in January! Room was very tired and definitely not 4 stars hotel worthy. Not bothered about the size as it was very small and I kept hitting myself on the TV on the wall as there was not much room to walk past the bed. Bathroom very tired. Have stayed in better Premier Inns, at least they don't pretend to be what they are not.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,ANNIVERSARY WEEKEND,"We have been here before to celebrate our Pearl wedding anniversary & decided to come back due to wonderful time we had back then. Was it worth coming back?  We knew it was going to be very busy as we had a free night certificate however Hilton couldnt fit us in, never mind we were going to be there for 2 nights anyway. The reception was very busy however we were met by a warm & friendly young lady with a genuine smile which was a great start. We had a nice room on the 22nd floor over looking london which was an amazing view so good there as well. Room itself was of ok size, clean with everything you would expect although it was a little tired around the edges, but the decor was good overall not bad.  We had our anniversary meal in the main restaurant which was very busy with 2…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Staff,"Convenient to the tube.  Great value for the price.  Staff is attentive and efficient - check-in was quick and by smilling and welcoming staff.  Bar is pleasant and the food was surprisingly good. Concierge staff is excellent.  Small but quite and comfortable room. Understand that the bathroom is very small, but has all the necessary amenities, good water pressure and plenty of hot water.",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
4415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Mediocre Standard, not the Hilton Standard","Average stay. A bit overpriced for the standard provided. Even though I stayed in an executive floor, the facilities weren't as exclusive or as good as other four star hotels' club floors and lounges. The room size was rather small but the amenities were plenty. The great thing is the express check out option and the central location right around Edgware Road tube station. All in all, the entire stay was alright, nothing too horrible or special. However, I expected more from the Hilton brand.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good stay but crowded lounge,"I stayed here for the very first time and the check in was very welcoming. The receptionist even offered to escort me to the lifts. As a diamond VIP I expected to be upgraded to an executive room I was offered a superior room. I had read that these rooms had just been renovated but were in the other wing from the deductive lounge. The room was spacious. I was told a diamond amenity pack would be delivered but it was not. The executive lounge in the east wing was ok but very very crowded and the choice of appetisers was limited. checkout was a little awkward as my room had been prepaid through a government booking and the receptionist was unaware of this. However, I received a call later to say this had been sorted out. All in all this is a very large but good hotel. ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Weekend Trip,"Stayed here for a weekend, while seeing a show at the Royal Albert Hall.  Service was excellent, breakfast was amazing, staff were very friendly and helpful.  The room a bit dated, with a few things needing putting right, but this did not detract from our stay, and will definitely stay here again.  Location is also excellent for being central to everything.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My room was open by the Security at 3.30am!,"I stay at this Hotel and is my first day arrived on the 18th December 2014 hoping to get a good rest after my 14 hours of flight suddenly at 3.30am a security from the Hotel with another European knock and open my room door with his master key! Lucky I have a extra lock so he can't come into my room and I shouted at him. He still say he is the security asking me to open the door! Does it mean he is a security I have to open my room door in the middle of the night??? I was shock then I call the front office they put me to a Duty Manager with his name was Mr. Arden , he just say he will check this matter and get back to me BUT nothing happen!!!! The next morning I went to the Front desk and asking for the manager on the matter happen to me last night they keep pushing one another…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Service what Service.,"The room was poor, the TV did not work! and the basin's plug was sealed in closed position! so after using it I could not drain the water.  Both issues reported when I arrived, neither fixed!  The expensive Wifi available in the room was extremely weak and did not reach all the parts of the room.  Notably, it was at it's weakest around the location of the small desk area in the room!",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
4420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Service-What Service?,"I stay here regularly and I really don't know why! Except that the location is so good. The rooms are good but the service is appalling. I have booked two staff in here for tonight and tomorrow. There are no amenities in the room, there is nothing in the fridge and no water in the room!  3 weeks ago I left a very expensive bottle of perfume in the room 1176. When I checked with them- sorry we didn't find anything. Really! I bet you didn't!Clearly its been taken because it was most definitely left on the desk in the room for all to see!  So unless it gets better-thats it!No more!",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
4421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A little run down in some parts but generally very good,Some of the rooms area Little run down and quite small but generally this is a very good hotell with a great location. A 10 minute walk from Oxford Street and one station from Paddington (where Heathrow Express) leaves from. Nice staff and good breakfast even though the breakfast restaurant is a bit crowded and noisy. If you get a good price this hotel is highly recommended,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,You must stay in the West Wing,"As a Hilton Diamond member, i have stayed in my share of Hiltons.  Here's the scoop on this one - and the reason you see such a swing in the reviews (you may have noticed that the reviews are very polarized).    Hilton is refurbishing the wings and if you get put in the East wing, it's old, tired and the rooms are very small.  IF you get in the West wing, the rooms are bright with big windows, spacious floor space and really nice.  I used points to stay here and was glad that I went for a small fee and upgraded to the west wing - it made our experience really great.  Location is excellent for London and seeing the sights and going out.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a bad location good value for money ,"We recently stayed here twice. Once on a one night stopover in London and 3 nights on our way home. Rooms are clean and comfortable but not a lot of room when travelling with a 16 and 18 year old so wouldn't recommend much longer than what we did. Having said that, that's one of the downfalls of travelling so it is what it is. I was probably a bit harsh on the location. It is pretty good but if you don't like to walk it's a good walk to Hyde park, Buckingham palace and those major sightseeing things. Also the hop on hop off bus is a 10 min walk. If your comfortable with public transport the tube is directly across the road and very easy to use. Concierge was terrible with directions and not just the same person. On the other hand they managed to get us tickets to the Harry…",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
4424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Conveniently Located,"Very conveniently located near Edgeware Road Tube Station and access to various Double Decker routes.   The West Wing seems like a newer building. Rooms including bathrooms were about the same as American sized bathrooms, it felt like a Hilton location in the States. Diamond Members get access to the Executive Lounge, with free drinks after 5, including access throughout the day.  Wifi signal could have been stronger in the room. Housekeeping was spot on; teapot in the room was a nice touch.   Be sure to venture out and try the local dining options. English - Fountains Abbey, 109 Praed Street. For tasty fish n' chips and a pint of your choice. Indian – The Bombay Palace, 50 Connaught Street, a 10 minute walk, where you will find downhome cooking paired with world class service.…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Literally the worst hotel I'e ever been too - thiefs and fraud,"Stayed here last week for 2 nights... hotel average, crap for a Hilton, breakfast awful, view facing a brickwall.... and thats the good bits  My girlfriend left a $300 Burberry scarf in the room when we left, in the bag with reciept on the table as we remebered literally half hour later, we called an hour later to tell them... not there anymore... either a cleaner has a nice new scarf or the magical fairies had a magic key and ran off with with it...  Also the room was 155 GBP for the night... my credit card has been charged 510 GBP...  bit of a difference  I'm leaving both of these with the Police",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
4426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just another hotel...,The Hilton Metropole in London is ok but certainly nothing special. I would not be rushing back here considering there are other hotels with better pricing and better facilities. The staff were really pleasant but the rooms and building is getting tired...,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,New Year's Eve in London!,This hotel was excellent! The location was easily accessible on the tube and in walking distance to many cool sites. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean. Being here for New Year's Eve allowed for access to nearby fireworks and an amazing view from the top-floor restaurant. I would definitely stay here again!,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Dependable hotel, few issues but rectified","Only a stones throw away from either Paddington station or Edgeware Road underground stations - this hotel is extremely convenient for visiting central London. Reasonably priced and Hhonors diamond upgrades / perks given without question - unlike Hilton London Paddington only a few hundred yards away from this property, a much better choice in my opinion.   This hotel is massive (1000 rooms+), we did have a few issues with our stay (I have stayed here a number of times however) -   1- check in is always a drawn out affair here due to the size of the hotel, although there is a hhonors line here I don't think this is enforced making it a bit of a free for all. There is an area for group check in - I think this area should be extended for hhonors gold / diamond members albeit I…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
4429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not so nice...,"didn't like the service, the staff dont speak good english, the breakfast made me sick and the room was crap - the executive lounge a scam, room very noisy and very cold, many problems with the room like you couldn't leave the heating on unless you had the main light on, first night froze to death, second night could sleep due to light being on and terrible noise. Shower a death trap (be very careful when using) you can find much better hotels more central for the same price but much better",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Try the Minako restaurant,Hotel is good value when offers are available and it us in a fairly good location. The Minako restaurant on 23rd floor is excellent for both quality and value for money. Spectacular views of London are an added bonus.,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Was a tad nervous based on some reviews but was booked as part of a package.  Pleasantly surprised. Section we were in was updated and rooms quite spacious. Very clean. Others in our group in older section - avoid that area if you can until remodeled. Most of staff we interacted with were very helpful; some not so much - obvious inconsistency in customer service approach but you get that everywhere. Experienced a desk clerk who told me something definetely could not be done; however same request was fulfilled by another desk clerk an hour previously. Location great. Close to several tube stations. Places to grab a bite close i.e. M&S food hall, pret a Manger, tesco. Temperature in rooms a bit hard to control. Beds hard but comfortable after touring all day. No issues with water…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,christmas fun,we arrived at this hotel on the 21/12/2014 check in was nice and easy even though it was busy.  Reception bar was relaxing while waiting to go to our room. On arrival at our room we were pleasantly surprised the family room was modern and spacious although we needed to phone reception to get our sons sofa bed set up.  Breakfast the next morning was very busy and you had to wait 20 minutes to be seated.  It was not held in the normal area due the amount of people staying over xmas and was very chaotic.  The breakfast itself was poor even trying to get a coffee was hard work the same person was never seen twice.  Hotel is right near the underground and within easy walking distance of Oxford Street.  Overall a nice place to stay for the night.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful weekend,"We stayed here in December, doing Christmas shopping and sightseeing. Very helpful young man in reception, able to get into the room early, so could go and do other things. Went up to the 23rd floor, champagne bar,  absolutely wonderful. Staff very helpful, great views over London. Need to advertise this more, if staying at the hotel, do go and have a drinks there.Breakfast very efficient, staff helpful, great stay.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hotels I have stayed in,"We arrived on 30th Dec for New Year with a coach, quick check in no problems even though they were very busy, the young man on the desk was friendly and efficient, room was fantastic, with an amazing view, lovely and clean, we were on thirteenth floor,  The only problem we had, we couldn't find the stairs as the lifts were busy so we used the fire escape, had a giggle as we ended up in the kitchen and the chef showed us the way out another nice guy.  Breakfast was amazing plenty of choice, very friendly staff. Well done to you all. Excellent.... :)",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"I've never stayed at a Hilton before but I've heard a lot about them and I was expecting everything to be perfect. First of all our room was in the 'tower wing' and it was right in the corner and it was quite narrow to get into. It was like it was stuffed there so they could have an extra room. When we opened the door I was disappointed. The room was tiny! And the bathroom wasn't much better. There were a few things I didn't like about the room either. First there wasn't a light in the celling in the centre of the room which made it darker than you'd think in the night. Also the windows didn't open. They had the double glass which I understand is for safety but the first glass didn't even open. And it would have been good if the actual window opened a bit too, even just an inch…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Its ok if you like sleeping cold,I stopped at this hotel a few months ago and found that all the staff were helpful and friendly But sadly and annoyingly the rooms were cold and we had the heating on full and nothing. Also the shower water was freezing when turned to hot. Not Impressed as this was my first and last stay in this hotel.,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great New Year Family Get Away,Was concerned after reading some of the previous reviews on TripAdviser but shouldn't have worried.   Basic family room was plenty big enough for a family of four. Room was immaculate with a great view. Pool facilities were managed well and were clean (although the changing rooms are on the small). Breakfast was busy but managed well with two serving stations for hot breakfast and breads. Would agree with previous review about the scrambled eggs .... nasty. We didn't have to queue at 8.30am but those who left it to the last minute were waiting outside the come in. One member of our family requires a gluten free diet and some efforts were made to accomodate them.   Access to Central London was brilliant and staff really helpful about buses and tubes and tourist attractions. …,Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
4438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not good representation of Hilton brand,"I have stayed at this hotel a number of times on business. The rooms smell terrible, the carpets are stained, torn upholstry on furniture, no hot water for showers in the morning, dirty windows. Several of my colleagues hve experienced the same. I made the mistake of using my debit card to order a cup of coffee, and was charged $90 from my account for a week until the charge cleared. I understand them holding a certain amount for incidentals, but $90 for a $5 cup of coffee? Please.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too many close calls,We spent 3 nights and though the bed was not bad we had a couple of incidents that people need to be aware of. First as we were getting back to the hotel around 10:30pm we approached the elevators. There was a man in his early 20's just out side the elevator banks. As we approached he started to walk away but when we got on the elevator he entered behind us. I had decided to show my wife a view from the top floor so pressed 23. The young man did not press a floor. As we got to the 23rd floor the young man followed us off then immediately got back on the elevator when he saw we were at the restaurant/bar. Then after my wife and I had retired around mid night the fire alarm sounds. We walked down 14 flights of stairs in PJ's to be  put onto the streets of London in 30 degree…,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up too Hilton Groups normal standard!!!!!,"We checked in and was told because I am a Hilton gold card member they would up grade me!!! To the executive floor, not sure that those rooms have been revamped, it was a very tired worn room, but as we where only 2 nights and had already moved from the doubletree at marble arch because it didn't have and executive lounge, was helped there by a very nice manager named James, didn't feel like moving again!!!! I normally stay at the Tower Bridge Hilton which is amazing, but didn't because of underground closures, hindsight was I should have stayed in luxury and walked further to the next tube!!! Any how I didn't, breakfast in the lounge was ok but very understaffed which really shouldn't be a paying costumers problem, also the selection of food and drinks was very poor comparing…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Friendly Staff & Convenient Location,"This location is in a good location, not in the heart of what everyone would want to see & be seen location, but a 20 minute walk to Hyde Park, perhaps 30 minute to Oxford Street shopping, & 40 minutes walk to Regent Street, for those looking for the shopping aspect of London. The staff has always been welcoming from the doorman, concierge staff, and the front desk, excellent.  High on my list for a Hilton property.  Also 20 minute walk to Marble Arch. Conveniently located, across the street from the Edgware Road Circle & District lines, as well as diagonally located from the Bakerloo line.  A recent remodel, it's been a few years of their lobby is so much more welcoming than ever before, and brightly & pleasantly lit. They have a wonderful bar for a social gathering and some…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well placed comfort stay,"Very close to tube stations and only 15 minutes steady stroll to Hyde Park. Well placed for shopping and main sightseeing routes. Hotel staff are very helpful and friendly. Plenty of choice at buffet breakfast and only a very short wait for a table. The rooms are very comfortable and cleaned daily. The mini bar in the room is extremely expensive but there are supermarkets just across the road. We weren't there long enough to use the facilities, but the pool looked lovely.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,New Year,"After reading some of the reviews I was unsure as to what to expect, but we had a fantastic time. The rooms were lovely there was a slight queue for breakfast which soon went down, there was plenty of choice and the staff were extremely helpful. I would definately use his hotel again not too far from Madame Tausaudes and Sherlock Homes Musuem. A bit of a walk to Marble Arch and Hyde Park but it was easy enough to find.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A good location for us,We recently stayed a week at the hotel in Christmas season.  We booked it as part of a British Airways package and at least with the package felt the rate was reasonable.  The full breakfast buffet was good and the concierge and desk staff helpful.  The hotel is less than a block from the Edgware underground station and is in walking distance of Paddington Station and Hyde Park.  Several day tour operators pick up from the location.  The Metropole is in an Arabic and Kurdish business neighborhood and most of the nearby restaurants reflect this although there are a few close sandwich shops and bakeries and the Marks and Spencers department store across the street has a handy food court.  One of the few faults was that the staff could have been better informed about a number of…,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what you'd expect,"The Hilton communal areas are lovely, it's just when you get to the bedrooms (Standard kingsize room) that things go downhill. I'm currently staying here, for 8 days and its just a bit tatty and depressing, not a room that you look forward to going back to. Everything is old or cheap, the TV wasn't working when I arrived, there was no menu, nothing in the minibar, all just seems a bit unloved. The room is not pretty and the bed mattress is old.  Service is fine though, I have no complaints there except it took 30 minutes to check in and the process felt like an application. Huge queues behind me, who knows how long they had to wait.   Nice view of city (Edgeware Rd).   Overall, not worth the £160 per night, the Radisson Blu that I paid less for last week was way above this…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
4446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,hilton london metropole,excellent hotel my family enjoyed their xmas experience.the food was great and the staff were extremely helpful.the xmas lunch was an amazing experience for my youngest child espcially with santas visit and him recieving his gift  we would go again without a problem,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Top notch service and accommodation for this class,"My family and I spent a week at the Hilton London Metropole just before Christmas.  Because of some of the reviews on this site and others, I wasn't sure what to expect, but we had a marvelous experience.  Every hotel worker with whom we interacted was pleasant and professional, making us feel welcome and valued: concierge, front desk, baggage, restaurant/bar, fitness center, housekeeping... every one of these services combined to make our stay perfect.   The room was comfortable and very clean.  We arrived six hours before check in, but our room was ready and we were ushered in by friendly, professional help.  The wifi had zero problems the entire week.  Breakfasts in Fiamma were busy, yes, but they were well-stocked and the workers eagerly helped with requests.    There were…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good accommodation for family of 5,"My family is happy with the room arrangements.  There are five of us including 3 children travelling along.  The room is spacious and clean.  It comes with 2 queen size bed and a sofa bed as well.  We took the room number 1193.   We stayed there for 4 nights.   There is a Tesco stores 24 hours, Mark & Spencer Stores  and some restaurants around the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not my type of stay I was expecting.,"Me and my partner booked this room for NYE and spent 200£, we entered our room with a view of the highway. And the room stank of old cigerette smoke, I sprayed some perfume around and sat on the bed. The pillows had stunk of smoke.which we had to get new ones Although the staff were nice. But still doesn't take the fact we paid so much for a room like that.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,highly recommend,"The staff are amazing, the rooms are spacious, clean and also fully equiped! i have been to other Hotels but this ticks all the boxes. The breakfast was in this amazing suite with champgne. totally loved it  and would recommend this to everyone who is intrested in a spot of shopping.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well below under what is usually expected from a Hilton hotel.,"We stayed in the Hilton Metropole end of December for 3 nights. Smooth check-in experience and off we went to our tower room on the 13th floor. Room size normal, bathroom though could use some refurbishment, but still acceptable. The room 1311 is probably used as adjoining room if sold as such, so there was a door to the next room and here comes the first disappointment: I checked the connecting doors lock to ensure that it is properly locked and it was. However after 15 minutes a security guy knocked on our door and with a very bossy and rude tone said that guests in the room next to us complained about us trying to open the door connecting the two rooms. The guard also mentioned that we did it the previous night as well. We WERE NOT THERE the previous night and this should…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Theatre trip.,"Nice hotel, pity about the tube line disruption, hotel could have informed residents accordingly. No chance of that because Hilton residents don't use the tube, or do they? Food for thought, management.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful,"To keep it short and to the point  We booked into the hilton for New Year's Eve celebrations expecting it to be a great night  Unfortunately not ... We checked in early morning and I paid for the room (non smoking opted ) We returned later the day and got our room key .. We walked into the room which stunk of stale smoke .my partner went to reception to see if we could move rooms and returned in tears, as this was just about to ruin our New Year's Eve trip. I went down to be greeted by a rude and very ignorant reception manager whomever did not want to do anything positive for us, She said you get ready and go out and while your out I will have your windows open and try and clean your room .. This was not what we would of thought ..a maid came up and sprayed air freshener in the…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very good hotel,shame about cold breakfast","I'm told it's the biggest hotel in Europe with 1500 rooms.  I don't know I didn't count.  Big, yes it is, very nice, and lovely, helpful staff.  The location was a little too far away from where we wanted to be.  However, we thought that may be the case before we decided to book a hotel inclusive coach trip to London so no complaint there. Breakfast was included in our booking, and I was impressed by the quality and quantity.  I did feel there were too many people for the space and staff to cope with, and, big no no for me, the food was virtually cold, on both mornings of our stay.  The plates were stacked in plate warmers that were not switched on, but if they had been, they were used so quickly due to the number of guests there all at once it would not have made a difference. …",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the price ,I really enjoyed the cleanliness of the hotel. We had booked for 2 adults and 2 children for 2 nights the room was a superior queen room that was decent size to fit all of us in. When we first arrived there was a lovely welcome we stayed on the west wing on the 8th floor (as we had requested on arrival for an upper floor. For brakfast itd £20 per night or you could just go to macDonalds for a much  cheaper option. The room has a fridge with WAY TO PRICEY things for example an alpen bar was 2.50 but for that much I could go to tesco (also down the high street ) and buy a box like. My mother wanted a club sandwich so we called room service and asked for one when it came to the end of the call he said the price would 19.78 we told him that we just want the one sandwich but that was…,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just an awful experience,"Breakfast was just awful, like a bus canteen. The main dining room was closed and we were all put into a 1st floor ballroom.  Cold tea made on teabags and coffee slops. Raw eggs and warmed bread are not appetising.  The hotel was overcrowded and many rowdy guests that made the foyer look like a drunken village square. Three days of feral kids playing in the elevators pressing all the buttons. Hotel could not cope with the number of guests.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok,"Would stay here again just for the location as it's close to oxford street and regents street and winter wonderland at Xmas. The hotel is very busy not so much of drama to check in staff were rather quick, the made and extra room for breakfast as it got extremely busy waiting times were long. Not the best area either. Hot water not always in use, if we could get a cheap hotel close to oxford street then would never go back ",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location Great Atmosphere,I loved this hotel for several reasons. The location is superb. Few steps from edgware road station. Cafe's are very near. The hotels atmosphere is great. Loved the lobby.  There are some drawbacks. The carpet of the room is not clean. The bed is not that comfy.  Overall I liked it I would go there again.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Full of broken power sockets,"At the ground level most power plugs are broken (4/5), clearly not an accident - tried internet zone and Edg bar zone. Others are mounted so poor that you cannot even plug the mac power adaptor into them. Rooms quality are below those of Marriott from Regent's park which is only rated 4 stars.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful Service for a name-brand hotel,"I understand the holiday season can be difficult on everyone; especially in the service industry.  But that is NO excuse for the ""we simply don't care/are too busy to bother"" attitude at this hotel.  Upon checkin for a 3 night stay (in the Hilton honors line...very speedy I will absolutely give them that) I was told as a Hilton Honors member I would get the usual water/fruit/chocolate etc sent to my room.  I said, ""that would be wonderful, but I'm really just interested in the water, so please bring that around as soon as you can"".  As if this were a joke....I NEVER RECEIVED ANYTHING that day.  The next day, on my way out of the hotel I spoke to the concierge and mentioned I still had not received any water, they said, ""you must be checking with the hilton honors please thank…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,50 mile queue for breakfast,"Stayed there for 2 nights. Rooms are ok but small, and the walls very thin - you can hear everything in the halls and adjacent rooms.   Breakfast was included, and was ok, but the capacity is woefully inadequate. Expect to have to queue for at least 30 mins if you show up any time after 8am. And if you want a coffee, expect to have to fight the other guests for it, they only seem to be able to make one pot every 10 mins. ",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My experience,"In general, this hotel was very good. However, the breakfast did not met our expectations and it was not as mentioned in the website.The breakfast was different from 22 to 26 Dec. I think if we had been there normal days, the breakfast would be different.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Always metropole,"I stayed on metropole from 19 December until 26 December. I have to say that I always enjoy my visits there .I had such an excellent treatment specially in reception with Joanna. Giulia(the Italian girl who probably cut 200 keys for me because I kept losing them, I think I don't spell well her name). They really made me feel welcome I enjoyed my breakfasts my room service (good quality of meat)my cocktails dinners in eds restaurant . I was working every day during the day and I knew on my way back to hotel that for a few hours I would feel like having holidays.the only negative thing I had to point is that in 7 days I found different staff in swimming pool a bit untrained in their forms when they talk to customers and also I gained 2 kilograms but I can not blame them for this…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,location is good.,"We booked this as a secret saver so didn't pay full price. I was a little worried when I checked reviews as they were not good, however it is not as bad as reviews suggest. Check in was quick and the room, though small, was clean and not shabby. We were on a high floor with good views and it is a short walk to Marble Arch and Hyde Park. There is no overhead lighting which I do not like but that is personal to me. Iron and hairdryer supplied but no shower cap! At first the telly would not work on normal channels; when I called reception I was told 'we do not have BBC madam'. I was taken aback 'no BBC in London?? Anyway a very pleasant maintenance man arrived quickly and fixed the problem. There is a fridge with mini bar it has some sort of code to use, we didn't even bother to…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Do not Expect too much,"Do not Expect too much from this hotel specially on the room ,food and staff level  Price is so high compared to the level of services you receive , only the location I can guarantee but the rest of accommodation ,sorry for that",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London night over,From check in to check out was made to feel comfortable. Excellent location and easy to find. Drove straight to the front door without GPS. Was let in late for breakfast which was kool. Would have loved to stay longer to use the pool and hot tub.  Awesome,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,a very nice and welcoming stay,"I stayed in this hotel with my wife on the night of my wedding over a year ago. I believe it was an Executive Room we had. The room was very clean and spacious. We must have walked past an indoor swimming pool which was on our floor. I would have gone for a relaxing swim had I stayed there much longer. Overall, it was a very nice stay.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Family Break,"We enjoyed a couple of nights in London at this very nice hotel, great location, great facilities & very friendly & attentive staff. Breakfast was very good & the room service very quick with a good selection of foods. I would recommend this hotel & would be happy to stay there again",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location However,"We booked this hotel through Tesco club card the hotels central booking service was awful no confirmation by e mail or post so it was a fingers crossed when we arrived that we had a room, the staff were all helpful and friendly and resolved the voucher issue, we were disappointed in the size and standard of our room plus the bathroom basin had a crack in it on the positive side the view from the room on the 22nd floor was fantastic and the location is very close to the tube but breakfast was no better than you would get in a travel lodge. Would not recommend.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great views,Make sure you get a higher floor...you can see the London Eye from my room.... Stayed here for the last few years with work....always clean and tidy....only 10min walk from Oxford Street....don't know about costs as my company pays for that....good central location ,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
4471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK hotel,The hotel is in a good location to use the Tube - it is only 1 block to the Edgware Station.  The area is know as Little Cairo and there are a lot of Middle Eastern restaurants and shops around.  There are 2 grocery markets within 2 blocks to get a soda or chips if needed - it is about 25 minutes to Heathrow by Taxi which is good from London  The lights in the rooms is horrid - we literally can't see in the bathrooms - you have to go out to the room to a mirror by the desk to see your face - the restaurants are ok and very expensive,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good location,"in general - good stay. Clean and comfortable room as per usual Hilton standards, however due to its gigantic size it is very impersonal. the same applies to the breakfast room. you feel just like another number that is crossed off the list. on the other hand, the staff has to manage massive number of people and they do it well.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
4473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My Go To London base,"Been coming to this hotel for many years. Modern hotel close to public transport. 5 mins walk from Paddington station where Heathrow Express operates, so no issues with stairs for suitcases. Hotel staff friendly and helpful. Arranged to have a package delivered for my stay and Nagesh at Concierge was helpful before and after my arrival to facilitate this. Internet room with computers for guests. Great location walkable to Oxford Street shopping, Kensington Gardens and even V&A Museum on a lovely sunny Spring day. Tube stop and public buses just outside the door. Marks and Spencer across the street which has a great food hall. Is a large hotel, so if you have issues with tour buses or vast number of guests where you are staying this may not be the hotel for you.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Value For Money,"For 200GBP we get a modern 4* hotel with 2 Queen bed plus buffet breakfast for 4 pax nearby Oxford Street area. 2 subway stations, many cafes/restaurants around hotel, M&S grocery store just across street, walkable to Oxford Street and Bayswater.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location but bad service,Stayed here with family of 6 for 4 nights. We had 2 interconnecting rooms in the West Wing. Arrived very early in the morning and we we're told our rooms were available which was great. I had prepaid the rooms back in June (or so I thought) but was told the payment hadn't been processed (I did receive the confirmation). I couldn't confirm this but assume they are correct. Not happy as the exchange rate has gone south since then!  We headed off to our connecting rooms to discover they weren't connecting. Rang reception who asked were we sure they weren't connecting?? Huh? Yes unless  there was a secret door. They then moved us but one of the rooms wasn't ready which wasn't a big deal. As I'm a Diamond member we headed off to the Executive lounge for a coffee. The lounge was nice…,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hit and Miss,Room was clean but a little small. The heating system was on the blink the morning we're left and the room was boiling. Let reception know when we left. There was an apology but apparently there had been the reverse problem a couple of weeks before - not warm enough. Hotel great to get to central London. Bakerloo line to Oxford Circus within 15- 20 mins. Staff were helpful too.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Week of relaxing after a business trip,"On my way back from Erlangen, I decided to spend a week in London, as I have never been to that side of the Atlantic. So this was a discovery trip for me, Hilton Metropole was highly recommended to me by multiple people who used to live in London. Upon arriving Check In was relatively quick and the guy at the counter was friendly and willing to help. I was given an upgrade for free in a room on the 22nd floor, imagine my surprise when I arrive at the room it is tiny, barely any room between the bed and wall for my suitcase (I thought it was an upgrade?) but amazing view. Room service was prompt and friendly even at 01:00. Breakfast staff was amazingly helpful and quick, and most of the breakfast tasted great (The waffles are hard). Within walking distance of the Hotel is the…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired hotel in need of remodel and better housekeeping,"I just returned from a four night stay at this property.  It is a great location, easy walking distance to Marble Arch, Hyde Park and across the street from the Edgware Road Tube stop.  It is a massive hotel by European standards and appears to cater to conventions and large groups.  Despite my confirmed king bed reservation, when I arrived I was notified that I had been ""upgraded"" to a remodeled room with two queen beds.  Which I did not want, and explained that they should not change my confirmed room type without asking me first.   It took 10 min for them to find an available king room.  In hindsight I probably should have kept the ""upgrade"" as the room I was given had a king bed that literally looked like it had been built with 2x4's in a high school shop class.  The chairs…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good,"We stayed four nights in a Queen family room in the West wing (new side) The room was well decorated clean and spacious with a good view of the Edgeware Road. The tube was only a two minute walk across the road and the location was excellent to visit all the attractions London has to offer; breakfast was good with only a short queue to get into the dining room. Had a meal one night in the sports bar and that too was very good with excellent friendly service. Check in was a bit of a wait (my only criticism), but this was made up for by the lovely warm welcome from the receptionist Stefanie, most definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Trip for Winter Wonderland and other events,"This hotel is ideally placed towards the centre of London. It is just a few bus stops away from Mable Arch and Hyde Park. The room we had was on the 8th floor of the West Wing.  It was a Queen size room ample for 4 adults.  The hotel staff seemed very pleasant and helpful.  The lady that cleaned our room daily was extremely hard working and I commend her to the manager in case you read this review.  Breakfast was good, plenty of choice and even though a large volume of people staying we gained our table quickly each morning. We used the pool daily and this was warm and well maintained, although the last morning we were told it was not available. A point lost there I am afraid. Over all a good location and despite the colossal size of the hotel it seemed to manage well. The room…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better than expected.,"Stayed over night with a coach party this weekend, having read previous reviews was a bit worried. Staff at the hotel were excellent, very friendly and helpful, had a meal in the restaurant  in the evening which was really good and good service too. The only down side was my bed, which slated one way, put cushions under mattress to even it out.. so not a good nights sleep.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,"I am an avid supporter of the Hilton brand and normally enjoy staying at Hilton hotels - this stay was disappointing. The facilities are good, the hotel is large and busy and the reception and foyer look really modern and updated. The rooms have nice fresh and fashionable linen but the actual furnishings feel a bit dated and the bathroom in my room smelled damp. The light in my bathroom was also flickering on and off and when I logged a call I was advised that there was a 24 hour turnaround time on all logged maintenance issues. Not the kind of service I expect from a Hilton Hotel!",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Central location, clean, comfortable and good service","Great location, established comfortable affordable hotel, close to West End attractions. Staff attentive and food of a good standard. Check in crowded at peak periods, but staff efficient and helpful. Pre-pay breakfast to avoid higher charges.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Convenient,"We have stayed here at least 10 times over the last few years (always on coach trips).  Always very busy. Very convenient, Underground station across the road, good bus service and a short walk from Marble Arch and Oxford Street. Breakfasts are always ample, very wide selection and good quality but busy so we always get down for an early breakfast.  Rooms are clean and comfortable but can be pot-luck, you might have a wonderful view or be facing a blank wall..",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,stay at london hilton metropol,"Stayed at this hotel in October 2014. Our son was going to  Comic con in the Excell exhibtion center. We loved this hotel. The beds  were very comfortable nice soft pillows aswel. Beautiful large hotel with lovely food. There is a fusion restaurant, a chocolate shop, a whiskey lounge and another restaurant for evening meals. Also has a coffee shop for light snacks.  It is decorated beautifully. There is a tube station directly across the road which was very handy to go all over London. We will stay at this hotel again some time. Loved it so much.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
4486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My birthday,"We stayed for two nights. Had a free upgrade and complimentary nibbles,  fruit and wine. Lovely room staff very very good. The only downside we had a lovely view but couldn't see it! Our windows the seal had obviously blown and the windows were all condensated up couldn't see anything. Would stay again brilliant location, breakfast was plentiful and tasty. ",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Christmas sightseeing weekend,The hotel is well situated for the west end hyde park and oxford street. It is the largest hotel I have ever stayed in. The room was nice and bathroom a good size. On the downside the internet was expensive and they didn't supply enough tea and coffee and no biscuits ! The breakfast was very nice with a varied selection .,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel and good location,We spent a weekend in this hotel. Very convenient from Heathrow and very convenient with 2 metro stations less than 5 min walk. Great breakfast with a buffet with a lot of choice. Paddington area is not very nice and we needed to take the metro to go in central London. ,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great for Family,"The hotel sits in a neighbourhood not far away from Asian/Middle Eastern restaurants. This is especially convenient for travellers with older parents. It is a walking distance from Oxford Street and the Paddington Station is near as well. The family room was lovely and spacious, suitable for a family of up to 5. Staff were helpful in rectifying an issue with the sudden incurred charges relating to drinks from the bar.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent. Recommended,"Pretty good stay. Waited a while for check-in but it was understandable given the circumstances (all flights from London were cancelled on the day). The staff were very helpful and friendly. Listened to my request and fulfilled it. Room was lovely (the new rooms), clean, and spacious enough. Amenities were excellent and the number of quests (3) was fully considered for all aspects of the room. The room-service really is NOT that great. I would not order twice (although we did due to circumstances). The first meal was alright, the second we were served half-done rice, dried out cold bread, cold naan, e.t.c. However, besides the food failure, everything else was great.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Still good, but needs attention ","I've stayed here perhaps 8 or 9 times. Exec Lounge still good. I was able to check in there very quickly and staff were friendly. Good drinks and snacks in the evening. The room was spotless, but so knocked about. Until I know exec rooms have been refurbished I wouldn't stay again. Used express checkout, but problem with car park ticket but dealt with quickly by staff. Good service in the bar. If there was some TLC shown to the rooms, I'd be happy to stay again.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average stay,"Stayed on business and was very average, the room i received was very small, i have received better at this hotel. Given the price my company was paying the room i received was poor value.  Hopefully i'll get a better room next time, if not i'll be booking another hotel by another chain.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Last ever visit,"You'll see I've written many glowing reviews of the Metropole, There's always been ONE glaring problem though, which I've mentioned more than once. Check in! Firstly English speaking would be useful for staff. Secondly, not trying to lie and con you with a cheaper room than you have booked would be nice Third, not waiting 15 minutes while they ""speak to a manager"" would be another Forth, actually sending you an invoice if you use post check out I've the top status with Hilton, Diamond. I have had for years, if they lie and cheat me, well what does that say for Joe Public. After a fight, I got a decent room, well almost. I wrote to the hotel manager (Avner On), and the CEO of Hilton (twice) I haven't had the courtesy of a reply from either. I was meant to be staying there in…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel Poor Service,Even though the hotel was great the service and the attitude of some of the staff and the efficiency of some departments was disgusting and I am still out of pocket because of a pathetic error. I am very unlikely to book hotel again.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,breakfast,the overall quality of the breakfast was OK but was consistently let down by it being cold to lukewarm at best this happened on all the five days stay that we stayed at the hotel. There were patches of mildew on shower wall,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice family rooms,Spent 4 nights at Hilton Metropole december 2014.  Nice and spacious family rooms. Great breakfast and pool. Good service at the front desk. The restaurant was not too great having the prices in mind. Walking distance from Hyde Park and Oxford Street.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice business hotel, convenient for city and business trips","The hotel is in walking distance from Oxford street, and will take around 20 minutes walking. Close to the hotel is access to the Tube system, for easy access to the rest of the city. Paddington station is in walking distance to, and from there you can have the direct trains to London Heathrow Airport. Perfect basis for a city visit and good restaurants in the hotel, as well as in the surroundings. Perfect stay.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, friendly staff but needs better housekeeping/maintenance","I have stayed at this hotel for a total of 10 days over the last month. It is in a great location, close to Paddington train station and a stones throw from Edgware Road tube station.   The view from the top floor is outstanding and the executive lounge is also very nice, with complimentary spirits included in the deal between 6-8pm daily. There is also complimentary afternoon tea which is lovely.   Now, for the bad bits. The hotel is dated in parts (although other parts have clearly been refurbished). The staff (housekeeping) clearly don't have a 'checklist' for their daily clean i.e. Check shower, clean floors, check remote control is working etc. That said, whenever I complained to the reception/guest relations, they were extremely accommodating.   Breakfast was very nice,…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Lovely hotel.the rooms are very clean everything you need, but I feel are a bit small compared to other Hilton hotels and the mini bar too expensive. We ate here and the food was lovely as was the spa,nice warm swimming pool and steam room with sauna.lovley hotel and staff would definitely come back thank you.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton? Really ? Prefer the Premier Inn,"Booked at King size room , got a twin.  Compensation offered was free wifi - something that we should apparantly should have has by booking through their website - which we did. So wasn't exactly forthcoming, but the astaff seemed to be stuck .  (annoying thing is that the staff don't know you have booked via their webasite/its not automatically added to your booking/they don't want to add it automatically so they can charge.....take your pick)   Hotel rooms are a bit out of date, need maintenance.  seems to be too many institutional problems here - seeing as I'm trying to add this review after going throught their survey process.  Had I known, would rpobably have booked the Premier Inn down the road and used the difference for a taxi .",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London break,"Went on a weekend break with friends , hotel in a quiet area and in a walkable distance to shops. Didn't rate the bar at top of hotel drinks expensive and lacked atmosphere , the double rooms are small and badly lit but I suppose u don't go to london to sit in your room !!! I would recommend the Hilton at paddington as a better hotel the rooms are bigger .",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Definitely not a 4 star,"Just arrived back from a 3 night stay at this hotel to celebrate my husbands birthday and I must admit very disappointed in the hotel itself, don't be fooled by the grand entrance look further rooms need urgent attention...... 1. Check-in - waited between 5 - 10 minutes to check in not all desks were open - staff was friendly when checking in 2. Room - stayed in a room on the 4th floor - very cold and draft from the window - no heating went down to reception and reported the heating was not working - engineer (very friendly odd job man) arrived to fix it (within 10 minutes of it being reported) received a call to see if the room had heated up it had but the draft from the window made it cold. We left the heating all day whilst we were out hoping the room would be warm on our…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Stayed one night over the weekend while on a theater coach break and was very impressed. I had booked a twin room for my mum and I and we were happy with the size and cleanliness of the room, one battery was missing from the TV remote but on phoning reception a new one was delivered in five minutes. Great service, quick check in and a lovely room. Will definitely be coming back!",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fine but very noisy,I stayed at this hotel this past weekend and the room I had was in the east wing on a lower floor .The room itself was nice but the shower was very tiny. The hotel was convenient to 2 tube stations but I didn't care for the area late at night I didn't feel secure alone and it was very noisy. The sound of traffic and sirens  kept me awake off and on all night both nights so I likely wouldn't choose it again.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend visit to London,"Stayed overnight here visiting London for a Sing-a-long in the Albert Hall. Good place to stay very central to most attractions. Rooms spacious, Breakfast OK. Didn't eat in the restaurant so can't comment on food there but as it was London prices didn't think we would bother.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stat at  Hilton Metropole London,"This was the worst experience I have had in a Hilton.  As a Gold member I expected at the very least a little service - however; several things just did NOT go right:  - Queue to Gold check-in -- not manned - when checking in -- the lady (pleasant enough) told me as a gold member I would get a room upgrade - Did not. I was also given a voucher for a free drink at the bar - - well... - went to the bar to have my drink after a very long day travelling and the waiter was APPAULING. tried to embarrassed me infront of other customers that ""other customers do not have a free drink"" and why was I? Several times I said to him please stop - are you trying to embarrassed me - he did not stop -- finally just left the bar in TOTAL DISGUST.   - went back to my room and rang down to complain…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,overpriced and poor quality,This hotel has exhorbitant charges for a very small room that smelt. The food quality was also very poor. The breakfast we ordered was not what was recieved and what we recieved was not that good. I understand that london Hotels charge very silly prices from everything from the room to the bar but you expect a high quality in return. This falls very short of that. We shall not return to this hotel -,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,Good value for money. Excellent staff (skilled and nice). Comfortable beds. Stressfull breakfast (felt like a Titanic evacuation). Breakfast elsewhere reccomended. Warm and nice swimmingpool (would have been nice with a jacuzzi too).,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Its a Bit Pricey - but they have great Staff - Good location,"I use this hotel a heck of a lot - not because of value for money, but sometimes I do get a good deal every now and then.  Not because its new and modern,I mainly use it because of its location and more especiually the executive lounge.  This is a great place to do business, its a littl tired in places and a little weatherbeaten, BUT they are spending a hell of a lot of money brining the place up to a better standard.  Bar and receptions areas I bet have a had a few million punds spent on them  Its a very welcoming hotel - staff are good - above average training - good restaurant and bar on the 28th floor and you don't get charges to just go and have a look like the other taller buildings in london  Its a lot better value for money than a number of hiltons in town - perfect for…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfectly okay,This is a large hotel but there is not much wrong with it. Good location for the tube but near some very busy and polluted roads. A bit of a corporate hotel but there were plenty of tourists staying as well.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great service under pressure,"I have stayed here many times. Consistency of high quality service always in evidence, On this occasion, I was particularly impressed with the courteousness, professionalism and patience of the  team in the Executive Lounge over two separate overnight visits at  a peak pre-Christmas season. The staff handling baggage storage were simply super efficient as well when pressed by unusual circumstances. The new decor of the hotel is impressive and clearly has inspired the staff.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large, busy city centre hotel","stayed early in December.   It's a huge hotel with 3 separate wings, and reception was perpetually busy. I would have rated the hotel higher but haven't because  I never felt that the hotel staff were interested in their guests but simply processed them albeit mostly reasonably efficiently.   My booking was lost as I was apparently supposed to have checked in the night before: again to be fair  that could have been the fault of our company travel agent.  I was lucky to be given a non-smoking room as the hotel was very full: my colleagues who checked in after me were all given smoking rooms ( although to be fair they were compensated with upgrades and drinks vouchers).   I was given a huge executive room on the 3rd floor which was nicely furnished.  Lovely huge shower, but it …",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never again!,"This hotel has a 4 star rating and at the price we paid for a 1 night stay there were certain expectations.  On first impressions as you enter the spacious lobby we were impressed.  30 mins after queuing to check in we went to our room. That was the end of our optimistic expectations.  On booking one  the 'guest rooms' via the hotel website you assume the room will not be twin beds unless you asked for it  (you would expect this to be a choice on booking) so we were disappointed that this is what we had been allocated when we arrived and were told you don't get to choose when you book 'guest room' you get what your given.  We asked for a double room and this was quickly rectified.  Once you get away from the clean, bright and modern lobby area and up to the corridors where the…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole Edgeware Road,"Poor value for money £232 for double room and £25 ( weekend parking ) room OK but no water in room, bathroom not cleaned properly , seats too close together at breakfast so everytime you moved you hit the chair behind. Better hotels for less money in more central locations. Car park ticket machine broken but didn't tell you at reception only found out when walked alway through hotel ( quite a distance ) then had to return to reception to pay. Check in / out waiting time not good - expected better service at that cost.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,world traveller,The room I had was so small my carry on bag with wheels would not fit between the foot of the bed and the wall.  The room looks and feel old and not updated.  If you want a place to sleep this hotel will do.  My room was half the size of the room that was shown on the Hilton's web site.,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Refurbishment needed,Let's start with the good impression. The foyer is attractive and nice and the check in went nice and easy. But once in the corridors and especially in my room everything changes. Old fashioned and worn out. Toilet running for a long time. When surrounding rooms used wash and bath the drain is struggling in my bathroom waking me up several times at night. My college in another room had the same experience.  Refurbishment of rooms are really needed. This hotel is not value for money and I will not choose it again before it is refurbished. But service is fine and that makes the two star rating.,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Had to book in at the very last minute because I had missed my train.  They responded very quickly in finding me a room at a reasonable rate by phone.  When I checked in the receptionist knew who I was, had the paper work ready and made sure I was ok.  I was then upgraded free of charge, which made me feel better about having missed the train and to have to stay away without any over night things.  Fantastic service!",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole,The Hotel is very big..  The Room was clean and tidy but too small for 4 people..  Staff were very nice and helpful but Some of the staff were hard to understand and they didnt understand us either.  The Hotel was very central to Oxford Street and shopping.,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"""Fab Hotel""!!!","Stayed here for one night only :( on a works awards night. My friend and I shared a twin bedded room (208). Although the view from the window was a wall haha! (didn't go for the view) the bed I slept in has to be the best mattress I've ever slept on in my life!!!! May have to try and find out who supplies their mattresses! 2 wonderful soft plump pillows as well. Didn't want to get out of it in the morning lol! The room was lovely and warm and in our bathroom there was a magnifying mirror with a light all round it, must have been at least 20X mag? Ladies be warned!, if you think you look good in the regular mirror in that bathroom, leave it at that believe me haha!!! Breakfast, lots to choose from, hot and cold, and it seemed as much or as little as you wanted. You get shown to…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
4520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large, soul-free corporately anonymous dissapointment","Pretty awful. I travel a lot, usually a night ir two in london per week. This was a corporate booking ( as per usual ) but ( not per usual) was told room was guaranteed but not paid for. Of a couple of hundred hotel stays over the last few years this is tge furst time this happened to me. No apology. I was expected to ring my corporate travel agent but suggested the check in lady should do this. She did and finally sorted it, then asked for 50gbp authorisation for extras. I made the point this isn't a policy at most other chains i use but was told ' its procedure'. Not at park plazas it isn't. Nor premier inns. Nor most other places i'll stay in future rather than here. Also, i queued for 10 minutes for a flacid breakfast (no bacon, no offer of tea or coffee) and also queued 10…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A great hotel,"The hotel is huge and new.its near the edgware underground station on the bakerloo line. Very convenient. The staf was very polite.we took a triple room that was big with 2 double beds.at the first evening we got some cakes and drinks on the house..the breakfast was a bufet plenty possibilities...eggs,fruit,yougurt, cakes...huge lobby..plenty of places to sit.there is a spa that we didnt use but its nice to know there is",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel Review,"After a 20 minute wait to check into an extremely expensive and doudy room as was the car parking at £35 per day, Cold Water for 2 days in basin and shower, Wash Basin Blocked and plug fittings came off in my hand, Air con could not turn off at all and ran all night keeping me awake and staff were not bothered at all!",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shocking Service and Stolen iPod!,"I stayed here on 5th December for two nights with my friends as I travelled to London for my birthday! This hotel was my go to hotel when I travel to London but after this experience I will never visit again! The first problem we had was on Saturday night when we were at the ground floor bar, the waitress took 40mins to even acknowledge that we were sat there and then a further 40mins to bring the drinks. On paying for the drinks it took the waitress nearly an hour to take payment! She took my friends card and disappeared, we could see her assisting other customers and after around 30 minutes we went to see what the problem was! She had forgotten about us as their was a problem with the till and LEFT my friends debit card on the side of the till! This is absolutely disgusting…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What can i say: Simply oke,"Huge hotel without character. This hotel is close to the tube station which is convenient. In the ""lebanese"" neighbourhood. Hotel is like a huge factory , though a got an upgrade i noticed huge difference in how they treated my friend (gold) versus me Silver.  Room was spacious, but hardly any facilities: no hairdryer, 1 shower and bodylotion. Bathtube was not very clean. price is high for what you get. ",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Appalling service and experience in Hilton Metropole,It seems there is no communication among staff / departments in this hotel. During check in I asked about breakfast as I have booked a package which includes it. The staff told me I was not entitled for it. I told her how can it be when the package says it includes continental breakfast and I paid for it. She told she's going to speak with her manager and when she came back she said that yes it does include breakfast. The next day when we went for breakfast there was a long queue then when it was our turn the staff asked our room number which I gave only to be told again that I'm not entitled breakfast! So I told her I was entitled for breakfast it was even checked last night. She left to ask a lady who seems to be the supervisor and she asked me to write my room number and sign…,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,How can people give this hotel anything more than 2,Ok so it's in London. I understand that. yes it's quite well situated. But the price and the rooms are just ridiculous. I stayed in a Hilton in China last week and it was on a different planet to this hotel. Why does Hilton still maintain the room sizes in this building. The decor is out of the 1980's and it's just embarrassing to have to recommend this hotel (with prior warnings) just because it's close to Paddington and is a little cheaper when the Paddington Hilton is over booked! The staff are ok and the lobby area is ok but the rooms need serious work. please Hilton spend a little bit of money and make this the Hotel it could be! Oh and it's about time for free WiFi!,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,We stayed one night as we was visiting winter wonderland. Like others have mentioned check in was a nightmare and took ages. We travelled as a four and was told we would have rooms near each other. We got put on the 4th floor and my brother and his wife on the 11th..... The hotel room was basic but nicely decorated. The tv didn't have a remote and the dials on the side didn't work so couldn't watch any tv. The air conditioning also didn't work and woke up in the night with it pumping out hot air without anyway of turning it off! Overall the hotel was okay but the staff could be more friendly and helpful. My brother had no problems with his room so may have just been a one off. People that said they couldn't find breakfast there was notices all over clearly stating breakfast is…,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Service,"I have just returned from spending the weekend at this hotel. My daughter took me to celebrate my birthday and the hotel kindly upgraded us to an executive room which allowed us to use the executive facilities. This made our trip a little more special.   The hotel was very busy but check inn was quick and the room was ready on arrival. We used the restraunt on one of the nights and the menu was reasonably priced. There is a nice pool and gym but we didn't have time to sample these.   I would definitely return to this hotel with the tube station located across the road. Additionally, there are ample coffee shops and restraunts nearby.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great venue,"Very big hotel (3 linked buildings, some 1000 rooms) but still personnel was quite caring. Good location: 15 minutes walk to Marble Arch: road to there is filled with many arab restaurants, but still safe and clear area, 5 minutes to Paddington Station. Very good breakfast if you come before 9 Am (after that there are long queues, he room does not have enough places!). Very good restaurant ""La Fiamma"" on ground floor  (free for children under 10). Very clean hotel and quite quiet.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs improvement,"I have just spent 3 nights here as I do each year for an event. I have to commend the conference staff. They were as always fantastic and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this side of the hotel. Breakfast was also fabulous with a great selection. The reception staff were also helpful and very pleasant. The first area that let it down was the service in the main bar. Not only was it slow, 25 minutes from ordering some drinks but the necks bier was completely flat and lifeless. When I complained the waitress said I know I did mention it the bar staff but they told me to take it! These were credited back though with minimal fuss. I would recommend popping over the road to the green man. The second let down was my room in the the tower. The room itself was spotless but very very…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cold room loud pipes school dinners,"We visited the Hilton Metropole on Edgware road on the 6th December; this was part of our Christmas shopping trip. We visited 18 years ago for our 1st wedding anniversary and it was fantastic!! How times have changed. We checked in to room 623, cold does not describe it the room is sandwiched between the stair well a cleaners cupboard and has 2 outside walls. We turned the heating up to be met with a clanging noise and it was LOUD very LOUD!!!!. Down to reception we went, a very nice receptionist listened and asked us to return to our room and call maintenance?? Why she couldn’t do this is beyond me but I did as asked. I dialled 0 and explained the cold and noise, “we will be with you immediately Mr Badger” an hour later no one had turned up, freezing we decided to go out to…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,tired hotel,"stayed at the metropole for three nights the stay was average and not worth the hype. One the plus side the lobby of the hotel is busy and interesting all night long.   The porters at the entrance never attended to me once (perhaps i am african)  getting to the rooms they were so outdated and neded some sort of renovation. The rooms were so small, two of us literally stumbled over each other all day. our view though o the 12th floor was of a wall  In total the hotel and its staff are just tired",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but the rooms are just OK","I stayed here twice, once just for a night in October by myself for business and again with the family in 2 rooms in November. The location is great, just a tube stop or a short walk to Paddington for the Heathrow Express or other train. The Edgeware Road tube stop is right across the street and there's am M&S, Costa Coffee, and Pret right next door as well for a quick coffee or bite to eat. The lobby and bar areas are grand and the service was good at the desk.  The October visit I was upgraded to a Supreme Queen room. The good was that the view from the window was great, and it was very spacious even by American standards. The bathroom was fine as well. But the hallways and room felt very worn. The bed was very hard and creaky, and the TV turned on but was nothing but static…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One of the better stays in London,"I have been to London several times over the many years and I have to say that the Hilton Metropole exceeded my expectations. Our family of four was given the newer wing family room and it is larger than the normal rooms. The walk is a little further I admit but it was also quieter. The beds were comfortable and noise level very acceptable given that the hotel is quite close to the main road. Its very close to the Edgware Road station which is great, and there are sufficient food choices around the vicinity as well. We dined at the hotel restaurant and the food was good. Although the hotel is very busy (there was a convention/function every night we stayed there) the service is still good. Keep up the good work!",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Outdated and dirty,"I stayed there for a two night stay followed by a one night stay.  In both instances the rooms were outdated and at best, moderately clean.  A colleague's room hadn't been vacuumed from the previous occupant and there were toe nail clippings on the carpet.  When concern was expressed, indifference was displayed.    I asked the concierge on two occasions for help and I was clearly bothering them.  I'd recommend looking for another hotel to stay.  The location is good, but that's about it.    ",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good service in a bit worn-out facility,"The hotel provides the service you would typically expect from a Hilton hotel, both at the reception and at breakfast. The interior is somewhat outdated and also the room I was given had seen its best days already. The location is very practical with easy access to the underground and Heathrow Express trains.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No hot water for a hotel? Shame on you!,"It's been about 8 years since I have stayed here and the same thing happened to me again! No HOT water! It was horrible. At 8:00 in the morning and a large hotel in London doesn't have hot water? When I called down to the front desk, all I got was a flippant sorry...No, I should have been offered a complimentary night's stay.  If you can't provide a basic service then don't be in the hotel industry.  I will never stay here again nor will I ever recommend this hotel.  Horrible.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shocking Customer Service,I & my family arrived at the hotel around 20.00 tonight.  At check in I was told there was no record of my booking.  My booking was made through Expedia on 21st July (ref included). Once it become apparent that my booking was botched the staff basically blamed Expedia & I was cut loose.  I had confirmation from Expedia of my booking. The staff did the bare minimum to help once it become apparent the booking was messed up.  I was told just to phone Expedia & was refused the use of your phone on the desk.  The gentleman serving me (Javier Suizo Hernandez) was quite polite but basically was useless & the lady serving on the desk next to him was downright rude.  Straight away she was dismissing me & my booking as all the fault of Expedia (remember they had actually sent me my…,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sounds strange - but great view!,"Although we live on the outskirts of London, twice a year me and 3 friends spend a day being London tourists. We look for a good value but good hotel. This hotel exactly ticked those boxes,  it sits on The Edgeware Road, right by The Westway (flyover on A40) so was probably a bit further out from the centre of London than we realised. This was no problem though. Our room is large and spacious. We are on the 10th floor and overlooking the A40, I am an insomniac so have entertained myself all night by watching the traffic on the A40 and Edgware Road. It is a large busy hotel and so far all staff have been polite and friendly. There were various xmas functions on through out the hotel but this did not impact on us at all. Can't comment on breakfast as haven't had it yet (lets hope…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
4540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,2 night stay Dec 3 to 5th,Stayed here for a conference on 3rd and 4th dec and stayed in a room in the tower. There was no hot water for both nights . My colleague who also was in the tower spoke to reception about it. In the end they said we should use the shower in the gym. On checking out they seemed surprised when I told them about the water!,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
4541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I won’t be checking back in anytime soon,"I stay in Hilton hotels many times each month and have always been satisfied with the service and rooms – however, not at this hotel.  My room was booked as part of a package for a conference I was attending and although myself and 8 colleagues had been told we could check in at 3pm when we tried we were told to come back at 4, then 5 and then (jokingly 10pm – although by this point I wasn’t really in the mood for jokes by the reception staff) – we eventually checked in shortly after 5pm after waiting in a queue at least 30 people long, although I have to say the person who eventually checked us in was very apologetic and efficient (Credit where it’s due).  I stayed in the Tower section and the room, although clean, was tired in places, the mini bar was only partially stocked,…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great service,"Great room, two queen sized beds, very comfy and lots of pillows. Staff very friendly and excellent service at reception, bars and restaurant, excellent central location on Edgeware Rd. Very handy for hitting the shops as tube station just opposite from hotel. In room dining reasonably priced and speedy service. Will definitely be back.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bad Experience at Hilton Metropole W2,"It took 20 mins to check in despite 5 desks open. Some guests jumped the queue. Security was poor there  was many people walking in the hotel unchallenged. It was hot with ineffective room control. It took 15 mins to queue to the restaurant for breakfast. Tea was served with tea bags and a pot of hot water,rather than a freshly brewed tea. Sausages wer uncooked. Eggs were over cooked. Again no effective system to self serve breakfast. Bed uncomfortable.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location!   Friendly and helpful staff,"This was not our first stay here but the first over Black Friday and the start of holiday parties.  We checked in on Wed.11/26 and every night till we left on 11/29 there were multiple parties and large groups checking in.  People from all over the world were here and it was fun.  When we checked in the woman gave us a handicapped room---terrible. So on Thurs. AM we switched to 1377, a super room. It was a corner room, spacious, views over London, quiet, a perfect room.  The Executive Lounge was super busy but we always managed to find a seat and the staff were very helpful too.  I would go back any time.  Have the Concierge book you at the Mandalay Restaurant down the street, only about 10 tables, but super Burmese and Thai food, cheap good bottles of wine, and friendly…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family weekend stay,"We chose this hotel as it was close to Hyde Park (we were visiting winter wonderland with the kida) and tube stations. Location is great, huge hotel and the superior family room was extremely spacious for 4 of us which was great and just what we needed. We ordered from the room service menu one night and found the pizza and pasta to be very average, in fact we regretted not popping out to a nearby restaurant and picking up takeaway. The breakfast had a great range and catered for all tastes however the quality of the cooked food was not very good at all. Would stay here again but probably not eat here.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Busy,Stayed for an award ceremony was a lovely evening but the hotel is very busy there were lots of events and the foyer was overwhelming with hundreds of people gathered around the room we stayed in was a suite and was lovely however the sirens outside throughout the night were a bit of a nightmare - overall the hotel staff were friendly the rooms were clean and they did not hesitate to help when we needed extra towels etc. My colleague used the pool which she said was a little dirty but was warm enough and the staff were helpful.,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good central location,"Recently stayed here for 3 nights during a business trip.  Was able to check in early after flying out overnight and arriving in the morning, which was great.  Room was very nice and clean.  Hotel is modern and has plenty of conveniences -restaurants, bars, cash machines, etc.    The hotel is just a short walk from several Tube stations.  Easy trip to get to all of the main tourist attractions with just a quick ride on the Tube or a taxi.    Very nice fitness center and good breakfast in the morning.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tower rooms: shabby but quiet,Very efficient and all that you expect from Hilton business. Seems expensive but ok for a brief stay. Don't expect anything homely or spacious! My check-in/out was painless but seeing the desks and barriers suggests it can get hectic.,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average,"Good hotel for a business trip, but a bit noisy (coming and going in the hallways), rooms a bit dated, not enough available hygiene products, smell of stale smoke .. and warm water. Be careful if you forget your adapter they can lend one but not for free!",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
4550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,great for a weekend stay,"we stayed at the Hilton Metropole as we were in London to see Jooles holland at the Albert hall and do a little christmas shopping. Arrived friday afternoon check-in efficient and quick. Stayed in room 234 a very quite room which is great plus for central london. Room a little tired and shower not too powerful, but really clean. Service very good, this is a very busy hotel but there are plenty of helpful friendly staff. Hotel 30 mins walk to Royal Albert hall, a lovely walk threw Hyde Park. Hotel about 35 minutes walk to Oxford street, so really good location. Would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent weekend stay,"An excellent two night stay.   clean room, good breakfasts, no queue when we went at 8am, but people were queuing when we left around 8.45.   Taxi into London cost £20 which is not bad if there are 4 of you, about the same as the tube fair.   walking into town took about 20minutes.    Would use the hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just a delight ,"I stayed in the hotel 2 nights last week and had a wonderful experience .  I checked in early on Sunday morning after my flight  and  Lina the guest relations manager made sure that I get a room upon arrival which was wonderful as I needed  to refresh and leave for an event.  As a diamond member I was upgraded to the west wing where the rooms are very specious and comfortable .   The executive lounge team are always nice and welcoming .. Shadi was king to kind and extended a late check out for me.   I have spoken to the customer service team and every request was never too much, the service was quick and efficient . Ameeta , was fantastic and even sourced few plasters for me .  It's nice to go to a hotel that you hear more Yes . Than No.. And I'm sure you all know what I mean . …",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
4553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Decent, functional, business hotel",This hotel is very convenient to Paddington station. Not a bad business hotel big rooms well appointed and look reasonably up-to-date.    Had all that you would expect from a Hilton. Only downside was the length of time it took to check in and the £15 charge for wifi,Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
4554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Too big, too crowded, too noisy, too expensive, too industrial","The only positive thing about this hotel is the staff: nice, helpful, very international, speak lots of languages.  The rest is just bad: - This hotel is WAY too big, everything is crowded. Once you're in the main hall, you have to commute during 10 minutes just to get to your room. Tt takes FOREVER to get a lift, the check in desks are crowded day and night, you have to get in line during 5 to 10 minutes just to get into breakfast, etc. It doesn't feel homey at all, it feels like you're in the middle of the street stuck in a traffic jam ALL THE TIME. - The gym is super small and poorly furnished. Like I mentioned, the hotel is giant, so I don't understand how the gym can be so small. Put more than 5 persons in there, and it's full. One of the hotel staff mentioned that they had…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beyond expectations,"We just returned from a 9 day visit to the UK.  The tour company we toured with made all the hotel accomodations and we spent a total of three nights at this Hilton.  The staff were wonderful and our rooms were very nice.  When the English say you will be getting a ""full English breakfast"", they mean a full breakfast.  We had a breakfast buffet every morning and had so many choices that we didn't get hungry again until late afternoon.  It is close to the underground, only a few blocks from Baker St. (Sherlock Holmes museum) and just down the street from Hyde Park where you can catch the London tour buses that take you all over London.  Highly recommedn this hotel if you are going to London, England.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
4556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location and service,"Easy walking distance to Paddington tube station (Bakerloo, District, Circle and Hammersmith & City lines), Edgware Road tube station (District, Circle and Hammersmith & City lines), the other Edgware Road tube station (Bakerloo line), multiple bus stops and Paddington railway station (Heathrow Express, Windsor Castle and Oxford - no taxi required). Great (free) breakfast buffet. Staff very attentive. Spacious lobby and bars.  US electrical outlet in bathroom (shaver only). Shower a bit snug (no bathtub). Groceries (Marks & Spencer) across the street. Pharmacy just down the street. Several middle eastern restaurants in area and good pub (Fountain Abbey) between hotel and Paddington Station.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
4557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,Excellent from start to finish. Staff very helpful. Bed extremely comfortable.Great nights sleep. Range of food and beverages excellent.Easy to park.Very clean. Look forward to next visit.Booking in and out went very smoothly.,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
4558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Didn't get the basics right,"Public areas are impressive and go some way to justify the price (even for central London) however I still expect a clean, tidy room, with a useable shower and working wifi. Sadly all of these were below standard. The room stank of cigarettes, the floor was filthy with the previous occupants detritus and the shower was stuck at a temperature which was far too hot. The wifi was feeble meaning I had to move down to a public area to work. My complaints at checkout were received with a mild apology, and my suggestion of a discount ignored. Poor show Hilton. ",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
4559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One night - Comfortable Stay,"I was only there one night and didn't get chance to try out the gym etc. But the staff were attentive, the breakfast was great and the room was clean and comfortable. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a short stay in London.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Again perfection,"i would like to say that on this occasion my weekend was turned from being really frustrating at the beginning to end up being a 5 stars.I would like to keep the complain that I had for myself and for management , but the reason why i decided to rate 5 stars is because a proper gentleman called Ferran( I wrote his name in a napkin as he deserved it) he handle my complain in sucha nice way that he turned my tears in a beautiful smile , Hilton metropole staff are very well trained . As usual I will be coming with my Husband on weekend Mr Garcia and hopefully our sunday dreams will not stop. I will definetly will recommend anyone to go to that hotel ,specially knowing that if something goes bad,you will have people like Ferran who will look after you .See you next sunday ,thank you…",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
4561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another Hilton,"It offers good rates for being almost in the city centre. Nevertheless, the rooms are not spacious and some parts of the hotel look quite old. It is an enormous hotel, but there were only 2 or 3 receptionists, so there were big lines at any time of the day. Not repeating it.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
4562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Something Special,"A great hotel in a good location (a ten minutes walk to Oxford Street!) and is convenient for the underground.  From the moment we walked into reception until we left we found all the staff very attentive and helpful.  A special mention - Michael, Exec Sous Chef & his team, because the food in the restaurant was excellent, well presented and reasonably priced for a central London hotel.  We would not hesitate to return to this hotel again.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
4563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the best experience. ,"We visited London as we had a stand up comedy show to go to.  Booked the hotel for one night and the problems started as soon as we arrived. We were told that the hotels computer systems were down and that EVERY guest will have to fill out a form and come back in a couple of hours to complete the check in. We did just that we went back to the hotel TWO hours AFTER the time we were advised as I believed this would give the staff ample opportunity to sort out their issues. To our surprise NOTHING was done, there was around 150 people just in the lobby area  alone waiting to get their rooms. We were then put in a wrong room and had to wait an hour for the manager to actually fix this mess! Staff were friendly (when they felt like it) None the less just unnecessary,  it's the Hilton…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,MMM NOT BAD,I was staying here for two nights got a deal on price as wouldn't pay full prices. All the staff very happy and helpful. Nice area being near Park Lane etc. Loads of restaurants near by is always a good thing.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Having read trip advisor we almost cancelled our reservation. So glad we didn't.,I just spent 6 nights in London at the Metropole with my husband and son.  We arrived early and were very pleased to be able to check in as our room was available.We did lots of sightseeing and the staff and concierge were always extremely helpful.  Room was large and spacious with a great view.  Location was very convenient to the underground and buses.,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
4566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,poor value,"what a waste of money, attended an awards evening, room paid in advance and on arrival they take £50 ""deposit"" just in case you use the mini bar which is highly unlikely as a gin and tonic cost £9 and then on check out you have to wait a further 4 working days to get your deposit back The food at the awards evening was the worst I've ever tasted and the waiters were rude, at £299 a night there MUCH better in London don't waste your money",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Made for a memorable trip for all the wrong reasons,We booked a 2 night stay for 9 people to celebrate my dads 70th birthday.  When booking he asked for rooms together but on check in we were allocated rooms on different floors and my parents were given an inferior disabled room.  Given the importance of the trip and the money paid the service and support provided was very poor,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"The Metropole is located in a good location, with tube stations, bus lines, and Paddington Train Station nearby. The hotel lobby underwent a renovation in 2013, and updated its lobby, bar, and restaurant decor. The rooms are comfortable, with good room size. However I agree with many other reviewers about the Wi-Fi access. Hotel staff were also very friendly and helpful. The hotel restaurant is very popular, especially during breakfast, and offers a good meal selection. Overall, the hotel is recommended for friendly hotel staff, hotel location and room size.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Viola,"I had an enjoyable stay at this hotel on 23 and 24 Nov.  Breakfasts excellent, dinner also.  Triple room was a bit cramped. Awakened in middle of night by cleaner sweeping outside door on both nights. Everything else was great, staff were most helpful. Edgeware road underground just opposite with circle line route to take you to most of the attractions . M&s across street an added bonus.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend trip to the city,"As a Hilton Honours member I have stayed at numerous Hilton Hotels and when visiting London was happy to stay at the Metropole.   The good, Location is good, as is the breakfast  The not so good (Bad)Whilst the breakfast is good, the long wait to get it is not. Room was very average, quite dated with paint peeling and size wise, on the small side, hot water never arrived when trying to take a shower, no shower cap, no access to fridge for own use unless large deposit paid. Booked on the 8th floor and ice machine not working all weekend. Whilst the luggage store is a good thing, the fact this is run by one man for hundreds of clients is not good and we found ourselves queing over twenty minutes both on arrival and departure. You therefore had to ensure  you collected your luggage…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"For business only! The hotel itself is disappointing, the service is great.",I stayed at the Hilton London Metropole for 2 nights and I felts disappointed when I saw the room which is outdated and just needs to be fully renewed.   It just does not fit what I had in mind for a Hilton hotel. Especially after I stayed at Hilton Deansgate in Manchester or Doubletree by Hilton in Chester.  This is just a business hotel with a lot of people in the lobby just like a metro station.   The service at the reception was excellent. The breakfast was fine.  The paid WiFi is not good the room. I had connection only in the bathroom - excellent for work :),Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor visit,"Visited Hilton London Metropole, got given a room already occupied by someone else, poor décor, expensive (appreciate this was London but the service & quality did not nearly match the price, very average breakfast, gym very busy and very small.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
4573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,SHAME,"We've stayed here as a family for 2 nights last weekend.  When checking in, we've been asked for a 100 Pounds deposit for the Mini Bar without getting any receipt. When I complained, the lovely lady at the counter started to argue and scowl.  The room was poor and dated, there was no other housekeeping but making the bed, WI-FI was 15 Pounds a day, every morning we've been waiting to get to have breakfast about 1 hour.  Definitely no worth for the money spent. This hotel is a disgrace for the Hilton brand.",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
4574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4585-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Location is all, hotel not too bad.","Stayed here overnight for a meeting. Great location, hotel itself is not bad, fairly clean, everything works. Breakfast was good and varied. I was staying on the 17th floor in the tower block, great views even though it was a grey, dismal November day.  The meeting organisers were responsible for check in and check out so I didn't have to use main reception but there were some pretty awful queues at the main hotel reception.  The room itself was small but suited me fine. Fairly standard amenities. There was an odd beeping noise I could hear, it didn't keep me awake but for some it might be very distracting.  I am not sure I'd stay here if I was paying and £14.99 for 24h wifi is an absolute CON! Come on Hilton UK, get with the rest of the world and offer free wifi!",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tommosontour,"I have used this hotel on many occasions as it is centrally located in London, and a short walk from Paddington.  It is ideal for meetings as it has lots of space in the lounges and you don't need to book a meeting room.  Overall the public areas are good, the service is fine and as other reviewers have stated the bedrooms are a little tired, albeit it OK.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not for Business,"Wifi did not work for duration of 3 day stay. Desk advised it was a bit unpredictable when there was high usage! It's about to be 2015, get Wifi sorted. Have stayed in budget hotels with much more success. Tried to order room service without a menu in the room. They tried to vaguely describe what type of food they had available. Had to cut the long conversation short and order a club sandwich as I expected they could make one of these. And to top it all off housekeeping repeated knocking on my door 2.5 hours before checkout. Don't stay if you want to sleep in!!",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location but crowded and average atmosphere.,"I stayed in the family suite which has room for 4 adults on a trip to London this Summer. The hotel is MASSIVE and this suite is in the newer part of the hotel which is much more clean. The only good thing about this hotel is the location though, which is ideal for tourists, you've got the tube station just a few minutes away, Tesco, M&S and the busy Edgware Road. Marble Arch and Oxford Street are a ten minute walk. The downside is that you don't feel like you're in London or Hilton, it feels more like the Middle East. It's jam-packed with Middle Eastern toursists and hotel is too overcrowded. The service is quite average, don't expect much.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Typical busy Urban Hotel,"Spent 3 nights last week there. Room was pretty basic and slightly worn. As to be expected in large urban hotels (e/g. NYC). Good location to Paddington Stn (train from Heathrow arrives there and you can walk to the hotel). Concierge...forget it. Overall, if I went back, I'd probably choose a hotel closer to the action, but this isn't totally out of the way...",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4590-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Central Location in London,"I recently stayed in this hotel on business. It is located on the busy Edgware road which is very close to Marble Arch/Park Lane, you can walk it which I did. From Paddington this hotel is ideally located as you can walk it within 10 minutes or take the Bakerloo southern route to the Edgware Road tube station which is only one stop away. It takes approximately 5 mins on a good day. The hotel lobby is very welcoming with a chocolate cafe, and two bar areas one specialising in whiskey. Check in was easy and efficient. The staff were really friendly which is not always found in London hotels. They basically could not do enough for me. I was very impressed. As for the room it was a standard but roomy with the usual amenities and plenty of towels. The room was very clean; the bed was…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location,nice stay,average room","We visited this hotel for my husbands birthday, the overall hotel was nice but the room was pretty average. We stayed in a standard room so didn't expect the ""best"" but considering it was a hilton hotel, and we have stayed in hilton hotels before I expected the fixtures and fittings to be abit more up to date. Our toilet flush was broken and didn't work properly and fixtures abit dated, but apart from that the bed was very comfortable and we had a nice stay! The hotel is very close to Edgware station so convenient for travelling around london! ",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best part location,"Well after stay in the Hilton over the passed few years, this one was a disaster ! The room 417, no view, the noise from the vent where the air con is and heating kept us away, only slept 2 hrs! The wind was howling through the window at 6 this morning. The breakfast on both mornings were cold in which by the second occasion I had to complain as I couldn't eat cold egg, bacon, beans, tomatoes!!! My daughters first room had a view of a brick wall, which at first the receptionist wouldn't change due to being fully booked! But when asked if she could upgrade; guess what ""yes they had a room""!! We then asked to speak to someone else and was given a standard room with a view as they did have availability!! Very worried as in going back to this hotel in January! ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs a refurb......,"As seems to be the norm gift any Hotel, the main reception area is very presentable and gives off good first impressions. It's immediately apparent this is a big hotel.  I got checked in and went up to my room on the 14th floor. On leaving the lift, it's quite clear this part of the hotel is very dated. I entered my room, which had, as promised a king sized bed. However, the room was generally tired and dated.  The room would have offered a spectacular view, had the window not been completely covered in a layer of condensation. On attempting to open the windows, i was disappointed to find they were locked!  Wifi was ridiculously expensive, probably the worst I've seen in a long time. The connection was also very poor at times.  The bathroom - this was probably the worst part.…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Stayed here for a 2-night weekend. Hotel was clean, smart and comfortable and staff very polite and helpful. Good location, very close to tube station, but also within easy walking distance to Oxford Street.  Would stay here again.  Only slight criticism was lack of biscuits in the room and only enough teabags and milk for one cup of tea!",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
4584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4595-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No problems,"just completed stay at the Metropole and was somewhat concerned by some of the reviews here. However need not have worried. Superb check in, no queues and very efficient and friendly receptionist. Had good room in the Tower, no issues with size or cleaning. Breakfast was fine, no queues plenty of efficient staff to organise everything. Yes the public areas can be busy but it is a large convention hotel no real problem and nothing I experienced would stop me staying again. The staff I interacted with were some of the hotels best assets.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel - terrible service,"Starting off with the positives, stayed here a few times and the rooms are lovely. However the reception in a my experiences is awful. I am a Hilton Honors gold member. They have a dedicated queue with a single person serving it. This in fact makes it slower than the normal queue. I may be unlucky that this has happened on my last 2 visits - but speaking to others in the queue it is normal. Checking out was as bad, 15 minutes to do something which I would have loved to do ""express"" but was never offered the option. There were more staff watching on the concierge, that the reception. The 2nd occasion I managed to express checkout but needed to phone up to chase for the bill.  The hotel really doesn't show any value to frequent visitors, in fact the get worse treatment than the…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business Trip to London,"This was a fairly short notice business trip to London and I needed a location close to Marble Arch and Victory Services Club.  Also, I was going to spend a day in Southampton, so I wanted to be reasonably close to Paddington Railway Station.  I arrived from US on the early morning flight and was at the hotel at 8 am.  I had not warned the hotel of my early arrival, but there was a room available and I was told it was an upgrade from my original booking (it was not...).  The room was adequate but unfortunately it reeked of urine!  Needless to say, I didn't unpack but went back to the Lobby to inform them of the issue.  I wish I knew the young man's name (he was from Spain) and he was as helpful as could possibly be.  It took a while, but he found me a great room and I was more…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Good Value for Money,"I stayed in this hotel as my company were exhibiting at a conference, being held there. First impressions are good, with the rreception and bar areas being well kept and comfortable. The receptiona and bar staff are excellent, polite and helpful. The choice and quality of breakfast was very good. My room was an OK size, clean and comfortable. The bathroom was very poor, it was small and rather tatty and needed a complete re-fit. This is not what you would expect from a hotel charging nearly £200 per night. The thing that I still find incredible about Hilton, is that they are one of the only hotels that still charge for WiFi in rooms, which for what they charge is bording on disgusting.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A good place to stay - some pointers,"Plenty of mixed reviews on this hotel - I can appreciate why some reviews are not so positive. Noting both the positive and negative, I went ahead with the bookings for a 3 nights stay during a recent business trip.   Smooth and quick checkin - it helps to be an hhonors member and avoid the long queue. No issues with using wifi access with multiple devices - it's all free if you are a diamond member. Free access to executive lounge with free breakfast, drinks and snacks in the lounge.   Some guests had issues with the dated rooms - well you can choose to stay in the new refurbished wing. If you are a diamond member - a room upgrade could be made available if available.  To sum up - a comfortable hotel to stay; in a location with easy access to the tubes and easy access to nearby…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4600-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"London is lovely, and the Hilton Metropole is well situated with only 15 minutes by tube to inner city and shopping. Hilton Metropole offers your for sure a pleasant stay in good quality rooms and with a variety to chose from for breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Quality Hilton Conveniently Located,"Stayed in a Superior King Room for one night. Hotel is large with 1000+ rooms spread over Towers, East and West Wings. My room was in the West Wing on the 12th floor which had been recently refurbished. Check in very prompt despite lots of people arriving at the same time. Room 1285 very spacious and well equipped with large comfortable bed. Room very clean and quiet, couldn't hear any noise from other rooms or outside. Bar downstairs was very pleasant and seemed reasonable in terms of prices compared to other London hotels. Didn't have an opportunity to have breakfast as I checked out out early for a meeting.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice modern and excellent location,"One of the best hotels to stay in London. I staid there with my wife for a short shopping break, and we loved it. Being Hilton honors and making a booking online it gives you free internet, which it was also quite fast, perfect for uploading quickly my pictures and videos of my vacation. The weather was not the best but the services offered in the hotel were excellent to make you forget the weather. Nice modern restaurants, nice bars and an excellent chocolate outlet made the lobby smell chocolate.  The staff at the reception deserve 5 stars, the staff at the breakfast also deserve 5 stars.  the bus no 98  takes you to the center of Oxford circus and back so no worries about climbing stairs in busy rail stations.   I will certainly come back",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
4592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not soooo bad,"I stayed here on Tuesday 18 November. I had booked via last minute.com and just selected a top secret hotel near the meeting venue. When I found out the hotel and read the reviews before I was horrified. BUT guess what, it's not that bad!!  There were no queues at check in. There were enough staff on hand. The lifts worked. The bar had a great buzz and atmosphere.  The room was laid out just like a Hilton, so no shocks.  It was clean, had enough towels and toiletries and so on.  The only points on which I would agree with some of the previous reviewers was the room was a bit tired and does need refreshing, particularly the bed which was large but flimsy and old.  Was expecting the worst but really is not that bad at all. ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staying in Touch,"Had a great stay here and could not fault the breakfast.  However my main complaint which I have said many times before why should you have to pay for Wi-fi when spending a lot of money to stay the night. Yet Costa Coffee, Selfridges, M&S and many others give you it Free.  Come on Hilton give All guests free Wi-fi please.  My other gripe there was no shower caps but that's a minor point.  Other than above comfortable room and all you would expect from city centre hotel",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4605-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fools Gold!,"The hotel has a suitably grand façade and lobby; modern, light, airy and efficient. This feeling stretches to the main bar area just off the lobby, which has a real metropolitan look. But from here in things unravel. I ate at the main restaurant- the top floor fusion restaurant was closed; I was too exhausted to head out and my corporate rate didn't stretch to the extortionate room service prices. I must say the restaurant staff were fantastic, really attentive and friendly. But the decor was tired with many of the linings of the chairs hanging down. I ordered a burger as most of the food was basic pasta or pizza fare, and found the food mediocre- the dips particularly looked as if they'd been sat around all day, and my burger had a piece of very hard bone or gristle in it which…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hilon - Edgeware road, London","failed to keep my room, even though it was secured by credit card and reservations were advised I woud be arriving late. Recption staff very unhelpfull. Rooms very very small, havrdly any room to squeze past the bed to get to the toilet. Thin walls - got woken up by people moving around at 05:20",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A typical Hilton in a great location,Large busy hotel in a very convenient location. More for business than pleasure. Wasn't luxurious but room was comfortable and had all required amenities. Would stay again if they have an offer going on.,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I hated it!,"The only reason I stayed here was because Globus Escorted motorcoach tours picked this hotel. The location was 1 block from  Edgware tube station was not near the tourist areas. We were here before the tour started and 1 night after the tour of Britain ended.  We had 2 different rooms and both were very small. This hotel needs a major updating. Its big and impersonal.  The free wifi only worked in a small area of the lobby.  No wifi in the rooms.  Both rooms lacked adequate  electrical outlets.   We used an Oyster card for 2 days to get around on the underground which was connected to the Circle, Jubilee,District and Bakerloo line.  The area was middle eastern and at night I felt uncomfortable walking around the area. We had to really search for restaurants.  I would never stay…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not matching what I expected!,"We just did spend a weekend in London together with my wife. Despite the fact that this Hilton is at a walking distance from Paddigton station and close to a metro station, making it easy to commute to any place in London, it's a clear no-go! The room we got was not, by far, reaching my expectations.  The lobby is nice, staff is helpful but the room was small, the bathroom was very small, the carpet dirty, the paint at window was cracked. We also had a door connecting the next room and basically we could hear almost everything. Thank God our neighbours both nights were not too noisy... The ""fun"" part is that we took an upgrade. I just wonder what the normal room would be!!!  If you are someone traveling a bit and have been to other Hilton hotels  then set your expectations low.…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4610-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Below average Hilton property,"Situated in a not so nice area, this hotel is bleak and tired and ready for retirement.  The first thing that hits you when entering into this massive (not a positive thing) hotel is the enormous waiting line for check-in. It is extremely slow. This is not a suitable hotel for the leisure traveler, or anyone for that matter. Probably adequate for conferences etc. but has very little to offer anyone on the lookout for a positive/romantic/memorable hotel experience. Service is slow and it took an eternity for the barman, waiters to acknowledge the fact that you were waiting to be served. Wi-fi reception is poor throughout the hotel.  The rooms are dark and in need of an update. Water pressure in the shower is poor and only large towels were available.    Pre check-out (night…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No no no no no no,The rooms are tiny and are in dire need of a refurb. I really can't comprehend why anyone would want to spend their own money staying here.   All the extras are a complete rip-off. Charging five pounds 'tray charge' just for bringing room service is profiteering at its worst and is surely massively counter-productive for a hotel with scores of eating establishments within an extremely short walk. As a matter of principal I went out for dinner every night when usually if i am working i would have room service at least once.   The only saving grace (and the reason it dodges a terrible rating) is the polite and courteous staff.   If your work is paying and you have no choice but to stay here then there is nothing much you can do (which was why I stayed). But to anyone else I will…,Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A large and conveniently located hotel,"This is a very large hotel set next to Edgware road which is a major traffic artery within London and also close to the subway (tube), buses and plenty of taxis.  If in London make an effort to get familiar with public transportation whenever possible otherwise the taxis get very expensive very quickly and the exchange rate from USD to pounds/sterling is almost always bad.  I was here on business for a few weeks so I had the opportunity to stay in three different rooms within the hotel.  Given its size and the number of guests it receives, the hotel struggles to keep up at reception (check-in/check-out), housekeeping, bellman service/luggage carts and the general bar area at the entrance of the hotel so set your expectations accordingly and be patient.  Generally the hotel staff…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Abusive charges,"No problem about de hotel itself, but I promised to myself not to use any Hilton anymore since I left de place with the butter sensation of been robed: for 1 (one) local phone call I was charged 15 pounds. The person in charge of the checkout desk called his boss with no results: that are de Hilton rules. One phone call, 15 pounds! No questions, no complains.  Another miser hotel attitude was to charge for 15 pounds a day for the use of wi fi in the rooms.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well below average Hilton experience,"My ""average"" is over hundreds of stays across all their brands (less Waldorf), and that average is good enough to stay mostly with them. Unfortunately, this Hilton was in the right spot (nearest Marylebone AND Paddington), and a lot ""cheaper"" (still almost $300/night) than the far better Hilton Paddington. The room I got was quite awful, but the hotel gets a couple of stars for the other factors: - Check-in/front desk. Friendly, but consistently long waits. No recognition whatsoever of gold on checkin. - Common spaces. OK - Gym. Small for such a large hotel; equipment/setup is OK - Breakfast. OK - Room. Massive fail. Twin room in the tower was extremely small and very tired: worn carpet, worn-out mattresses (frames looked nailed together with boards). Old smoke smell masked with…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4615-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really great hotel,"After reading some reviews was quite worried, but it was great, checked in and out no que breakfast well worth it staff friendly, m&s opposite and 2 tube stations minutes walk away, loved it, would go back without hesitation.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
4605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible Service!! Hilton Metropole London,"Requested early check in. Got there about 4 hours after normal check in time and room was NOT ready. After waiting for 20 mins in the check in line and finally checking in, the man serving me goes behind the check in desk without saying why for approx 7 minutes. Comes back to say that room is not ready and we can have one free drink each at the bar. We do not drink. Asked for something else. Dissapears for another 5-7 minutes. Comes back offering dinner.  I had booked a booth in edge bar for a meeting. I was told that they have semi private booths. Booking was made over the phone. They asked me is it for lunch, drinks or just a meeting. I said just a meeting. They said fine and made the booking. When I went the next day to edge bar, they tell me they do not have any private…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful! Very poor customer service regarding complaints. 3 weeks later still waiting a reply.,"We have stayed here as a family for 4 nights recently. We complained about many aspects of our stay when we were at the hotel. We were advised to put in an email, we have on several occasions and have had no reply. I rang the hotel and was assured my complaint would be dealt with promptly - still waiting days later.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
4607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Strictly Average....with poor check in service..,"Recently stayed two nights at this hotel.  The hotel has a good location and is close to Edgware Road underground station which is handy for getting round London.  It isn't far from Paddington either which is useful if you arrive into Heatherow.  The pubic areas such as the foyer, restaurant, bar, etc are really nice and they look like they have been well maintained and updraged / renewed on a regular basis.  The same cannot be said for the rooms.  The room I had was a twin room which was smallish and generally looked pretty tired.  Could do with being refreshed.  It was clean and house keeping visited daily to maintain the room.  We were missing a shower curtain which was replaced a few hours after we requested one.  What really lets this hotel down is the level of service. …",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Doesn't deserve to be called a Hilton ,"This hotell located by Paddington station really doesn't deserve to be called a Hilton. Having stayed with several other Hilton properties around the world, I can safely say that this one was the worst.   Upon checking in at around 7 PM, there was a huge line to the reception and only one person working. It ended up taking us over an hour to get checked in.   The lobby area is quite alright, but don't be fooled by the ""whisky bar"". It's really just a little room on the side of the lobby with the same menu and service as the rest of the lobby bar. They've basically just decorated the room with a few whisky bottles.  The room was very small, but that's normal by NYC and London standards. However, paint was chipping off all the walls and the overall standard was really low. The AC…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4620-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Faded glory,"I stayed four nights in early November, the third time I have stayed at this hotel.   The common areas (lobby, bar, restaurants) are relatively nice and fresh, but the rooms are tired and beat up.   Dirty carpet, peeling paint, leaky shower, broken power outlets and the most irregular internet service I have ever come across. Happens every year, no matter what room I get.   This hotel reeks of deferred maintenance. ""Save the money and let the guests suffer in rooms which badly need some TLC"" seems to be the unspoken management strategy.   Too bad.   I would never stay here again if I had a choice. ",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excelent,I still can not understand people who rates this hotel with 2 or 3 stars as every time I go there everything works out really nice .I would say that along with hilton park lane both are the best corporate hotels in London but this one has very well trained staff. Special attention to the lady who check me in she was from Poland and the lady who took payment at check out from Italy. Also I would like to mention that every time I weight myself in the swimming pool it shows me less weight than I'm so I always go home extremely happy.see you next Sunday metropole and thankyou,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
4611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cheap bed and mattress,"Bed is squeaky and mattress is cheap. The 11th floor lobby looked like a motel and could not justify paying the Hilton price for that kind of out dated look. I personally would not stay at this hotel if on a holiday, it unfortunate that its the closest one and as i travel from work, I had to chose it for sake of convinience",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel for conference purposes,"We had the opportunity to stay in this hotel for one week with my wife. We were attending a big conference, and I must say that the hotel is really good for that. Don't book for holidays or Touristic purposes. It's too far from everything, and walking around in the close district is a waste of time. The room was ok, but the view from the windows was everyday definitely sad :-( - Ok , we were there in January! I strongly recommend to pay for the VIP lounge optional service, which allowed us to be in a more comfy area for resting, far from the noises of the main lobby ( although it is nicely newly designed).",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Globus bus tour,"Stayed the night at the hilton london very nice. The room was on the 19 floor in the tower. It had a king size bed and very clean and spotless. Edward at reception on our check in was very friendly and helpfull. Our day started out with a full English breakup to start the day everything you  want to eat. Over all the hotel is well situated to a lot of shops and pubs and is very big and clean. You can get free internet in couple of spots in the hotel if you have to pay it is very expensive. Our experience here was very enjoyable,",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4625-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Faded class and standard,"Well, there are not many options where you can organize a top international conference (3000 participants plus) ""in-house"", not even in London. And being booked at the conference venue has certain advantages. The Hilton Metropole is not the most charming among other Hiltons but seems to be the biggest one. Rooms and service are modest for this category. Try to get a room in the upper floors where you may have a magnificent view on the city at least.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"Horrid room, poor service, didn't even get to have breakfast as the que was at least 200 deep.  Dated rooms, what a rip off. Definitely would not recommend here.  Was told our room wasn't available instead offered a smoking room, what hotel has a smoking room these days??",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
4616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful,"I'm a Hilton HHonors member and tend to use Hiltons as a rule whenever I'm doing 1 / 2 night city stays.  Usually we stay in the Hilton Trafalgar Square or the Park Lane in London but as we had an early train from Paddington to catch, we went for the Metropole.  Never again.  Spent 25 minutes queuing to check in.  The HHonors dedicated check-in desk was unmanned.  I mean seriously, what's the point of even having one??  There were about 15 check-in desks, about 40 people queuing and only 3 of the 15 desks were manned.  Once I had finally checked in, I asked to speak to manager to complain about the HHonors desk being unmanned.  The girl I'd been dealing with wandered off into a back office and never returned.  We waited 10 minutes and gave up.  I'd booked a ""King Hilton…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
4617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very disappointed, expected more for the price.","Overall very disappointed with our stay. The room was nice and clean and the fittings and fixtures are obviously a fairly high standard but we have stayed in much (much) cheaper hotels that are just as nice. Food was ok but a little overpriced, service slow and got our order wrong. Had to ask for the bill 3 times. They added a £30 service charge on to the bill which we declined to pay.    Only stayed one night and had a shower the next morning but the water was cold despite turning the heat up to max. Breakfast was ok until I found hair and 3 dead flies in the big pot of yoghurt and had to point this out to staff. Would not stay there again as for the price I would have expected much more even if we hadn't had an issue with the shower and food standards.  ",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel and service,"This is a nice hilton with excellent service.  During my last stay, I had to deal with reception, concierge, room service, room repair, in room dining.  Every time I had excellent service, people were smiling, wishing me a nice stay, I always felt like their favorite guest.  The hotel is nicely located, the subway station just across the road, and the Heathrow Express train that goes from Heathrow to London Paddington in 15 minutes is just about 8 minutes walk away from the hotel - very convenient.  There are also several groceries, including Waitrose, several Tesco local and Sainsbury's local, and a Mark's and Spencer's just across the road.    The room comes equiped with a safe, that was large enough for my large laptop.  Windows are surprisingly large.  One of the plumbing…",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
4619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4630-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,DO NOT COME HERE,"So many reasons why I would never recommend this hotel to anyone...  My flight arrived at 6.30am and I know that the check in time is 3:00pm.... We arrived to the hotel at 9am, we checked in (without receiving keys) and the lovely lady at the counter told us that our room will be ready before 3pm and o come back at around 11:00am...  We went and had breakfast at a near by cafe and came back at 11:15... the same lovely lady told us that the room was being cleaned and that we will be able to check in at 12pm  We came back at 12pm and the rooms were still not ready... after trying to explain to the reception that we have had a long flight.. he told us that room 974 was ready.. but room 817 wasn't... upon check in we were told that our room numbers will be 974 and 975... so I asked…",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
4620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very small rooms and bad experience,"We stayed on 2nd Floor in East wing for 7 days at a very high price. The rooms were extremely small and very slow room service. We asked for a change of room but the other rooms shown to us were equally bad. The room had been recently refurbished but still had many problems like sudden light out for about half an hour, toilet water spraying out (no problem detected by the plumber), electrical plug points were not working. The worst thing is that my stuff was missing when I cam back home and checked which is truly unacceptable and surprising. My colleague had strictly instructed for a veggie salad while dining at the restaurant as she is a strict vegetarian and found fish in her salad while eating. Though the manager was polite in accepting the mistake and took this out while…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
4621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Give it a swerve,"The hotel assured us that there was sufficient parking at the hotel which was the main reason we chose this hotel. There was no way at all we could get parked, the car park held about 60 cars and there were over 1,000 rooms in the hotel so it was fairly obvious when we got there that parking was not going to happen. I had to park the car quarter a mile away in a really dodgy looking car park which I was totally not happy about. Breakfast was included but when we went for breakfast the queue for breakfast was down the corridor and up two flights of stairs! Shambolic!!!! We ate breakfast at a cafe across the road!! Quite simply would not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great concierge service,"The room was clean, but quite small. However, the concierge service was very helpful and accommodating. Great location, only a few hundred metres to the train station. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Metropole Hotel,Good hotel very centrally located opposite Edgeware Rd tube station.  Very close to halal restaurant options. Walking distance from Oxford street and Marble Arch. Slightly expensive among other hotel options nearby. Shopping areas all around this hotel. Massive hotel has a new wing and an old wing.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4635-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Helpful staff,"We stayed for two nights at the end of October.  We were disappointed with our room and asked if we could move.  Eyal was on reception and with charm and efficiency we were taken to a different, spacious room with a view.  We were delighted and very glad that the response was so positive.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel..,"Came here with a group in September 2013.. We had a 12-day trip planned; our first and last 2 nights of the trip was here. Since we were traveling around the country and coming back the last few days, we wanted to leave some of our bags in the hotel. We were horrified to learn that we had to pay a daily fee to leave the bags in the hotel!   Besides that, as the other traveller mentioned, breakfast was always full and there seems to be queue. So, make sure that you come early to avoid the long queues.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole service level,At arrival I did not get the room which I had booked which was confirmed and pre paid. I was downgraded to a smaller room. Price still the same. Strange behaviour from personnel at reception with no attempts to solve the situation. I was offered a direct contact with reception personnel which I could use (unclear for what purpose) when I make my next reservation at this hotel. I already know that I will never stay at this hotel again.,Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok Stay Would Choose A Doubletree In Future,"Being a Hilton Honours member you do move around different Hilton Hotels to get a feel of service and the location can be key to an event you are attending.  This hotel is massive, probably too big for a customer to feel like they are special when it comes to service.  The hotel was clean, room's clean however breakfast is a nightmare where you get relocated to a different restaurant due to being too small and the personal touch at reception is a little lacking compared to DoubleTree hotels I have been to previously.  I wouldnt visit this hotel again as it just seemed to lack the spark that other Hilton's I have visited provided.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best hotel in london,This hotel is the best around london  The rooms where spacious and clean and of high standards plenty of tea and coffee  The food is excellent and of high standards  The pool where excellent and kept clean  The staff where helpful and polite,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
4629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4640-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The Hilton Efficiency,"We stayed at the Hilton Metropole for 2+1 days. When we checked in on 22nd October, the lady at the reception, seeing we were three of us (my wife & daughter) immediately upgraded our room to a larger on - for a small fee. The room was really large by London standards - almost 50 ft long with 2 TVs. As well done up as any top 5* hotel. Free wifi and a good spread at the complimentary breakfast were added attractions. The location was excellent. A 15-20 mins walk to Oxford street, the main shopping area in London or to Marble Arch, from where you can take the Hop-on-Hop-off busses. Two Indian restaurants on the road below along with Tesco, souvenir shops etc close by. In case you want to go to Scotland(which we did) the Kings Cross station, for Britrail, is not too far.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
4630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"A quality, comfortable hotel, with excellent staff.",We stayed here on a family weekend break to London. It was a very clean hotel with attentive staff. The room and public areas were comfortable and relaxing. The breakfast was beautifully cooked with a great variety of hot and cold food. I would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Feel at home away from home,The minute you walk in you know you know your selection was right. There are people waiting to help you and guide you. The location of the hotel is near to an underground station which is the best to move around London. There are also number of buses near the hotel that can take you to various locations in London. The rooms are very comfortable and are very clean. The food in the dinning room is unbelievable and has a great choice.,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
4632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK Hotel,"Stayed 2 nights.  Room was adequate and bathroom OK.  Walk in shower with separate bath.  Lobby area is quite large with several bars.  Buffet Breakfast was very good and had no queing but we ate early as soon as it opened.  Included several styles of eggs as well as oatmeal, waffles, and many other choices...full English breakfasts.  Concierge was very helpful as well as staff for another person traveling with us who had a family emergency and had to leave early. Have to pay for Internet in room. This hotel is in the Middle eastern area with cafes serving Middle Eastern food.  There is a Marks and Spencer's next door and a grocery close by.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Queueing in a corridor for Breakfast,"If the queuing wasn't bad enough, no Bacon at breakfast is a fundamental error. Scrum in the food hall, dirty plates, tables thrown up in every corner !! Horrendous breakfast experience. Room adequate, not enough cups for 5 people, no biscuits. Don't ask for a safe deposit box if your checking out but leaving your luggage. Totally un accomodating.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4645-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok Stay,"I Stayed in this Hilton because I couldn't find accomodation in Paddington, The hotel is quite big ,but the room I had was tiny, to be honest it was the samllest room I ever had, for a Hilton this big, the rooms should be bigger and comfortable. The breakfast is the usual, noting extraordinary, the service wasn't very good either, I came across a person cleaning the room, she did not understand a word I was saying (I requested more toilet paper). The hotel looks like an airport, basic, nice and that's all, nothing to be impressed about, I can return here if the rates are cheap otherwise I prefer to be somewhere else, I know there are better places around London, this place is not cheap either.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London weekend with family,"Stayed at this hotel for 1 night. The hotel was very busy with a big wedding in progress (congratulations), though this did not disrupt our stay and there wasn't any external noise when we were in our room. The lobby is spacious and smells of chocolate, check in was busy with only 3 staff on, but simple and efficient. Our room was clean and comfortable for a family of 4. The only issue was a squeaky bed, which made a noise whenever either of you moved. We went for breakfast early so we had a full day in our capital city- easy to be seated with a vast array of delicious food to choose from. However, the queue when we left the dining room and indeed when we went out, was enormous with people having to wait at least 30 mins to be seated. Helpful staff who delivered extra tea and…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
4636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Very Usefully Location,"The Hilton Metropole is reputedly one of the largest hotels in Europe, certainly in London and although the recent upgrades to the lobby and some of the rooms make it feel a less impersonal space, one is always conscious that you are a very small cog in a very big 1960s-style hotel machine  The rooms vary from really very good through to awful (mine had mold in the grouting, stains on the carpet and a view of a concrete wall on this occasion). The staff do their best to help but language is a problem from time to time, and all of them appear under huge time pressure. The food varies between the three eating areas but my advice is to eat in the Sports Bar or head out to the Grand Union bar just round the corner (or indeed to the many excellent Middle Eastern restaurants on…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
4637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel + Location,"Stayed here for 3 nights this week, we booked via booking.com. We found check in staff, bar staff and the 2 chaps who worked in the restaurant and bar 23 floors high all very friendly. We didn't eat here so can't comment on the food. Hotel was spotless, people where cleaning around all the time. Check in and out was very quick, so no problems their. Only gripe (it may put some people off) we where on the 23 floor and you can smell old smoke! R room had great views very clean but when you first walk in you can smell stale smoke, because we were high up we left the window open all the time, which helped a lot. The lady at the reception did say it was a smoking room, but it depends on how much the previous people smoked and if it was any problem come back down to the desk and they…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,hilton metropole edgware road,booked a triple room. really disappointed with the room on the ninth floor. Space around the beds is tight. There was a distinctive smoky smell in the room and the cold water tap run hot water. We asked to be moved and went up to the thirteen floor. The tap problem was an issue here as well and the hotel engineer could only resolve this  by running the bath tap!! Breakfast is a nightmare as you need to queue for at least 20 mins to be seated and the the overall experience in the dinning room is not relaxed as you are waiting on the food being brought out at the self service area. On the positive side the staff are friendly and helpful,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4650-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and comfortable,"Good for business travellers as it has comfortable rooms with the necessary amenities - meeting rooms, lounge area and fitness centre. Convenient with a Marks & Spencer's and Edgware station opposite the hotel. Good weather permitting, you can jog to Hyde Park or Regent Park as well as walk to Oxford Street.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good enough hotel, but wi-fi needs some love","Hotel was fine, room was small but clean (20th floor facing west).  Executive lounge offered a decent breakfast and the staff I interacted with were especially pleasant & helpful.  For my travels the location was good - easy walk to Paddington station.  My only issue was the wi-fi - every time I turned my screen off (device remained fully powered) had to log back into the wi-fi. A 1st world problem to be sure, but a hassle I wouldn't expect from a Hilton in a major business center.  Take-away: if the location works for one's travels it worth considering",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A glorified Travelodge,"This hotel is massive.  It works on the pile it high philosophy, but doesn't sell it cheap though! We choose it based on having a family room- and the room itself was good. But the hotel (our stay was in half term admittedly) was just so busy- with a 20-30 minute queue to get breakfast, in what feels like a canteen is the main reason for the poor review. Also location not in the nicest bit of London either. Will try somewhere else next time. Not worth the cost.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location - so, so facilities","Average facilities, expensive wifi. Good central location, walking distance from Paddington station, and easy access to underground. Walking distance to alot of nearby attractions including Hyde Park, Oxford Street, Soho, Picadilly, etc.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OH DEAR!,We arrived at the hotel. We had specifically mentioned one of the double beds to be made into singles which we were told was fine. This was not possible. We had two double beds and a sofa bed. The room was large in the new part of the hotel. There was no noise from outside. The room was nicely decorated and the bathroom large. We used the pool facilities. Changing rooms small and showers were revolting! The best part were key and coin less lockers. The unfortunate part was I lost a diamond earring whilst being there and when contacted within the hour they  said they would check the changing rooms and pool. Pool would not be checked until the next morning. They said they checked the filters. They were unable to speak to laundry to check the towels. This caused me great upset as I…,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4655-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, fairly central.","I stayed here for 1 night with my Son (18 month old) at the end of September 2014.  I was given a very small room initially with the smallest spot for a cot (which hadn't yet been brought up).  When the concierge brought up the travel cot, it was tightly tucked under the window, because of lack of space I had to keep the pushchair in front of the door, I couldn't accept this so I we went down to reception and I requested to move rooms due to lack of space.  I don't mind a small room as long as it's accessible to move around but this was certainly wasn't.  I got moved to a larger (standard) size room which was suitable.    The hotel is located at the end of Edgeware Road and Edgeware tube station is located opposite the hotel., however it is only a straight 20 minute walk up…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay else where,"We arrived early (10am) and to our supprise could book straight into our room in the west wing, from that point onwards everything went down hill. The room was relatively clean and tidy although was a little tired. The bed squeeked, there was grouting missing from between the tiles in the bathroom and the TV had a mind of it's own.  The next morning we waited for the swimming pool to open at 8am, only to find the the water was cloudy. As we we're some of the first for the day it can only mean the pool is poorly maintained. The breakfast was a complete disaster, we cued initally for 20 minutes only to be told there is a second dinning room in a different part of the complex with a shorter waiting time. This was a complete lie, and instead joined an even longer cue into an…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disgusting...,"As a business traveller I have stayed in a lot of hotels, especially in London and I was quite looking forward to my stay at the Hilton Metropole, Edgware Road last week as Hilton is a quality brand...or so I thought.  Upon checking into room 622 after a long day of travelling and work, imagine my disappointment and quite frankly, disgust, to find the room had not been cleaned properly at all.  There was property left in cupboards and drawers (slippers, umbrella, toiletries, packaging etc) from a previous occupant of the room which immediately made me wonder how well this room had been cleaned overall.  The bathroom was disgusting...a dirty tap and sink area and shower head that was so dirty and caked in lime scale I wouldn't use it to shower my dog.  I called the 'magic' number…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
4647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great for London,"I was given a room on the west wing, far away from reception and the lounge area. The room was spacious and the bed very comfortable. Check in was fast and used express check out the next day so no queues.  I read some of the other comments on tripadvisor but the fact is that it is a big hotel, catering for a lot of different people at the same time. But in the end of the day offers a good clean bedroom and a carpark 10 minutes walk from Oxford Street. That's good enough for me! The surrounding area is not amazing but again walk down the road and you're in Marble Arch, 10 minutes away from all London attractions.  Will definitely book again!",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
4648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too much too little,"Be prepare to Cue 30 minutes to have a table for breakfast. The fact they have 2 rooms for breakfast did not help very much. They can't cope with the number of guests that go for breakfast and they also seem short of staff.  The staff decided to use the radio and talk at 1:30 am outside our room and have a conversation with another person just in front of our room which was right in front of the staff lift and then. First thing in the morning, the clean ladies making lots of noise preparing the equipment they use for the room service.  ",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4660-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms and executive lounge a joke,"No internet, Exec lounge toilet unavailable and no children allowed after 5pm. One lie after another to justify everything. I'm a diamond member, have been for a few years, travel globally and always stay in Hiltons. This is my first and last stay here as it's the worst Hilton I have ever stayed at.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
4650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Extremely unhappy customer,"I took my family to London to celebrate my mothers birthday this weekend. We chose the Hilton as it was central, had parking and looked very nice in the pictures - the booking website said it was a 4 star hotel.  I want to warn others that this is not a 4 star hotel at all.   Our room was very average and smelt of smoke. Obstructed views, a TV which didn't work and worn out decorations made it feel more like a low 3 star place.  The biggest let down was the breakfast, however. The queue was so long, expected waiting time of about 40mins! How can a hotel not have an adequate breakfast restaurant? We raised this at reception and the offered a take away breakfast bag, however turned out that they were so busy they couldn't even cater for this.   When we asked if we could be…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,disapponting family visit,"We spent a long time choosing a london hotel suitable for our family trip with our 2 young sons. We booked and paid in full months in advance for a superior family room. When we arrived we were offered 2 interconnecting rooms in the tower block as there were no family rooms ready. When we went to these rooms they were small, tatty and nowhere near our expectations. We returned to reception immediately to say we would rather wait for our family room and were told they had given it away in the meantime. After an hour the duty manager assigned us 2 neighbouring, but not interconnecting rooms in the east wing which were of a much better quality and more spacious. We were offered a complimentary 2 course dinner to compensate and even this we had to chase as vouchers not delivered as…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great 5 nt stay in London,We enjoyed this hotel. Our room was clean comfortable & quiet. Nice size too. The breakfast buffet was great!!!! So many hot and cold selections. It came with the price we paid. Good easy location to get where you wanted to go to. There was a pub to the right that was very close can't recall the name but great for fish n chips! We would book here again and can't wait to go back to London a fun and beautiful city!,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Anniversary weekend away,"We stayed here for 2 nights 18th- 20th Oct. We had a great stay, very comfortable room on the 17th floor. Fabulous views over London. It was in a good location for everything we wanted. Underground station less than 2 mins away, good bus links outside the hotel and Paddington 5mins away. Breakfast had a huge choice something for everyone, could do with being hotter. Good bars and amenities. The hotel was very busy whilst we were there and staff coped well. Check in took a very long time and considering how much we paid I feel wife should be free all over the hotel. Our room could of also done with a deep clean and makeover a little tired in places. Would recommend this hotel for its location but there are better hotels and cheaper around.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4665-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very crowded,"We choose this hotel because of its value for money and location. Once we arrived we have to queue in a long line to get a room key. The next morning we had the queue again to eat breakfast. However our room was very spacious and very clean. The concierge was always kind, greeted us at the door and got us a taxi whenever needed. ",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Business midweek stay Hilton Metropole,"I recently stayed at the Hilton Metropole for most of a week.  The hotel is a 5 minute walk from  to Paddington Station, which is a 15 minute express train from London Heathrow.  Note that there is another Hilton right inside Paddington station if you want to be right at the station.   The neighborhood did not appear to be the best.  There were not a lot of options for restaurants outside the hotel.  There were quite a few Arabic restaurants, but beyond that a Greek and an Indian nearby and a large pub down the block, plus a McDonalds and a Burger King.  There were a few various places for breakfast, especially if you walked down to Paddington Station.  Check-in was always quite busy, but seemed pretty efficient.  The people at the desk were pleasant.  The hotel was a bit drab…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice stay,"I very much enjoyed my stay at the Hilton London Metropole. The room was clean and comfortable, albeit small with a limited view. The location is a 15-20 minute walk from Marble Arch and Hyde Park and several Tube stations for easy access to much of London. It is also a 5-minute walk to London Paddington Station for regular and reliable service to Heathrow Airport. The staff were courteous and helpful. The hotel lobby and restaurants are far more modern following an extensive renovation. Highly recommended!",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and Hotel,"Firstly the location is great.  On Edgeware road with the Bakerloo and circle line across the road which can take you anywhere.  Check in was a breeze and we were given advice about the restaurant seats in their 23rd floor Asian fusion restaurant.  Entrance has a chocolate shop with samples every day.  You walked through here and the aroma was brill.  Visited a few times.  Also had a whisky shop with whisky from around the world.  I tried a ""flight"" with whisky from America, India and Japan.  Great stuff.  The Asian restaurant had ""to die for"" views across London.  A bit pricey but worth the treat.  We booked a suite which had 2 double beds, sofa bed, 2 TV's. The lighting was lovely and the room very quiet.  Bathroom lovely and big with loads of towels and soaps.  Breakfast was…",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
4658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very pleasant stay.,"I stayed here for 1 night on the 18th October. This is my 4th time at this hotel and although a busy and large hotel, customer service was very good. We were up-graded to the executive rooms and they were very nice. Cleanliness is still very good. The breakfast on Sunday morning was very good with a varied selection, although very busy and a slight wait is necessary for a table.  I will be returning.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4670-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Old, tired and dated","Reception area looks great when you walk in but this is just a façade for tired bedrooms desperately in need of refurbishment. Shower leaked, bed was uncomfortable, breakfast was average and lacked any personality. I would rather stay in a Premier Inn even though they are supposed to be budget hotels",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One of my regular London hotels,"I stay at this property several times a year and have always loved it. The location is very convenient to Paddington Station and there is a tube station right across the street from the hotel that can connect you to all of Central London. I always stay on the executive floor so have a good size room and access to the executive lounge which is one of the nicest lounges I have been in (and I travel a lot!). Lounge offers continental breakfast, afternoon tea, and evening cocktails and canapés. The staff in the EL is always wonderful. This is a massive hotel but quite elegant and I absolutely love it. Hilton Honours status is always recognized which is a nice touch. The only complaint about my last stay was that the lady in the reception checking me in had a bit of an attitude and…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
4661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Soul-less hotel,This was a soul-less experience - you don't expect great things in these types of places in London but I do not think the staff cared about the guests at all.   The room was quite adequate and it is quite nice to have a view across the city if you have a room on a high floor.   There are a lot of tour groups who come through here so I was personally pleased to get out.,Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
4662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location!,I can always count on Hilton.  No exception here!  Very good buffet breakfast was included in my plan.  I needed special assistance checking in.  The staff bent over backwards to help me go through the process and assisted me to my room in a wheelchair.  I felt very welcome.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We stayed here for 5 nights. The room was very nice & clean - which is a must for us when staying at a hotel. Furthermore it was very spacious, which was great when traveling two adults and one child. The room had two Queen beds, which was perfect for us. The hotel is placed very close to the underground & has easy access to busses etc.The service was god - the staff very friendly and helpfull. Breakfast was god, with a huge well equiped buffet. Will definitly stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4675-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another quality stay at the Hilton Metropole,"Stayed here 5 years ago and was in town for several days, so I decided to stay at the Hilton. The hotel is across the street from The Edgware Road tube station and only a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station. There is also a drug store and a Tesco store just down the street from the hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. I stayed in a room in the Tower. The room was clean and the average size for a London hotel. The furniture was a little dated though. The queen size bed was comfortable with lots of pillows. The room had the usual, TV, desk, coffee maker, hair dryer, iron and ironing board. And finally a hotel with large towels, not the usual regular size towel, but large and wide.  I ate dinner in the Sports Bar and had the chicken club sandwich. that thing was really huge…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,More like a conference centre than a hotel,"Travelled with a group and it took over half an hour to book in. My room stank of cigar smoke & the windows wouldn't open. I was only staying one night and following a tiring journey I couldn't be bothered to ask for a change of room. The staff were charming,friendly and well trained.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not as described,"I stayed here for two nights whilst in London on business. The room was dimly lit, no real natural light as another part of the hotel obscured that possibility. The room smelled of stale smoke, This included the bed linen and pillows. The 'king-sized bed' was, in fact, two single beds of slightly different heights pushed together. This made it impossible to sleep on more than one side at a time thus making their 'king-sized bed' redundant. I brought this to the attention of management but they did not contact me until after I had checked out and merely apologized for the fact. I would not recommend this hotel based on my experience and will choose another hotel next time I go to London.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Royal Parks Half Marathon Stay,"We chose this hotel as it was within walking distance of Hyde Park where the Royal Parks Half Marathon began and finished and I had an early start, we got a really good deal on a weekend stay in a double room, which included a buffet breakfast, there was lots of choice and helpful friendly staff, the hotel has a carpark which costs £35 for the weekend and the only downside was how huge the hotel was! It was very confusing where to check in initially and the atmosphere was more like an airport very chaotic and disorganised.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Handy and reliable,"This hotel is a good example of one that will give you both great transport links and easy access to the major attractions. It does however help if you're not not fussed about details. Situated a short walk from Paddington train station, this hotel is both very close to business hubs as well as Heathrow Airport (by means of the Heathrow Express train service). So whether you're in town for business or pleasure (as was the case for me), you won't find yourself stuck in rush hour traffic easily. While the service is good and especially the room service is clearly way above average, it is an older Hilton, so the room and overall décor may not be as up to date as one might expect. The upside of this is though, that this hotel still has two smoking room floors, so if you're so…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4680-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, central, within walking distance to shopping and sightseeing","We stayed at this hotel for two nights. The hotel is very busy but managed well and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  The food in the restaurant was delicious and the presentation was very professional. There is a Marks & Spencer across the road, and other shopping withing walking distance.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
4670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend trip,Visited over a long weekend. Had executive rooms with access to the executive lounge. The staff and service were excellent. Whilst the rooms are not the newest and could possibly do with redecorating they were clean and perfectly acceptable. We made full use of the  executive lounge. It's right by a tube station so access very easily. Good value if you get an advance purchase. ,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family Holiday,This hotel is one of few that has a room that caters for a family of five - this makes it good value for money for the London area. The hotel was clean and the room was quite spacious. Just be aware that the area it is in might not be what one would expect if you have never been to London before. The fact that is is very near Paddington Station is a big plus if you are coming in from Heathrow. I would stay there again,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Refurbish the rooms and employ more staff!,"This would have been the fourth time that I stayed at this hotel so I knew what to expect.  It's large and chaotic but normally they are organised enough to get it right! I normally stay at Hiltons in London and this was far from my favourite.  However, I knew that they had refurbished the hotel so I thought that I'd try it again as I knew that it needed updating. We couldn't check in early, which was fine, but had an extremely long wait at Reception.  They eventually opened more desks when I was at the front of the queue.  Too late though!  The queuing system was too complicated for some though as some guests thought there were three lines when I think there was supposed to be one!  They should make this clearer.  This could have been easily rectified.  We went back later on to…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Functional, but would expect more from a Hilton","Had an overnight stay on a Saturday night with the family. The price was right (£204) for 2 adults/2 children in a double Queen sized room including breakfast. Check in was easy, although it's a long walk to the desks if you park in their car park (felt like we were in a Vegas resort hotel!). We didn't check in until after 11pm and the guy on reception was friendly and chatty. The room was nice, quiet and spacious, the location is perfect for access London with Edgware Road underground just over the road so you can get straight on the Circle/District lines.  Now for the bad bits - I had better showers in the changing rooms at school. It's a very simple up and over shower with no power and tiny head.. I am a believer of 3 important things in a hotel.. the bed, the shower and…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4685-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good and reliable,"Its not easy getting everything right in a big hotel , but in the main at thi hotel they got it right , a very busy reception but it moved quickly , room clean and of the usual good Hilton standard , I had a food in the sports bar and I enjoyed the food and the staff were great , I know it can be hard to get everything right but it did the job , a per other reviews some of the staff did need to remember they were in the people industry , some of the staff need to up it a gear",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,large busy central hotel,"First impressions were of a modern  foyer and dining areas,however our room left a lot to be desired, small and superficially clean .I had doubts about whether the bathroom had been cleaned as the previous occupants left over toiletries were still there and the sink looked as if it could do with a clean.The amount of space to move between the bed and the fridge was very small This hotel feels like it is in perpetual motion,breakfast was chaotic it seemed like hundreds of people all trying to be served at the same time.There must be better than this in London for the amount of money they charge and I would not stay there again",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,Stopped at the Hilton for the weekend and lucky to receive an upgrade to the exec lounge.    Exec Lounge staff ever so friendly and helpful a credit to the Hotel.    The hotel has not long undergone a refurbish and it shows.  the entrance makes you feel special and the decor just fantastic.    Rooms clean and food at breakfast great BUT very busy.  it is a big hotel so lots of people.,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
4677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Choose for location only ,"The positives: The hotel is conveniently situated on Edgware Road, a short walk away from a variety of cafés/restaurants, 24hr convenience stores, pharmacies, laundrettes etc. Marks and Spencer is just across the road while Tescos and Waitrose are just a little further down the road. The reception staff and concierge are friendly and helpful. Onto the negatives (we got the Tower room by the way): The room is very old and dated, the bed and pillows are in need of replacement because it was not comfortable at all, lack of housekeeping standards (stained bedsheets, bath towels did not smell fresh), mini fridge was not working, redundant automatic snack/refreshment dispenser fridge still left in the room taking up space in an already-congested room. Hardly what you'd expect from the…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Central,"I stayed here with a group for one night which was comfortable, but the staff could improve their customer skills, and speed!   We had a meal and the service was so slow, we then went to the lounge for a drink my daughter went up to order the drinks and was told to sit down as they would come to the table.. We waited approx 15 mins and no one came so my daughter made a further attempt to place the order, she was told again to sit down, a wait of approx 5 mind before a waiter came to take the order.  We were unaware of the service charge and it was £3 service charge.  My husband went to order one pint of beer at the bar and the charge was 50p for the order.  To be honest the budget hotels are much better and have a more welcoming feeling and not geared up for the BIG spenders",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
4679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4690-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A nice surprise!,"I was a bit nervous about staying at this hotel after reading some of the reviews but I found them unfounded.  My experience was only positive - a great check-in experience by Daniel, a great room with a view of the London Eye, access to the Exec Lounge and free breakfast through my Hilton membership, and very easy access to the tube.  The gym was great (but get there when it opens), the staff very hospitable, and all in all an exceptional hotel where I will stay again.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
4680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average,"This is a 3rd time I'm staying at this hotel, but not because I like it so much, but because I have because of the conference. This part of London is called a small Lebanon. Last year they gave me a very tiny room with a very small and old shower room (no bathtub). Because I attended 2 conferences I stayed couple of days in one hotel at Westminster and then had to go to Hilton, but I've noticed that by accident I booked one night (last night at my 1st hotel and 1st night at Hilton) for the same date, so I decided to stay at my 1st hotel, but still go to check-in to Hilton, so they consider me as a No Show. Everything was fine, reception girl was great, new nice lobby, I got my key, went to check the room, which looked big and clean. After that I returned back to my Westminster…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tiny GYM.... /...need more attention ,"This is my second time,i arrived so early around 9:00 ,did not get early check in , put my luggage there till 15:00,when i was checked in to the room ,wasn't the category i booked for,called down to reception many time ...ignored me, i had to go down to replace the room successfully One time the clean lady forgot to put some of bathroom body wash gel , again called for that , not getting it until i called again after several hours. ...lack of attention. The gym so tiny .....disappointed...did not meet my expectations with such a huge hotel .....!!?? Beside all that .. i like being there ",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Well below any Hilton I know,The building is in a commercial but handy area for transport. The views are not nice: overlooking the A40 and Edgware Road with perpetual traffic. The checkin time took forever despite the staff was well aware of the need to have the rooms ready asap. Room was ok: bed confortable while the bathroom was small and in need of maintenance (missing soap ...). Very expensive for anything from the minibar to the bar (4 pounds for an espresso ?!?). Wouldn't recommend however in London the trend is the overcharge anyone.,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Only good for its location,"The best thing about this hotel is the location which is at Edgware Road where you can easily find food, 24hours convenience store, hospital, etc. The next best thing is the friendliness of their staff. They were quite helpful and very polite (Not including the housekeeping). Other than that, this hotel is not up to what we expect from a 'Hilton' standard. The parking is very expensive. The hotel itself is very old and not very well maintained. The room is quite small and stuffy. The facility in the room is terrible, you can find a medium size broken fridge in the room and a mini-fridge that doesn't function properly. The housekeeping didn't even do our room on our 2nd day there.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
4684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4695-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big waste of money,"Fat, bloody waste of money this hotel is. Over $300 a night for a room, but the room is all you get. WiFi? There is a charge. Television? There is a charge. Local phone call? There is a charge. You can get WiFi in one bloody spot in the lobby. And I mean one spot! You can't even relax on a chair and be on the internet, you have to stand. And the room seemed nice enough until you sat on the bed. So uncomfortable! I felt like I had sat on a wooden plank with a rug on it. To top it off, the neighborhood is not even great. The adjacent street is filled with sketchy shops and littered with people sleeping on the street. O will never return!!!",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
4685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Plenty of bang for your buck,"My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights, yes the hotel rooms are a little tired but not disgusting. The room size was certainly adequate, we were not disturbed by any noises as mentioned in other posts.  Good heating, fast lifts, quick and easy check in and out (although we arrived fairly early and noticed when we returned from a little venture around the lobby was extremely busy).  Fantastic location, great for tube rides, easy walk to Selfridges (much to my husbands disgust!), good pub across the road called the Grand Union.  Really nice touch that on return from an evening out there was a bottle of wine and a large bowl of fresh fruit compliments of the hotel as it was our anniversary.  We found the staff friendly and helpful and the chef was fantastic at catering for my…",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A disappointing Hilton experience,"Creaky uncomfortable beds, disinterested staff and an overall lacklustre experience. We were served Luke warm white wine in he restaurant and the wait staff were amazed when we wanted it chnged. Wifi was awful dropping out constantly. As Hilton Honours members we expected better service. Won't bother staying here again.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Fun Location, Tired Rooms, Miserable Wifi.","We've been enjoying London for many, many years and only discovered Paddington Basin and the two canals that come together there. What a delight!  It's a terrific neighborhood with a wonderful mix of new development and historic buildings, all leavened with the diverse canal boats. So,the fact that this hotel is a block away is the best thing about the Hilton London Metropole...the room we had was beat up, although supposedly there is a renovation underway. Certainly no sign of it where we were. Perhaps the most consistently annoying thing was the totally inadequate wifi connectivity. Although free, it dropped the connection every 10-15minutes max, required new log-in all the time, and didn't work at all in the lobby and ground floor bar.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lovely Swimming Warm Swimming Pool, Good Location.","Trying to find somewhere central for under £300.00 with a swimming pool on a Saturday night last minute is not easy.  Chose to opt out of having breakfast and just had a Costa instead which made it cheaper.  Last entrance to the swimming pool was at 9.30pm we turned up at 9.35pm and they still let us in.   Seemed helpful and there were no complaints really apart from the fact I had a (room service) pumpkin soup that was really salty, so much so I couldn't eat it which was a shame.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
4689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4700-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but no atmosphere and rooms are ok not great.","Great location. Staff are polite but not friendly a little robotic, hotel has no atmosphere it just feels too corporate and impersonal.  Rooms are clean but basic, as with most hotels in London not really great value. An ok hotel but not great ",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best if you don't care about sleep...,"This is huge hilton very very busy noisy and expensive. Rooms are very small and even with hilton gold status I could not access the executive lounge never had that happen at a hilton before. Bed so hard we could not sleep on it, front desk sounded like they had this complaint before because they said they would put a topper on. it ...what?  Cancelled the rest of our stay there and moved to a Marriott",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
4691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good and Bad Aspects,"I booked this in advance through the Hilton Public Sector offer, getting a King Double room for £135. Unfortunately when I arrived, this was a twin room in the part of the hotel that hasn't been refurbished yet. I complained, because I specifically booked the double, and they did move me to a much nicer room in the renovated part of the building. It was annoying as I don't think they should be selling reservations that they can't meet. In addition, the room was definitely passed its best: the paint was peeling from the ceiling in the bedroom. The new room was lovely, and I had no complaints about this.   I also was entitled to free wifi as I had booked through the website after a certain date, which wasn't noted on the booking, and they didn't give me the code at reception. When…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Getting better all the time,"I stayed here a few years ago and felt it was extremely average! On this occasion, I was pleasantly surprised by the friendly staff and the quality of the room. As for the hotels' location, it is very convenient for the centre of London, which can even be accessed on foot, for the more energetic of us. Would stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Everything ok apart from shower,I stayed one night with work for a conference which took place in the hotel  The room was clean and fresh. I was lucky to have a view of Wembley stadium which was good. The arch is lit up at night  The breakfast was nice with a great range of food  My only complaint was the shower. Despite my efforts I couldn't get the temperature above cold!    I was on the 12th floor of the tower building. The pressure was good. Just a shame the temperature wasnt  Great location from Edgware road,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
4694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4705-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Central location for sight-seeing,"There is nothing to wow you here but I found this hotel to be comfortable and quiet. We stayed here three nights and had a nice view of the city. The Tube was right across the street and so was a Marks and Spencers for a quick snacks. If you cross the street on the side street where the hotel unloads the buses, there is a pedestrian walk along the canal. If you follow the canal it takes you to Paddington station which is a great train and Tube stop.   We ate at the breakfast buffet which was adequate and about average, but crowded most days. We did not try the restaurant or bar at any other times.  Overall, I liked the location as I used the Tube for getting around. I found the hotel comfortable and the staff very nice. The wi-fi is 24 pounds PER DAY which is ridiculous,…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
4695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stinks,It literally stinks! As I have noticed other people have mentioned.  I have had the misfortune of being booked in on 3 occasions by work. I have had to put a special request in never to be booked here again.   The smell is rancid. Every room of mine and also my colleagues had a terrible rotten stench.   Room service is insanely expensive. Go out to a nice London restaurant and pay less.   It took 35 minutes and 2 members of staff to check in as the reception staff could not understand how to use simple hotel bill back instructions.   Ridiculous place that charged £11 for a standard and very average glass of sav blanc.  ,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,hilton metropole london,"great location. near by tube station busses / 10 minutes walk to marble arch/oxford street.  large and comfortable rooms (queen family) nice lobby . we had dinner at the hotel restaurant - the food was good tasty if making reservation in the hotel website check very good the rooms the name may be comfusing and changing room once you checked in the hotel , you end up paying much more ( unreasonable) great and helpfull staff. recommended",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
4697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,All good except for the breakfast,The neighborhood is a little suspect so just be prepared if you have not been there before.  The rooms are quite nice and the accommodations fine.  The front desk was very busy and I had to wait for some time to have a simple question answered.  The food was subpar and the breakfast area was quite messy. Skip the breakfast.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
4698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Girls Weekend and a Real Treat!,"Perfect location and the room was excellent! A triple with 2 queen beds, great bathroom and lots of space!  Cosmopolitans in the restaurant were fabulous and the food excellent. Again breakfast was super! Lots of variety. Will definitely be using the MET as my London choice hotel!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4710-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Here it is all about take the money and get them through,"For a Hilton hotel this is a poor one, but given it is London the  prices are very high. The check-in this week was ordinary at best, no chemistry from the reception team. The twin room on the 5th floor is very average at best... looks sad and tired, the TV did not work and after waiting 35 minutes for someone to arrive i fixed it myself.... wow, they gave me a bottle of water as a sorry.... !!!! Ate in the resturant (see seperate review, food is good service is poor). The bed is comfortable and the bath room adequate.... cannot get over how sad and tired it all looks.... if for a night or 2 at most and get a rock bottom price... else there are better around. WiFi was free afetr I asked for it and remined them I am a hilton card holder.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disaster ,"So I arrive at reasonable time out of 5 or so front desks 2 were manned. Being an HH member I go to the HH line. Mind you I have booked a Kings Deluxe room 3 weeks ago. I check in the room smells, bed is queen size, no drawers to put my stuff. I have never been to a Hilton hotel that doesn't have drawers or any hotel for that matter. So I highlight the smell asked to fumigate the room since windows are bolted and can't be opened without special wrench. I also requested to move out if the smell isn't fixed. Of course the smell remained windows opened which I couldn't close all night making room cold and noisy I am in London mind you.  Next day I go down around noon and now there are 2 at front desk. I wait when my turn came I had to explain the issue again even though it was in…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
4701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Romantic Break,"Nice hotel but a bit tired could do with freshening up rooms. We had a deluxe room which meant you was on the higher levels for a good view which was lovely. Great breakfast buffet spread but very hectic in the morning. We went and had our evening meal in the restaurant on the top floor and I couldn't recommend this enough its got to be one of the best meals I have had in a long time. The manager was lovely, very friendly, we had some cocktails before we had our meal which was great and looking out over London. It was a nice stay not far from tube stations so quite a good location. ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
4702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,must have a twin,"stayed last week two adults ,one child, everyone was fantastic, checked in , given upgrade, maybe due to being H honors member. we read some of the reviews, i think they must have stayed at a twin hote, as everything was 1st class, Our room was excellent, executive room, for honors diamond members, was great, The breakfast was really good, food and service first class, We believe a  new manageress, has started, if so, she has done a great job.if some of the complaints are to be believed.all in all  i thought it was a great hotel, and you are near lots of interested places to visit,thx saunders family.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
4703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed my stay there,"It's a 4 star hotel from my perspective. Located in the center of London in the West End section. Just a short walk from Regents park and Hyde-park. The rooms are small. but clean, and the staff is very friendly.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
4704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4715-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"""great expectations""","except the location, only for the neighborhood of Underground,  nothing amazing!... we spent 3 nights in London to celebrate our 12th celebration of our older boy. For a family with 2 children (8, 12) they pretend us  paying 2 double rooms, no discount for the sec0nd one. Even so, they can not provide slippers, bathrobes (the reason was: it's a big hotel and we don't have bathrobes for everyone!). No Wi-Fi internet!!?? at that price/room....? It looks that is the average quality in London. A couple of years ago, we had a similar bad experience at Waldorf Astoria; in other countries, Hilton means quality, nice people that are interested in tourist s return. The rooms were in west tour, very old furniture, no fresh air,bad smell,  no hot air conditioning, the sink was allways full…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
4705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,not use this hotel,"Worst Hilton room that I have stayed in my life,they had given the room in the old wing of the hotel.The rooms were small and dingy,the breakfast was terrible,the lighting in the bathrooms is very poor and so breakfast restaurant has soo much confusion that one can not imagine",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
4706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,City Break,"We stayed with our two boys here during a city break and chose it for its location beside the tube station but we were not disappointed.  The room was fine, clean and very quiet.  If I had one quibble it was that there was no free wifi in hotel room.  Only in lobby for an hour.  Wifi would have entertained the kids.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
4707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"“Nice hotel, Great Location”",This was my second stay with this property. As always the Hilton strives to provide a great place to sleep. But it is a very very busy place as this hotel have approx.-1200 rooms. Not for the relaxing solitude type get away. The hotel however is great in spite of the bustle. It is 3 blocks from Paddington station which is the direct train to Heathrow airport. The hotel is across the street from the Tube so it provides easy access to other locations in town. Breakfast is English and is good but it can get busy at peak times and a line forms for the buffet. Ask when you check in to find out the best times for breakfast.,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
4708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge Hilton with Huge Crowds,"This is a huge hotel with over 1000 rooms, there’s plenty of hustle by conference & group visitors in the common areas of the hotel. The room itself is quite all right, though. Would give it 3.5 stars here if possible. Review based on a one night stay in September (background of spending 80+ nights per year in different hotels around the globe).   Location: Located maybe 5min walk to Paddington station, next to Edgware Road tube so the public transportation connections are extremely good. Also the “Boris Bike” i.e. shared bicycle docking station is near.    Immediate neighborhood has a lot of small Middle Eastern shops, restaurants & kiosks. Plenty of other restaurants and pubs also near. For supermarket needs there’s M&S just across the street, also Sainsbury is close by.   …",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4720-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I expect more from Hilton,"When paying in the high end I expect everything to be well maintained and working flawlessly. I had an executive room which was large but with scratched furniture. Wifi was bad, did not work in the room and had bad coverage also in other parts of the hotel. The executive lounge and tis breakfast was great though. Good location with a short walk to Oxford street. Also a short walk fron Paddington station where Heathrow express lands",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok Hotel for Business,"I often stay in the Hilton Metropole in London for business, its close to work and therefore very handy. I have stayed in many different rooms in many different parts of the hotel and on the whole the experience has been good.   The rooms are clean and tidy and are all very similar in quality.   Front desk staff are really friendly and helpful and any issues I have ever had have been resolved in a professional and timely manner. On occassions been provided drinks vouchers to compensate for issues (mainly with computer check in delays).  Its a very busy hotel and its not very quiet or pieceful, if staying on holiday I dont think i would consider this hotel. However, for business its perfect and very close to the Edgeware Road tube.for access to London.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not too bad,"Nice hotel staff very friendly very expensive for food and drink, the room I had was clean but very basic, the lighting was poor no ceiling light only a floor lamp and bedside lamp, bed not that comfortable, only water to fill the kettle was the bathroom tap not nice!!! breakfast would have been edible if it had been hot!!!!  the only smoking area is to stand outside the hotel doesn't look good when other guests are walking in and what do you do when it's raining??? the surrounding area of the hotel is a very busy noisy area. All said my stay was ok but due to the area I would not return",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
4712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One of our least favorite hotels (out of 7),"Granted my husband and I only stayed here one night, but during our European vacation, we stayed at 7 different hotels and the Hilton London Metropole was one of the least favorites. (bottom 2 out of the 7).   We stayed in room 1405. The room itself is tight and hard to get around each other especially with our luggage. Our room had twin beds and didn't come with a mini fridge or anything of the sort. I understand that maybe rooms in Europe are smaller than what us Americans are used to, but this is a Hilton hotel. Even though the room was small we did have an OK view. Note WiFi is NOT free. However, you do get WiFi in the lobby.  Other than the size of the room, the other negative I have to point out is that there is no ventilation in the bathroom or A/C in the room. So after a…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
4713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Booked by tour company,"We arrived at the hotel, and were impressed by the well appointed lobby, and the fast and efficient check-in process.  We were told to use the lifts with the ""gold"" doors for the Tower Block.  Nothing golden about this room!  The room was tiny and through no fault of the hotel was a twin, but I don't know where you are expected to put suitcases for 2 people!!  Barely enough space for 1.  The room was worn and tired looking.  As our tour was departing next morning, we were looking for a good night sleep, but all night long we had noise coming from above and in the hallway outside the door.    The area where the hotel is located is not the best, as most of the cafes and restaurants on Edgware road have shishas out the front, meaning you have to walk through a pall of smoke if you…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
4714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4725-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good Hotel, Watch out for the Extra's","We stayed at the Metropole for 2 nights. Booked a suite as it was our Anniversary. The Rooms were massive and to a very high standard. The hotel is nicely presented and the Executive Lounge is brilliant. WiFi in room has to be paid for at £14.95 for 24 hours which is a rip off  There a few points that let the hotel down there. Breakfast is not the best £12 each when purchased in advance or £19 on the day but be warned you have to queue to get in. Then when you get to the food it isn't the best quality and only just warm, would recommend eating out for breakfast and save yourself money and queues. The other thing to watch out for is a 10% Service charge being added to your bill when you order drinks at the bar. I only noticed this after I left and was looking through my receipts,…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I will come back again,I stayed with my wife for five nights . The staff were very helpful . They gave us a very nice upgrade as a hilton member . The rooms a bit small but is good as a london standard . Cleanness of room was average standard . Location is really excellent . Definitely I will come back again ,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
4716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great for a weekend break in London,"This is a bustling hotel, large and always busy from my experience. Stayed here a few times over the years to have a break in London, see the sights, go to the theatre.  The best rooms are higher up in the west wing. We had access to the executive lounge which does a limited but reasonable breakfast included in the room rate. You can end up queuing if you go downstairs and pay for a full breakfast. We preferred to eat in the exec lounge and then get going for the day.  We had a suite at a good rate for the weekend, high up, good views, spacious and great nights sleep.   Ideal for what we wanted to do but not sure about the immediate area around the hotel so I'd eat in the hotel or in more central London. Tube is a few minutes walk away",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
4717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Good location and decent size of room for London. In fact I did not care much about other things since I was very happy with the room size which is very rare in London. Breakfast was also of good quality, so its more than enough for mw to say that it is a decent hotel in a good location in London.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
4718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,They can do more,"The employees are kind and polite, willing to help us in feeling great, but this is not enough. For a Hilton (the trademark/brand transmits quality) the hotel needs a better coordination. The breakfast is not ""Hilton"" and some other minor errors/malfunctions can easily disrupt the association from the trademark/brand with quality. You do not feel special. The price although expensive can be considered good for London.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4730-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big hotel full of bustle,"I used to quite like the metropole, but it's resting on its laurels and the fact that it's so big there is sometimes no choice but to use it.  Rooms are very variable, so if it's not up to snuff change rooms.  High in the tower or the west wing are the best.  Executive lounge is too small, usually cramped and the service is lacklustre. ",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average stay,"The experience was good, but considering the price level I expected to have a fresher room (furniture) and for being a non-smoker room, the smell of cigar was just terrible. Even the towels had a strong smell of cigar. The minibar was not connected to electricity, giving a bad smell as well. Internet service was very poor, breaking connection and requiring reconnection all the time, very frustrating!  The room view and hotel location were great, the staff was very friendly, breakfast and conference facilities are very good!",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great for tourists - less than average for business,The pros:  - Right off Paddington at the intersection of Praed street and Edgware Road (actually there is a Hilton AT Paddington station for those who want to stay right there). - Easy access to the underground - Vibrant Edgware road - not high class but amazing diversity - lots of Lebanese restaurants nearby  Cons  - Rooms are dated with carpets on the non-executive floor looking like they needed to be changed over two years ago.  - Tiny bathrooms with inadequate lighting (tough on ladies for makeup and men who want a close shave. - Rooms have very few sockets and all are limited to British gadgets (need an adapter). The area near the desk has two sockets both of which are taken up by the lamp and TV. The only other socket is at the floor level near the entrance way. - Torn off…,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location is great,"Located 3 minutes walk from 2 Edgware Road underground stations.Opposite the hotel theres M&S.A lot of Lebanese/Arab/halal restaurants nearby.Room is smallll..but clean.Quite a lot of people stay here, so the staff will always be busy.Overall, the stay here is okey.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for family trip to London,We booked a room for 5 and it had plenty of room and comfortable beds. Some minor issues with door lock and bathroom but all in all a great stay. Breakfast was efficient for numbers in hotel with a good variety on offer.,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
4724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4735-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very poor reception and check in service,"I have stayed at this hotel many times before and I was really looking forward to staying again following their refurb.  Sadly I was disappointed. Whilst the new reception area may look lovely. It is chaotic and the check in staff take far too long. I had to wait 25 mins in the Exec VIP queue to check in. Both staff on the two counters were dealing with customers, one who had her laptop open and another who was taking ages deciding whether to upgrade. Simply tell them to stand aside whilst they dither and show no regard for others and serve some customers who want to check in!!  The rest if the hotel seems unchanged following the upgrade so still the now even longer walk to the West wing and the too small, but superb, exec lounge in the East wing!!  Rooms were comfortable.  …",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disgusted and never again at this hotel,Stayed in quite a few hiltons but this one takes the cake. I have never felt so disappointed and cheated. The reception is only too keen to upgrade you to the next level. Pre booked a deluxe twin and the room was ancient and smelt like a cigar room despite being assured it was a non smoking room. Was offered an alternate for 60 pounds more a night which was apparently the newly refurbished room.... Trust me there was nothing new. Stay elsewhere and avoid this ordeal. ,None,1.0
4726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,When I checked in I was told I was upgraded. I never thought it would be that bad. Difficult to justify such price when a room has a view on big pipes and no natural lights. This is my last stay here.,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
4727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Check room before booking,"My friend & I recently stayed at the Hilton Metropole for 5 days.  We were told all our hotels were 3-4 star.  I would not give the Metropole 1 star.  The ""old"" room would have been small for 1 person. Room only for 1 suitcase on a luggage rack - the other had to be put on the desk as there was not floor space for a suitcase.  Room only for 1 person at end of beds.  Only 1 chair so had to lie in bed if wanting to watch TV.  Other people on the same tour had bigger rooms so make sure of what you are getting before you book.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Extremely bad hotel,"Poor room, I asked for non-smoking and it was all stink of smoking. Called reception and they said this is a non-smoking room. They offered to come and spray my room, as if I need another poison... I asked to come and open the window... Not a real help... I hated any minute at the room... They never thought they should apologize for it... The room was not clean. Beds are extremely uncomfortable. Shower towel with hair on it. Internet connection is pricey (15 GBP for 24 hours) should have been for 24 hours but I was kicked off after 12 hours...",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
4729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4740-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Is this truly a Hilton ?,"Not to be snotty about it but I always took a Hilton hotel to be a 5 star hotel. This is a decent enough hotel but it is not a 5 star hotel.  It is too high density for one and although i was lucky not to have to queue for breakfast, i noticed a queue every morning when i left. The breakfast was good with a decent variety of food and I have no complaints. The mostly Eastern European (?)  staff are pleasant and efficient. I was there at the tail end of August 2014 and I can imagine that conditions might have been worse at the height of summer as reported in some reviews earlier this year.  It seems that the outlets and staff are inadequate for the large number of guests although the staff i encountered were pleasant. It was also a bit bureaucratic in that my cash refund could…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"tiny room, big cost","convenient to underground, but the room was very small - not really enough room for two suitcases plus carry-ons - had to put one suitcase in front of the door so we could walk around the beds.  The included  breakfast was very nice and we ate in the restaurant one of the four nights that we were there and it was good.  My major disappointment was the quality of the room given the cost - I tried to upgrade to the renovated wing but was told it was an additional one hundred pounds a night, which was just not worth it to me.  In the past we have stayed in smaller places in Earl's Court  ( kind of Faulty Towersy ) and found that we can live with quirky in the future to save a little for the hugely expensive London restaurant scene.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Horrible Experience, shame on you Hilton Hotels!","I recently travelled with 3 other people and had the misfortune of staying at this hotel.  The hotel is centrally located, and is a Hilton - so we had great expectations.  However, our experience was negative right from the start.  After travelling on an international overnight flight we had to wait over 5 hours for a room.  There were four of us in our party, & we had 2  rooms booked.  Despite having made reservations 8 months prior and a request that the rooms be located together (we were travelling with 2 teenagers) - our rooms were located in opposite towers.   After we were finally given the rooms, one of them was so tiny that we demanded a change.  I have travelling a lot, including in Japan and have NEVER seen a room as small as this one.  After waiting 5 hours I figured…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Oh dear,"Too big to fail? Or in this case so big it fails, now don't get me wrong I stay at a lot of large business hotels but this one fails due to it being disorganized. The rooms are cramped - even the executive ones are pokey and the gym doesn't have enough room to swing a cat. The restaurants are too busy and even after the remodeling if the lobby bar it still doesn't have enough staff to cater for the throughout of clients.   In it's favor is that it's competitively priced the staff in the lounge are helpful and it's a 10 minute stroll with a carry on if you are using the Heathrow express.   ",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not bad, but nothing special","Stayed here for a couple of days on business, location is great, for people coming in from the airport, just a short walk from Paddington.  Lobby is nice, check-in was quick, and room was clean, and heard no noise at night.  However, for the price, was expecting something a bit step above.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
4734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4745-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The Hilton London Metropole hotel is highly recommended,"the comfort, privacy, staff and service are top notch that I've come across with in my work as a personal assistant and a travel coordinator, usually there is a barrier when working with people abroad as making coordination of hotels, flights and meetings due time difference and language barrier, here there was no any language barrier and time difference, the staff has always been ready to help, very patient, available at all times, provide a full response to my demands that were no modest, The professionalism of the staff reflected in the attention to the small details. I would like to say that the staff is very pleasant. I Strongly recommend the hotel for both personal vacation and business purposes",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
4735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great for business and also for families.,"I stay in this hotel most weeks and have also stayed with my family on occasions. The hotel though very large is still well served with great staff, attentive service and a good food and beverage offering. One thing that you should remember is that if you do not want woken by housekeeping at 8.00 am remember to put the do not disturb sign on the door. If you don't they will knock and it is quite annoying. Good executive club and a good leisure club as well though the gym is small.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
4736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not all that!!!,"we stayed at this hotel on a theatre break on a one night stay, nothing really bad about the hotel but again nothing special either for a 4 star. The breakfast was dissapointing, stayed at other Hiltons that were far superior.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,BASELESS WORRIES,"After seeing some recent reviews, I was nervous about the Metropole.  Instead, our visit turned out very enjoyably.  We did upgrade to the West Tower, which made the stay more expensive, but being in modern surroundings was worth the difference.  The bed was very comfortable, the room always clean and the bathroom to our standards.  We were on the 13th floor, a quiet setting.  Hotel personnel were quite willing to help, and the breakfast, which had been pictured here as a zoo, was a great start to our days.  Items were quickly restocked, and the variety of choices was pleasing.  Since we visited Sept. 3-10, the population might have been less than at peak, but we thought the hotel handled well the many people there.  The location is incredibly handy, with Paddington Station…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
4738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Really Mixed Bag,"Extremes good and bad at this hotel. The room my first night was awful - apparently not renovated yet - but the dinner was fantastic. Highly recommend dinner at Minako on the top floor. Outstanding view of Central London at night and really good meal. The Avacado Green Curry was quirky and delicious. The room was atrocious. Small, no water, broken phone, only one open outlet practically behind the TV.  Then in the morning, a shower with two temperatures: frigid and Arctic.   At that point, was moved to a great room but not so great dinner. The room was  in the West Wing. These are the rooms you see on the website. Modern, spacious, comfortable. That night's dinner at one of the other restaurants, Fiama, had decent food but really, really slow service.  The final set of extremes:…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4750-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very helpful,Came to London with a pre booked trip and when we arrived they had booked us into a twin room. I went to the group booking desk where we checked in and the girl there said there were no double rooms available. So I went to the main reception desk where I was greeted by Arantzazu whom was very professional and helpful she immediately looked for a double room for us and to our delight gave us a fantastic room. Thank you very much for your help Arantzazu ,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
4740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very worthwhile hotel,"We just stayed for five nights at this hotel in late August and really enjoyed the time we spent there. The location is great for accessing the London subway system as there are two stations nearby both named Edgware Road but each having different tube lines. No matter they are very useful. The restaurant, Fiamma is a great place to eat; breakfasts were included with the room price and were English buffets. We had a room on the seventeenth floor with a great view down Edgware Rd. toward the Thames. The room had some decor updates, the bathroom was small, clean but fine for one person at a time using it. The hotel staff were pleasant and very helpful. The lobby and the main floor have undergone an impressive renovation. The hotel is bright and welcoming. It's about a fifteen…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable room,"Three adults stayed in a room with 2 queens.  If you want to make sure you feel like you are in an American-like hotel while you are in London this will do. The service was excellent and the room was spacious and clean. The beds were comfortable. The location is convenient to the tube and Paddington Station.  Cons for me: 1. No free internet in the room.  You could connect in the lobby and I found many cafes where I could connect to wi-fi.  It did not end up being a big problem.  2.  No character.  I like a little more individuality in the hotels when I travel oversees. 3.  Very expensive. I know London is expensive, but I do feel like we paid for the Hilton name more than anything else.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel in good location,"I have been to this hotel before and this visit did not disappoint.  Rooms are large and comfortable - not much noise from other guests which is rare in London  Breakfast is average but worth it if included in your rate, if not then nip over the road to Pret :-)   Staff very friendly and accommodating   There is a car park which charges £35 a day but it's also just across the road from the tube at Edgware Rd  As they are so close by you should also try the Lebanese restaurants nearby.... Maroush is delicious!",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Smelly and Very Noisy!,"It seems that everyone has already covered the check in/out issues, so I'll confirm that and add a new layer to the mess that is the Hilton Noisy-Pole,  I stayed here last week, and there was nearly constant noise and bad smelling throughout the night (i can't speak for the day as I was out).  Over on the small side street there was some type of pumping equipment that droned on until the wee hours of the morning, and the occasional smell of sewage was in the air.  I called the desk and the first person said it was maintenance, the second said it was the local government (council), but no one had a definitive answer for when it would be completed.  On top of this, there's an random bell that screams off very angry rings - almost like a school fire alarm on steroids.  Conclusion:",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4755-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very poor!,"I stayed at this hotel on a bed and breakfast rate for one night - opting for a King Room with views over the city.  Well.................let's start at the beginning............walking into the reception area was like, and I can only imagine, a One Direction concert...................mobbed, full of young Americans and the queue for the check in was beyond belief.................  Only four check in desks were manned (and that included the Hilton Honors check in) - waited nearly an hour................completely unacceptable.  My room was not ready, and I was then told I could put my luggage in the luggage room..............another queue............  What was surprising is that when putting my luggage into this room there was no security scanner or proof of…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
4745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fishy Smell in room,"The bedroom was too small for the price charged and there was a bad fishy smell in the room. We asked the staff to freshen up the room, however, the smell did not go away.  The decor of the bedroom was not good and desperately needs upgrading.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
4746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Repost,"I am reposting after deleting my previous post. The service of the hotel is so bad, that at the time of check out, their computer systems were down. They promised me that they will email me the invoice/bill. Till date i have not received the same and therefore I have not got the Hilton Honors points for my stay. Such a lethargic hotel. I checked in on 8th July 2014 and check out on 10th July 2014 - Name: Govindan. Till date no news from the hotel. They are not good for individual traveller. May be they are interested only in Corporate Groups!!",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One Night Stay,"Recently  stayed here for a one night leisure stay. Staff very friendly however had an incident while at breakfast and no staff or manager came to help even though they could see what was going on . Received apologies afterwards. Stayed in the tower, rooms clean but so old compared to the impression the lobby creates of the hotel, needs modernization. Great location for traveling around London , tube two minute walk., close to shopping. Also do not understand hotel taking security deposit from credit card yet so slow to refund. At night do staff really need to post bill under door at 2am !!!.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't expect too much ,Arrived way early - no early check in even if you're staying almost 10 nights. And was told to come back at 3pm! It appears there will always be no room available if you arrive early unless you pay £40 more per night to upgrade! So there are rooms available but they just want you to pay more for it. Eavesdropped on a group next to me and reception told them the same thing. Common practise here it seems. Choose wisely. Learn from my mistake. Probably never again. ,Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
4749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4760-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Friendly staff and good room,"From the moment we walked in the hotel we had a great experience with staff, they were very friendly and helpful, and we felt they really care about us enjoying our stay. The room size was normal,  beds were more than ok, and breakfast was good. The restaurant in the top floor had an amazing view and very good food as well. The only down side was the location, we didn't enjoy the neighborhood, and was not close to main attractions...",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice family room,"My wife and I took the children to London for the weekend, the family room we had was great, two large double beds. Good location, close to Edgeware road tube station and easy to get a taxi.  This is a large hotel, with an East and West wing, our room was in the west wing, there are several entrances but at night all are closed except main entrance, its a little gripe but it was a long walk to our room with two tired children.",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overall Super location no way 4 star.,"Stayed here for one night that was enough! Check in very slow, staff in this area were very pleasant though, Our room was in the tower on the 8th floor.First impressions shabby corridors and very small and outdated rooms that could be cleaned more thoroughly.tepid water for a shower not good enough for  four star.  What makes this hotel is it's Staff and location, about 7 mins walk to Paddington Station Compliments to the staff in the breakfast room especially the Italian lady sorry i never got her name but she put up with some very rude customers sitting beside us and still continued to be so friendly and polite an asset to your hotel.  This Hotel could have great potential if there was a little updating on corridors and rooms.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,Was in London for a presentation the company put us up in hilton metropole was not disappointed easy to get to from heathrow . Our room was ready on arrival 11am which was early staff especially Erinda on reception was very helpful. Room was spacious and clean on the 12th floor good views. No waiting for breakfast was seated straight away plenty of choice and it was always hot breakfast staff were very pleasant aswell. Would definitely return and recommend,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
4753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worth going to this hotel again,conveniently located across the street from the Edgware underground.  This area had many restaurants and was in walking distance to Marble Arch shopping area.  I would definitely stay at the Hilton London Metropole again.,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
4754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4765-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Our last views of London,"We ended our trip to England with a stay at the Hilton London Metropole.  We had an excellent room for going to bed early for our Heathrow flight the next morning required us to be in the lobby at 4:30am.  We found a boxed, continental breakfast with our names on it. Thank you!",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"An excellent hotel close to the tube. There are two tube stations just across the street that will get you to all the major attractions within minutes (both stations are called Edgware but have separate entrances). We stayed in the West Wing and had a big room with two queen beds, which is fairly big according to London standards. The room was clean and well equipped. Breakfast was not included in the price, but you can purchase it for 12 pounds per person - the buffet is well worth it. We also took advantage of the pool and sauna, which was great after a day of walking. Hotel itself is very big and almost felt like a resort of its own. Would stay again. There is free wifi in the lobby, which was not a big deal since we were too tired to go online after a day of sightseeing.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, decent stay","I ended up at the Hilton London Metropole after getting a very good deal on Hotwire. I was thrilled with the location as it is near two major underground stations and Paddington Station. After reading the reviews online I was not sure what to expect of my stay. I emailed the hotel reservations department which was very helpful in providing information about my room since Hotwire was not giving me the exact details, and actually the hotel reservations team was so extremely kind and provided me with with an upgrade of our 2 rooms to the West Tower.   I think this is very important as I am sure many of the reviews on this page are of the Tower Wing. The West Tower rooms were nicely renovated, and were very spacious. We did not have a single problem with our air conditioner and our…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No customer service,"I spoke to 4 different staff to get my fridge unlocked. Initial call girl by phone contact  attempted remotely twice but then said her colleague would arrange. Day 3 still not opened, drinks I bought at M&S all hot.  Also complained about a crying child non stop on day 1 day 3 child still crying and coughing waking me up at 5.30am. My room had an adjoining door to theirs. At one stage I though children were talking at door just to annoy me. At first I was concerned child was alone.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Showing it's age,"Joao@ front desk checked us in early which was a relief considering we arrived early from our flight. Unfortunately he  first gave a room that was dirty when we got there then he quickly found another room which had old stains n the carpet but was fairly clean.  When we ordered room service, Katie was very thoughtful.  Other employees we met were friendly. The room was adequate as we only needed a place to sleep and will be out most of the time. Surprised not to see any wash/face cloths. I would like to stay in the newer part next time.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4770-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Okay location. Madhouse Lobby,"I stayed at this hotel for about a week and a half while I was in London for work. Traveled with my wife and little baby which gave the trip a vacation feel. Overall, my experience was average at this hotel and would only go back if I don't have a lot of options.  Here is why:  Location  It's located on Eddware road, just about 2 minutes (literally) from the Edgware Road Tube. It's also close to Paddington and Hyde Park is about a 10 minutes walk. Edgware road has lots of restaurants, mostly middle eastern so you will have lots of options if you like middle eastern food. A lot of shops on Edgware road are lined with people sitting outside and smoking Hookah.   I think there are hotels at the same price range (this hotel is not cheap even relative to London hotels) that are…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Walking distance to paddington station,"I chose this hotel because it was walking distance to the Paddington station and very close to the tube. Hotel is a nice hotel, my room was on the fifth floor, a simple regular room, no view or anything, furnitures kind of old and a little torn, but not bad condition. Breakfast was nice. Hotel was clean, nice staff, two tube stations are right across the street, which is very convenient.  Neighborhood though is all middle eastern arabic restaurants and stores, even the grocery stores are arabic, their homeless people on the street who asked for money even spoke arabic. So aside from fast foods at the station, all the restaurants around are all arabic, if you dont like middle eastern food, the street does not have much more to offer.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What I expected from a Hilton Hotel,"I usually don't stay in the more expensive hotels like the Hilton, but decided to treat myself on my recent trip to London. The Hilton Metropole certainly lived up to my expectations. The room was large (to say the least) with a comfy king-sized bed and a very large big-screen T.V.  The most enjoyable aspect of the room was that it was on the 10th floor, and from lying in my bed I could see for miles, out the virtually floor-to-ceiling window. I didn't eat in any of the restaurants on site so I can't rate them. The hotel was only one short block from the Edgeware Rd. Underground Station and not quite within comfortable walking distance of central London, but an Oyster transit card makes transit easy and quite inexpensive. Breakfast was not included in my room price - so I can't…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Theatre Trip Weekend,"Big hotel, not the best location in London, saved by two very close tube stations nearby, so didn't matter. Clean and comfortable if a little worn around the edges. Completely organised coach trip /Theatre Stay guests checked in at ""backdoor ""reception went well for us ""coz we managed to be second in the queue,but with only one receptionist who tried her very best to speak English,  I think she was a bit overwhelmed, it may not have gone so well if you were102nd in line ( 2 coaches disembarked at same time ). Executive  twin??? room on 2nd floor, only one robe two pairs slippers' looked out into internal quadrangle above pool but straight onto extraction piping so a higher floor prob better.Disappointingly 23rd floor bar with great views across London was shut by the time we got…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what we were expecting.,Very disappointed with the quality of the rooms. Decor very tired and the fire alarm sounding at 3.00am was very disconcerting especially as the staff appeared to not know what to do. We were very surprised to be told to go back inside the hotel after we just evacuated the premises. On the positive side the hotel is opposite the Edgware Rd tube station and there are some good pubs around the corner from the hotel. The breakfast buffet is adequate.,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4775-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Close to the tube,"This hotel was close to the tube. Walking to places was bit far, but we did do it! We walked to Oxford Street and shopped a bit. This is walk also took you near Hyde Park. There was not much around the hotel. The stores and shops were not to our liking and at times we felt uncomfortable. The hotel and the staff were very nice. Our room was clean and comfortable.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Still Ok!,"It is always convenient and fun staying at the Hilton Metropole due to location access to shops,restaurant and tube,but this time,it  was not as pleasant! Travelling with my whole family- five of us and having to wait over four hours to be checked into our room was the most disconcerting experience I had throughout our holiday after a long trip across Europe and looking forward to a good meal and some rest! Graciously enough  we were given access to the executive lounge were we waited it out till the room was ready by then we were all really exhausted and ready to drop off!  A lot has been done really to improve the outlook of this hotel but I dare say they may be overwhelmed by the magnitude of guests they have. Either that or there seem to be a new hype that seem to have come…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good enough,I stopped overnight whilst seeing a show. One person on reception with 30+ people coming off a coach is not really good enough - efficient though she was. The staff were friendly and efficient and I have no horror stories. I would stay again overnight but would probably not stay for longer than one or two nights as it did seem very impersonal and the room a bit basic,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
4767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dated and Dirty,As a Gold Hilton member I have stayed in lots of Hiltons and this is by far the worst. Our room was old and worn. There were crisp crumbs on the floor and hair in the bathroom. The room was small and uninviting. There is a good gym and the location is very convenient to the city and public transport. We walked with our luggage to Paddington station with no problems. We told a staff member what we were doing and he offered to get us a car for 60 pound to Heathrow. We have used car services before and never paid more than 40 pounds so wondered what this offer was about. The trip on the Heathrow express cost 41 pounds and had us there in 15 minutes. The breakfast caters to hundreds of people and it is chaotic with staff showing frustration in dealing with the numbers.,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Restaurant,"We had a lovely stay here at the Hilton, it's a very busy place, location next to the Edgware Rd station is so convenient, but it would have been nicer if the room was the same standard as the Foyer.  The heating doesn't work in the room and it was warmer just to turn everything off.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4780-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Visit overnight stay,"Couldn't fault this hotel for service cleanliness and the selection of breakfast was excellent ,would recommend it ,and would stay there again ,I had a spacious room with a huge bed no complaints on my part ,",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,welcoming hotel,"Location of the hotel is very good, in the center of the city. View from hotel window beautiful city. Outside the hotel looks very nice, beautiful lobby, reception, elevators. The rooms spacious enough, has everything you need. Friendly, attentive and smiling staff. Prices are slightly high. The breakfasts are delicious.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not as good as I expected,"I stayed at this hotel while I was in London, I stayed for two nights with my wife.  The hotel was easy to find and is very near the tube station.  Checking in took 25 minutes which for the time of day I did not think was too bad. The room had a fantastic view of London however it had a strange smell in the room each time you opened the door.  The room was clean however it did need some paint on the window sill and the back of the toilet door. The bath panel need to re placed as well as the sealant around the bath as this was black in places and not white. The bed is a super king size which was really nice. The walls were thin and you could hear people in other rooms and you could listen to the programmes they were watching at night.  There was not a chest of drawers in the room…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My Favorite Hotel In London,This is my favorite hotel in London. Have stayed here more than 30 times. The rooms are good in size & very clean. I always got upgraded to west wing. The breakfast is good too. The restaurants is food but little expensive. I wish I can stay again here soon.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
4773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,Regular hotel for me - really handy for Paddington station and invariably great staff. Great new lounge area just inside the Lobby. Sports bar fantastic for watching whatever is on at the time - particularly when on ones own.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4785-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay at Hilton Metropole,"Excellent stay at the hotel during July 2014.  Staff very helpful, concierge pre- arranged transport for our group.  Rooms excellent.  Restaurant very impressive with excellent food and views of London.  Location excellent.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice options, apart from the pool","I like the fact that this hotel has multiple restaurants and bars and you can select which one you want to go to. However, for the size of this hotel I would be expecting a much bigger and better swimming pool area, with segregation out from the 20-30 kids in there.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,NOT A GREAT HOTEL,"Stayed here for two nights with my daughter as she attended a dance show.  I paid for an upgrade to Executive rooms but on my 1st room offered the carpet was badly stained and furnishings scratched and not worth £200, the second room was the same with ripped upholstery etc, finally got a room on 6th floor of the west wing which even though quite bare was much better, however it was quite a walk over to the executive lounge which was accessed off the lobby.  I felt for a Hilton Hotel it was not their usual standard, staff at check in were quite scruffy, uniforms with buttons missing etc, the breakfast was very busy, hotel staff not very friendly.  The location was good but I would never choose to stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,My experience,"I was disappointed with the quality of the room that we were given  It was small & very crampt  The buffet breakfast was delisious but I was not impressed with the efficiency of removing dirty crockery. I also felt the seating was crampt as the tables were too close together  On a positive note, I was impressed with the staff & the helpfullness",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy area with great views from hotel,"This is a very busy hotel.  We waited 15 minutes to be checked in as they had few staff helping.  When we did finally get served the young man was very apologetic and helpful.  Our room had a fantastic view over London.  Rooms are standard hotel rooms but a bit tired.  The breakfast was good - standard buffet breakfast.  Many Globus bus tours depart from this hotel including ours, so it is quite large and very busy. We booked via Globus and the price was quite high so  I don't know if I would stay here again as it wasn't a welcoming environment",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4790-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"Our family 2 adults, children 16 & 12 stayed here 26/08-28/08 and we had an excellent time, We arrived at 12 and they had a family room that was ready for us even though check in wasn't until 3pm. The room was very big with 2 double beds and a double sofa bed, so everyone had a good nights sleep. The staff were great. We used the pool which was small but just what we needed after a day out in London.  The breakfast was a bit of a bun fight but it is a very large hotel so it is going to get busy. We would stay there again if we were going as a family as the hotel had everything we needed but if we were going as a couple we would look at staying at a Red Carnation Hotel",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice welcoming staff, but housekeeping could be better.","Stayed at the Hilton Metropole London from the 27th Aug- 29th Aug 2014. The staff were fantastic,extremely welcoming and helpful. The breakfast was very good, and the pool although small was an added bonus to the stay. My only issue with the Hotel is unfortunately the cleanliness of the bedrooms. We stayed one night in a Queen superior room which consists of to double beds. The carpet had not been hoovered very well and the built in lights to the wardrobes, were on all night,as they did not shut properly.  Only found this out when we all got settled for bed at about 11.30pm, so was really MIT in the mood for having housekeeping up in our room at that time of night, and had just settled down my youngest. So not a great nights sleep with that shining all night. Our second night…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location and great manager,"Stayed here in mid-August as our first stop on a 2 1/2 week vacation beginning in London. Location is excellent, near Paddington Station, and within walking distance to the underground. Breakfast and cocktail hour were great. Room and building nicely kept. We were a ""no show"" on the first day by accidentally booking the wrong date, but manager went above and beyond to get us a refund from Expedia. Highly recommend.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good, but tired room","Reading some reviews, I wonder if people research a hotel before staying there. The metropole website makes clear it's a big hotel so no point expecting intimacy. Similarly, research the area. Some reviewers seem not to want to walk the two blocks that take one to broader cuisine. My experience of several stays has been good. The exec lounge is good though hearing some guests' requests they seem to expect it to be a full bar. One criticism I agree with is that my room needed some painting and was a bit battered. Spotlessly clean , though. Also, it's a shame that china tea pots have been replaced with metal jugs at breakfast. I will stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not impressed,"It is too big to give a good service.  Checking in was a nightmare, even though we were told not to arrive at peak checking in time.  Our first room had been modernised but for a supposed executive room was very cramped.....We complained and they immediately arranged to move us to a more spacious room telling us that our luggage would be transported from our first room, but allow about 1o minutes.  An hour later we were still waiting in our more spacious but rather 'tired' room.  After a series of phone calls out luggage was duly delivered but left us short of time to get ready for our evening appointment.  The staff were all very obliging but it was just too large to give a good service.  I will not stay there again.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4795-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Had a great stay at Hilton Metropole London,"I stayed at this Hotel with my wife and my 7 months baby. We had a great time,we got an excellent customer service from the hotel manager Mr. Avner. The rest of the staff were very helpful in everything we asked for. We enjoyed the generous breakfast.Location is just perfect to buses all over, the underground is just 1 min from hotel behind Marks and Spencer. Oxford street and Marbel Arch is just15 min walking. Paddington station is 8 min walking.  Upon going back to London, I will only stay at Hilton Metropole  George",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole London,"Overpriced if you are paying full rate. Some of the Hotel is good, other rooms are dated and in desperate need of modernising.  The non-smoking room smelt of smoke and you could not even open the window to get any fresh air in.   I did not get my free water which I should get as an Hiltonhonors member.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Oversized, overpriced","This is a huge hotel complex, an attractive building with excellent transportation (railway, underground and bus nearby) close to a number of attractions. Nice décor and furniture, elegant marble bathroom, large TV screen, laptop size safe, indoor swimming pool are on the positive side.  It has the makings of a good hotel… but it’s not. I am a Hhonors gold member and visited already a few hotels of this chain (and others), but I must say it is not up to Hilton standards. This mega size comes naturally with a soulless feel, but in addition there are severe management problems here. The paid (costly) upgrade to an executive room resulted in a rather crimped room, where the hinged cupboard doors (hiding the safe, tea-kettle, drawers and practically everything) efficiently blocked…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Chaos,"Booked in over the bank holiday - so was busy with weddings and tourists. Had to queue for checking in, room was fine. Disappointment came the next morning when we went to the 3rd floor as due to. The number of people staying at the hotel including wedding guests, they had added an overflow for breakfast on another floor. My husband had to wait for the eggs to come, no one manning the hot buffet. By the time he bought the hot breakfast to the table, my 4 and 7 year old had lost the will and didn't eat very much. Where we sat, there wasn't one waiter who walked by in the whole time we were there for breakfast so having asked a waiter whether he could get a couple of cakes for my two young girls and not hearing back from him after he said he will go and check - I decided to cut an…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant for the price,"Firstly, i need to point out i bought a room here for £84 (twin room) for a night via a 3rd party site, usual price for a room like this is £180, so i got a bargain.  Firstly, the staff were friendly and professional.  I can't fault that at all.  They offer a free Newspaper and alarm call to rooms direct, i didn't take the offer up but it is there if needed.  The room itself was very nice, spacious and had a great view.  The hotel has many facilities, including a sports bar, a whiskey bar (it had a VIP event on, so i couldn't sample this).  The shower/bath room was very decent.  Very clean, had a nice finish to the decor.  The room had air-con and heating, so there was no need to open the window for a cool breeze.  The bed itself was comfortable, it felt like one of them pocket…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4800-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Underwhelming,"I stayed at the Hilton London Metropole for a conference in June, 2014. Having never been to London before, I didn't know what to expect. Arriving at the hotel from my transatlantic flight, I couldn't wait to get into my room and have a shower. Unfortunately, my room wasn't ready but the kind woman checking me in, quickly found me a room that was available. I was so pleased about this, until I entered the room. I had booked a 'deluxe' room, but what I found was tiny, cramped, old and dingy - and had two single beds, each with a gross polyester bedspread circa 1975. I immediately called down to the front desk to acknowledge being checked in early, but that the room I had was not acceptable (and not what was booked and paid for). The young man I spoke to put me on hold for a very…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cleaning every other day?????,"My stay started out very well. I had booked a twin executive room with breakfast. I had wanted a King executive, but at at the time of booking there were non available. I checked the next day and then the King's became available. However, because I had pre paid, I was unable to guarantee a change and was told it would be requested but not guaranteed. ( Come on Hilton- you can do better than this- empower your staff!!! Especially as this costs you nothing! It was the same price) Then, when I read the confirmation in extremely small print it stated that breakfast meant CONTINENTAL breakfast to be taken in the executive lounge. I had booked the breakfast package as the website boasts choose from over 400 items. Why then would I want some fruit and cereal as an alternative?  I spoke…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good large busy hotel,"The hotel was part of a package with a coach trip so I did not choice but it was Ok. The room was of a good size with a small bath room, the double bed was very large but the duvet covering it was not large enough to cover both of you if you sleep apart form each other. The room did not have a view only of another section of the hotel but is you looked sideway you could see the street below and some London buildings. The room was Ok for the one night we stayed also the breakfast was good as it was part of the cost. The area the hotel is in Ok a lot of Turkish shops and restaurants, but if you walk down the road you are at marble arch so you are at the end of Oxford street, also just across the road is the underground.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Allow 1 hour for check in,"The hotel is very understaffed. Rooms clean but getting a bit tired, staff are generally friendly and helpful but very thin on the ground. I'm a regular visitor to this hotel but my only reason is the convenient location and on site underground parking.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Visit to Buckingham Palace,"Had a wonderful experience staying at this hotel.   The hotel was clean, tidy and the staff were polite and helpful.   Breakfast was good but the cereal option was only two and no cooked mushrooms.  Would stay again with the family, when we visit London again.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4805-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Falling Standards,"I visited the hotel with my family on the 22/08/2014... Checking in at 7pm my room was not ready I had to wait for 20mins and I am a Hilton Honours Gold card holder.. No welcome water, snack or fruit even for the kids. It was like in being at Heathrow Airport... Queues every where for breakfast it was a long queue. Something needs to be done fast.. ",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best in London so far,"With my earlier visits to London I'm used not to complain about ridiculous small rooms and unfriendly staff. This time, and first ever in London, I didn't even have reason to complain! My room was spacious (in the oldest part of the hotel) and staff was very helpful and friendly, both during my visit and afterwards. In some other cities and countries I would rate this as ""normal"" but in London this was exceptional. Only minus comes from the room cleaning. During my week long stay I didn't invent a way how to encourage cleaning lady to take away my empty wine and beer bottle from my room.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Misses the ""Wow Factor.""","Decent reception/lobby. Bland, corporate-uniform room. Felt on the same league as Premier Inn and Travelodge. With the prices they charge, they should be showering rose-petals on your path to your room. Decent base to explore a mega-city, near access to the subway and loads of restaurants/cafes around.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great base for exploring london :),"Stayed here for 2 nights with our children - aged 9&10. Great location for exploring london which is what we came to do. Walking distance from london zoo (30 min walk through regents park-lovely walk) and 15 mins from madam tussards.  Right next to the tube station to get to every thing else(  Use the baker-loo line to get to big ben, london eye etc... 20 mins at most ) next to regents park station is a weatherspoons - the met - its cheap and lovely food!! No more than £25 for 4 of us to eat inc: drinks.! We ate there every day.  Amazing value for money. Back to the hotel!! - we had a queen room with 2 double beds and an amazing view across london. Check in was ok but not enough people working behind desks(about 6 desks and 2 people working behind ) so there was a little wait…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton? Faulty towers more likely,"We were joining a Globus tour and were booked by Globus from Monday 11August. We Arrived at 0830 Sunday morning 10 August after 30 hours traveling from Gold Coast, having booked the extra night at our own cost. After initial welcome by trainee at reception was told by his mentor there were absolutely no rooms available as check in is not till 3 pm . Asked to speak with the manager, a Spanish lady who when she arrived stated"" you demand to see me"" rather than "" good morning my name is xxxx I am the duty manager and may I assist you""  which would have been more appropriate! Explaining our situation she explained again the check in rules but said we could have a standard room in stead of the deluxe we had paid for but we were to understand that we would not get a refund if we…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4810-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Check-in nightmare,"I booked a family of four into the Metropole as a last minute trip for my wife and two sons. On arrival, check in was not possible because the computer systems were down. We were offered a complimentary drink in the lounge bar while we waited. An hour went by with no sign of rooms being offered. The reception staff were clearly stressed as a lot of other guests were trying to check in. We had reservations for a restaurant elsewhere in London and explained to the staff that we wanted to change our clothes and freshen up. It was suggested that we use the hotels swimming pool and showers! I made it clear that this was not acceptable and was promised a room straight away. Room key in hand we headed for the 10th floor. On opening the room door it was clear that it was occupied,…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location, great all round!","This was booked by one of my daughter's friends for 9 of us for my daughter's hen party. The hotel was in a great location, spotlessly clean and pleasant and helpful staff. Of course it isn't particularly cheap but the hotel is in London and so conveniently situated that it can't be. I would not hesitate to stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,ok for what we needed,we needed to be three in a room as we had our teen with us. most hotels in London  don't accommodate that. this Hilton did. their computers were down and it took us 4 hour to check in. room clean. decent base for sight seeing.,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and underperforming,"For the price paid for this room (almost $300 USD), I expected more than a dirty, shoebox-sized room with substandard bathroom fixtures. Walking into the hotel is nice, the lobby is pretty, staff is friendly, but then when you get into the room you no longer feel like you're in a Hilton.  We had a twin room and it was so small we couldn't even roll our suitcases past the second bed over to the window to open them.   The bathroom was dirty and the whole room was run-down overall. I'm sure it had its hay-day and was once a luxury hotel, but no more.  Paint chips everywhere, scuffs on the walls (probably from people trying to navigate their suitcases in such a tiny space), and the carpet was in desperate need of a cleaning. Even the hallways were not kept up.  The only saving grace…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Since the start the Metropole was able to convince me!  Giulia at reception was great and check-in and through out my stay as she was able to give the room, all the informations and still a small complimentary offer (small for the hotel, very important for me). She made me feel welcome and a special guest; I guess this is what we all look for when we stay in hotels.  The spa (pool, sauna, steam room and gym) is good; the sauna was a bit too hot and as soon as I told the attendants, it was checked and corrected immediately. They made it right and safe i a blink of an eye! Great service.  The Executive Lounge is amazing, with view over Edgware Road and quieter than one one expect in a hotel with over 1000 rooms!  The room was clean as it has to be, and the only point I have to say…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4815-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good family rooms,"This hotel is gigantic, it was good family accommodation and we all enjoyed our stay. The shear size of it meant that the service was a bit impersonal and breakfast was very busy, but we had everything we needed and it was all delivered efficiently. ",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
4805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient location but feels like an extension of Heathrow,"Pros: convenient for Heathrow (when the Express is running although mini cab rates aren't bad at £30-40 each way) Centrally located in London and well connected by tube / bus Executive room class comfortable Plenty of amenities   Cons: Feels like an extension of Heathrow - big, impersonal, run down in places, hit and miss service.  Would not recommend cheapest room based on our initial experience - given a room right opposite lift bank so v noisy and matress was clearly in need of replacing. But fair play to the hotel who upgraded us when we asked for another room away from the lists.  Bar expensive (as you would expect  but many great pubs near by in Marylebone).  Did not try breakfast as likely overpriced. Rather headed into one of the many great cafés in town.   All in all,…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok,Only ok Ground floor services good Nice pool Rooms are small and old fashioned but clean Nothing wrong but nothing great You pay for what you get My favorite business hotels in London all booked out Location only ok,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good price / not so good room,"The room was in the tower at the 11th floor, the window faced to a firewall of the building. The outer window can not be opened because of some rails on the small roof. The inner windows can not be closed because they did not have handlers. In the room there was a smoking guest (somewhere in the past) and the smell did not disappeared. The hotel employees was very kind, and they helped to us everything. For sleeping it was perfect.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Average experience, nice location","We booked this hotel because it was relatively cheaper. We arrived at the hotel and the check in took ages. A new trainee receptionist was dealing with us who knew nothing about their own system! Took around 35 minutes to finally get the key to my room. A lot of other guests near me were complaining because their rooms were not ready for them and the staff was also not being polite with them and treating them as if it was not their fault.   The room was on the 21st floor and had a nice view of london. We could see hyde park, london eye and the parliament in the distance. The room did however stink a little. The size was okay but the size of the queen bed was tiny.   The hotel is located at the end of edgeware road with a lot of shops nearby. It is a ten minute walk to marble…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4820-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, not the best area, long check-in","Stayed for a few nights on business.   Bad: Check-in took a long time. I didn't particular like the Edgeware Road area. I was expecting lots of nice middle eastern restaurants, but the reality was lots of run down kebab shops. Breakfast was also busy.   Neutral: Good room service - although the curry wasn't spicy or the most flavoursome.  Good: Nice bar, close to tube station. Nice room.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good from start till end,We as a family of 5 stayed for 3 nights in August   Location v good Breakfast excellent Rooms good  Staff Helpful Hotel facilities v good  Me and my wife and 3 children stayed last tue we'd thu check in was 5 mins room was adequate for 5 we stayed in the superior queen room which had views to the side of the hotel next time we will try to get a room with a better view the front of the hotel we tried to get through to room service at night to order a snack no reply despite trying a few times apart from this our stay was most enjoyable taxis right outside of the hotel close to most major attractions good buzzing lobby staff very helpful will definitely come back thank you to all at the hilton,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Unimpressed,"Arrived late and really wanted to get to my room. Was told the reservations system was down and had to wait about an hour to get checked in. You would think they would have a manual system in place to deal with this. To be fair drinks were offered and I was given an upgrade but still, when you want to get to your room nothing else matters. Hotel is ok but nothing to rave about.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,fantastic hotel with best value,"We stay at Hilton London Metropole for 2 nights this July and all I can say that the service were fantastic during check in until we check out. As we were leaving for a 12 days cruise from Harwich and do not intend to take with us 2 suitcases out of 4 since we are taking a train, we were offer to leave our bags with the hotel and charge 1 £ instead of the normal 4 £ per day.  The room we stay was big under London standard and the bed was comfortable by Hilton standard   and we would certainly come back again during our next trip.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mini break for my birthday,"We booked this London break for our birthdays . A nice clean and modern hotel on the very busy road. Good facilities had a small swimming pool much needed when it was so hot . We had a nice room with a view overlooking the flyover and roof tops of Edgware road in the East wing. Tea making facilities and large tv and enormous Queen size beds. Air conditioning was working slept really well beds were really comfortable. We paid extra for breakfast which was very good. Good variety of food cooked breakfast on both days fresh fruit , very efficient breakfast waiting staff got our tables straight away even though it was mad with families and children everywhere (school holidays). Staff at reception were polite and helpful. Enjoyed our 2 day stay very busy hotel.    We were sightseeing…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4825-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Cheap!,"Managed to get a cheap deal through lastminute.com and glad I didn't pay the right price. Reception area is really nice but the rest is grim. Room was tiny despite the receptionist saying she was finding me nice room. It stank, whilst apparently a non-smoking room. So a bed to sleep for the night which was all i needed, but wouldn't recommend it for anything else.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Pretty OK for London, not OK for Hilton","I spent two nights with my friends last weekend.  I arrived last of my group - so I did not experienced checkin - but just to give my descriptive experience - we had (as Hilton Honors gold) free late checkou (they tried to charge us 20pounds/hour first - but we quickly explained that we are not going to pay for something that is in every other Hilton around the world for free) - but as expected after series of small incidents, they deactivated our room cards exactly at 11am, instead of keeping them working till the checkout. We went to the reception to ask for card renewal - there was one queue (1 receptionist in the peak time) in Hilton Honors queue and 4 others in the regular queue. There were three other guys before us in HH queue, but the regular queue was obviusly faster -…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,HILTON experience,worst experience in a hotel. the room smelled terrible and i had to complain 3 times until they changed my room to a similar one. I had a reservation on B&B they and they told me at the breakfast lounge that i had no breakfast reservation. Add to all that the noise in the halls and the smell of food from the rooms,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great deal, but rooms/facilities dates","Stayed in August, was on work  GOOD Location (at Edgeware Road station) Views (high floors are lovely) Check In (smooth and fast) Concierge (helpful, informative) Price - I got a good deal, single room, GBP 140 which is why I took it  BAD Room smells stale (although it was clean, it had a damp/stale smell) Phone on the floor (19th floor, room 1905, Tower wing) did not work so I had to go all the way down to speak with reception as my room-key was not functional Room size - minuscule (which I can live with but....) Facilities are dated (its an older hotel and I think renovation is on the cards)",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Terrible, awful, never setting foot there again","My friend and I went to England for the 11-13 th July weekend so we could see Pearl Jam and guests in concert. Check-in was supposed to be available at the hotel from 15:00 onwards, but when we arrived their electronic system had crashed and we had to wait for almost 30 minutes until somebody came around and gave us some papers to fill out. After another 15 minutes of waiting, we were told that we would have to wait for at least another hour for our room to be ready. So after one day of travelling form abroad, no shower, no change of clothes, we left our luggage in their storage and hurried to the train station. Even so, we missed the train to which we had already booked tickets and were forced to buy different, more expensive ones. We also ended up seeing only the main act and…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4830-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disaster at the Hilton,"I arrived at the Hilton at 3pm on the 10th July looking forward to relaxing before a special event that evening I was greeted by pandemonium, a long  queue  at the check in, people spending at least 5 mins when they got to reception. Hilton managed to turn a crisis into a disaster, By being assertive I managed by to get into a my room at 5.30 for some people  it was much later that evening. You expect brands like Hilton to have managers who can cope with system failures and put in back up procedures, utter shambles.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What would Conrad Hilton think of it?,"Second time at the Hilton London Metropole and second major disappointment. There probably won't be a third time. Location is convenient for transportation but average in absolute terms. The hotel in itself is like the hypermarket of hotels (so many rooms), but an old, outdated one. The experience was just bad. Sorry Hilton.",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
4821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Only worth it for the indoor pool,"I had read negative reviews before I left, and foolishly believed that since I was a Hilton Honors Gold member, none of the complaints would effect me.  I was wrong.  The rooms were on par with a beat up Best Western.  I got an upgrade and it was still disappointing.  ZERO storage in the bathroom to unpack.  Missing tiles, etc.  Chipped old furniture in the bedroom and very few drawers and minimal closet space.  Only room for one person to truly unpack.  I also wasn't informed that my son couldn't join me on the executive floor after 5 o'clock, which was very inconvenient.  The indoor pool was the only upside.  We used it every day.  It wasn't a resort experience there, but a place for my son to burn off some energy.  I didn't expect U.S. level accommodations in London. I know…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Does not live up to its name,"Stayed here for two nights in an executive deluxe twin room. An underwhelming experience really;. tired decor, small room, scruffy bathroom and so on. Reception staff not very welcoming or friendly and certainly not especially helpful. The rooms was lacking in the comforts one might expect - the towels and loo roll very rough, At these prices they might assume that guests are accustomed to a better standard of comfort. i had to request the 'complimentary mineral water twice and it never appeared the next day. In the corridors, the wall coverings were peeling away. There are many better hotels at much lower rates. It seems incredible that Hilton is willing to undermine its own brand name with such poor quality. As for the overpriced breakfast; the coffee was almost cold, the hot…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed on Hilton,"We stay at this hotel as our first stop in our European trip with our kids (2 adults 2 kids). I used my points for the Deluxe Queen Family Room, even though the beds were queen the room left no much room to move around. I am a Platinum member and did not get an upgrade until the next morning that I asked (this should be offered at registration).  The hotel is old and outdated and the neighborhood not what you expect for being in London, it felt more like Middle East Central. Although it was fine to walk around it just didn't feel like being in London. Next time might choose a different Hilton. Sorry just not impressed. The breakfast buffet was very good, but again we got seated all the way in the corner in some booth that had a fabric that must have not been clean in 10+ years…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4835-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,great experience,"I had a great stay at the Hilton London Metropole.  Upon checking in I was given a warm welcome and upgraded to a suite which was very roomy, comfortable and came with great amenities.  The suite had some very nice built-in facilities, good desk and work area, comfortable bed and luxurious shower/bath set-up.  The hotel team is great and responds quite promptly.  The guest services team was wonderful and very committed to ensuring that my stay was enjoyable.  The hotel's location is key as it is very central and allows quick accessibility to key locales in the West End of London and near Paddington train station.  The hotel itself is very large and lively and the concierge is also quite helpful.  I did have some issues with wifi connectivity but they were resolved within a…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
4825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Summer Sale Misleading,"We decided that this year we'd do a family trip to London and after looking for somewhere appropriate for the four of us (two children 8 and 10) the Hilton Summer Sale seemed a bargain, a higher standard than we'd usually choose, an excellent location. So we treated ourselves.  On check in we got a manager, who informed me our rate did not include breakfast. Something the booking site failed to make clear at all. No sign that the ""Summer Sale"" was a discounted ""Room Only"" booking and not as I believed a discounted normal bed and breakfast booking.  The manager then tried to up-sell me to a suite. He was confusing and pushy. He talked about £100 more and didn't clarify when I repeatedly asked if that was per-night or over the stay. He explained that the money we'd spend on…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,To avoid in the summer,"Was an unpleasant experience from check in to check out. Hotel hugely understaffed or staffed with poorly trained people proving to be helpless in most interactions with guests.   Breakfast in the ""Executive"" Lounge is… - OMG I cannot figure a better way to ruin your day (and your suit)! It's like eating in a crowded rail station (if you are lucky to get anything to eat), siting on your own suitcase and eating on your lap.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,OK for an overnight pre holiday or meeting but any longer and the flaws will quickly manifest themselves. Unfortunately I had 6 nights and did not represent value for money. Room not always cleaned. Restaurant staff unaware of what's included. Hotel happy to hand out sub standard accommodation with the promise that if you don't like your room we can move you.,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"The ""Executive"" regrettable experience","We had breakfast in their Executive Lounge - OMG! what a failure! First, we came in the Lounge, and 2 members of staff sitting behind 2 switched off computers, barely acknowledged us. No, we have not been taken to our table, but left to find one in an overcrowded room. Finally, 1 available table, but uncleared from previous guests. We sit there and wait somebody to clean that table. After a few minutes I went to those 2 staff at the reception (who were very ""busy"" to chic-chat away) and asked if we could get the table cleared so we can use it. The 2 finally decide to turn their eyes towards the busy room and one of them comes to our table to clean it. Now, can we please have a tea and a coffee? No, wait! This is a self-service operation! The word ""Executive"" is just a hoax. So,…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4840-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Desapoitment,"This was one of the biggest desapoitments that I remember ! Rooms are small and very used , cleaning far from being , you see hairs that don't belong to you everywhere , if I wake up without know the place I will say I was in a very cheap hotel not a Hilton . Another thing the policy of charging more 50£ extra a day for security deposit ! It doesn't make sense and only serve and maximizes Hilton profits , imagine this worldwide !  Breakfast ? The same big confusion , dirty dishes that I show to staff and receive this answer : I don't wash them ! Doesn't have the value they charge",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Insanely overpriced hotel, tiny rooms, poor service","The only possible reason to stay in this hotel is if you're on an expenses-paid business trip with a big corporate discount, and you really need to be in this location. This is the situation my girlfriend was in, which is why I ended up here.  Under any other circumstances, I would not touch this hotel with a 10-foot bargepole. It is without a doubt the worst place I have ever stayed at in London, far worse than any of the B&B's I have stayed at in the 60-90 pound price range.  There are hardly any positives worth mentioning, so I'll start with the negatives.  The rooms are extremely small - the same size you'd get in a budget guest house. Not only that, but they're worn out and ugly, with old carpets, dirty windows, and views over one of the ugliest parts of central London. The…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, generally worth looking at","Ended up here just through using points but it was worthwhile, extended my stay. The location is great, the food is pretty good, looks better than it tastes if I'm being honest and a little pricey, but then London Hiltons are and it is to be expected. The spa facilities are great, especially for kids, the bar is good, tolerant staff and the reception team looked after me well.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Used to be better,"For a while this was one of my favorite hotels in London. Being close to Paddington, it was easy to squeeze in a stay here on the weekend after arriving or before flying out, before heading up north for work.  However, while it had some great redeeming traits (location, mostly) there are some aspects that are just getting too annoying to ignore.   First, the doorman is a peddler for taxis sitting around the corner. Several times now I've had him try hard to convince me that the £60+ taxi to Heathrow is a better deal than the Heathrow express, so much so I now won't even try to get a taxi to Paddington and walk instead. I see them do this to tourists all day long.   2) The rooms are run down and generally poor. I was recently ""upgraded"" to an executive room in the east tower and…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Staff","Stayed here for 2 nights when we were down for a concert in Hyde Park which is a 15 minute walk away.  To be honest its more expensive than I'm used to paying but due to the location and the facilities I think it's worth it.  When we went to check in we found the hotel computer system had crashed and the staff had reverted to a paper based system, this meant some delay and there were several less reasonable guests getting quite irate but I think the staff dealt with the situation and these guests particularly well which is worth pointing out.  The room we got was excellent (Family room with 2 double beds) and the facilities were great - used the pool my son and had a great time.  Car park on site is a great bonus given the location.    We ate in the sports bar downstairs which…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4845-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in great location,"I stayed here for three nights with my husband and two grandchildren. The reception staff were excellent, friendly and helpful both at check in and check out. The room was lovely, large and very clean. Beds comfortable with nice quality bedding. The hotel itself is large but easy to get around with lovely areas to sit and have a drink or coffee/tea on the ground floor. There is a handy little shop on the ground floor too. The hotel is in a good location being close to Edgeware Road and Paddington tube stations. There are lots of shops, bars and restaurants in the immediate area and it's a pleasant walk to Hyde Park and the Bayswater area. If you enjoy walking it is a lovely walk through Hyde Park to the Kensington area. I would certainly stay here again, in fact it would be my…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Thanks sergio,I thank Employee at the reception his name is( sergio )  for the credibility and good dealing during our stay in hotel He was at the top of sophistication of service  All words of thanks and praise Less than him deserve  Also women there her name is ( arantzazu ) she was also  In good handling and excellent service Thanks for all Ibraheem almuslm,Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Omg,Don't go systems are terrible waiting for 3 hours to check in missed my eminem concert and ruined my whole weekend would choose a different hilton or even a premier Inn is better than this sorry excuse of one.. doesn't deserve the hilton name,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor stay,"I was transferred to another room the following day and informed that my luggage would be moved across to my next room.  Luggage got lost in the process.  Also, next room bat tub was blocked which was noticed only in the morning when I was in the shower which was too late to be reported as I was checking out that morning",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Location, Location, Location","Two tube stations across the street were not crowded for anywhere we wanted to go. Paddington Station no more than a 10 minute walk down Praed St. Arrived at Heathrow, got the Heathrow Express to Paddington and walked to hotel in very short time. Check in was fast and efficient for a family of four. Stored luggage in baggage room as arrived at 11 AM. Walked through a friendly multi-cultural neighborhood while waiting for room to be available. Contrary to some reviews, at no time did we ever feel uncomfortable. Several markets in area for food. M&S across the street. Resturants and Pubs nearby. Starbucks and a bank within five minutes walking. Even though a large hotel, the lobby areas never seemed overcrowded. Never more than a short wait for the elevator. All staff were…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4850-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not bad!,"Good tourist hotel with a very good breakfast buffet.  We stayed here for two nights.  Clean rooms.  We loved the lobby bar.  The Edgware Road tube station is conveniently located a block away.  The wifi isn't free, but you can use it for free in the lobby.",None,4.0
4840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Only ok and  pricey,"This is a big flashy hotel with high rates. The location is good, parking secure if pricey and the room was good if again pricey.   The breakfast area is busy, noisy and cramped with a wait line of about 5 mins. The food is not great and the buffet poorly laid out. If you want something not on the buffet eg an omelette I'm not sure what you would do...  There's a little shop but the woman at the counter is more concerned that something will be stolen than anything else.   At the Asian restaurant on the top the views of London are good but the food is average and prices high especially considering the portion sizes.   The pool is good and the executive lounge is ok but the staff a bit surly.  The whole place is more of a wasted opportunity than the flagship hotel it could and…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,comfort base for city touring,"not my first time in this hotel .. and  advatgages won over disadvatdages again. vrey busy hotel, lobby looks and sound like a train station! rooms are comfortable, breakfast buffet very rich and tasty. located just accross the tube station, but neighbourhood around is not pleasant .",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Corporate needs to check it's standards,"As a business traveler I have certain expectations when I see ""Hilton"". This is undeserving of the brand name. Customer service is non existent. Even when I advised a manager of an issue, nothing was done to rectify it or compensate me. Location is alright, but if you are a woman traveling alone or with a group of other women reconsider walking back to your hotel from the palace,eye, Piccadilly, Regent st areas at night.  ",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, but less space and amenities","I would have given 4 STARs for this hotel but for its price.  For the price they charged, amenities they provided were quite average.  No complimentary breakfast and cramped rooms (more cramped than Tokyo hotels).  I did not even have space to keep the iron board.   Internet was not complimentary - even after I paid a hefty charge for the internet, the quality was poor.  it was slow and signals were dropping quite a bit.   Staff can be little more courteous - I just wanted to know directions to starbucks (which is 1 block away from the hotel) -all were directing me to concierge desk without even attempting to hear my question.   Otherwise, its a good property.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4855-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dorchester experience on a Holiday Inn Budget!!!,"Having worked in the music industry for over 8 years, touring with a number of A-list artist and staying in some of the worlds most prestige hotels, I have to say my stay at this hotel from August 7th – 9th 2014 was one of the best and most memorable yet.  I found all staff from the reception staff, room service and breakfast staff very friendly and keen to help.  Upon check in I was greeted by the assistant operations manager Kris and a receptionist called Nizreen who managed to find me a comfortable, 21st floor room at an unbeatable London rate, considering the season and the fact the hotel was almost sold out.  My 2 nights sleep was peaceful and undisturbed even though the hotel was buzzing with an energetic atmosphere one could expect in London City.   Thanks guys and I look…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
4845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Technology failing and poor service.,"I had to go up to London for an interview for my US visa. This hotel was a fair price within walking distance of the US embassy. From the outside it looked pretty standard, it wasn't until I was inside did the facade of an ok hotel go down the hole.   According to the staff their ""system was down"" which meant the entire checking in procedure was being done by sweaty humans in their Hilton uniforms. I got to the hotel at 3:30 pm half an hour after check in had opened, I queued for an entire hour before getting to the desk. The whole procedure was drawn out taking hours for people to be issued keys. I was told that the hotel would call me when my key was ready. I decided to sit in the hotel bar, I ordered a drink which was overpriced but this is London so I wasn't surprised. I…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton? Really? Don't wake up PHERON!!!,"Despite the buzz around the Hilton franchise, and DESPITE THE EXPENSIVE price tag, we were thoroughly disappointed with this location in almost every aspect: cons: 1) there are so called ""traps"" in the room and the room leaves you without a fridge due to those ""traps"": there are warnings around the hotel including one on the fridge that cries: ""IF YOU TOUCH ANYTHING HERE, YOUR ROOM WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY CHARGED. DO NOT PUT ANYTHING IN THIS FRIDGE, DO NOT MOVE ANYTHING""... Really? Is that a prudent way of making money? Banking on people's mistake ... I felt like I went to a pyramid and if I had touched a coke bottle, I'd suddenly wake up Pheron.  2) I was quite offended by the receptionist who borderline hinted that I didn't know how to check-in to a hotel... I've checked in over…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worth every penny,"This isn't a big Hotel in London, this is Titanic out of the sea and parked near everything you want and need.  The best place to stay with a 5 star staff to receive you.  The room was nice and very cosy, always clean and with a great view of the London Eye.   I'll be back. ",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"I know London is cramped, but this went a bit far!","Girly weekend with my sister. Location was fine - near the tube station, but be aware of the busy traffic outside.  Was disappointed by the size of the room. If paid to upgrade and it was smaller than student halls! Two single beds you could just about get around and a desk and that's about it. Hmm.  Breakfast was lovely though. Lots of good food and great service. Very American, but that's not a slight at all.   Pool etc was fine. Nice and quiet - at least until we got there!  Overall: ok, if you don't mind paying through the nose for a teeny tiny space. ",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4860-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good quality, well located","Stayed here a couple of times and on both occasions it's been a positive experience. Rooms are good (satyed in Exec room - excellent and Deluxe room - smaller, but better view), clean, comfortable and reasonable quiet (given the location).  Check-in and out was busy on both accasions. Not the staff's fault - all the desks are open and they were being as efficient as pssible. Seemed like every guest was making a special request of trying to renegotiate the rate. Also breakfast was chaos. I think they get a lot of tour parties, who all want to eat at the same time and there's not enough capacity. I often saw queue's of people at 8am. My suggestion is to get in early. Location is great - 5 minute walk from Paddington, Edgeware Road station is 2 minutes away, so easy to get around.…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't go there!!,"Check-in/Check-out  - I had a reservation voucher and the receptionist didn't even know how this works and he asked me how did I get it.  Room location/type - I can't believe we requested a double bed and I got 2 twin bed, so I couldn't sleep with my partner and the location of the room was terrible. Opposite a wall.   Noise (outside/hallway noise/construction/etc) - the fridge was so noise that I had to disconnected the plug as if not I wouldn't be able to sleep  Hotel amenities (pool/hot tub/fitness room/laundry/etc) - was the worst experience ever, full of people and it should be a cap, you can't put 20 people in a pool of 10, also terrible experience with some Arabs looking my lady and one of them seemed using a phone to take a video or something, when I realized I looked at…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
4851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Had to negotiate at service desk,"I made reservations through Hotwire. At the front desk they said I had two twin beds seperated. I told them I asked for a double bed. They said I needed to pay 20 pounds a day (5 days) in order to get a room with a double bed. I argued and finally got what I had paid for. I heard the same story being told on both sides. They're out to milk customers. Watch it. Cleaning service left a towel on bed twice after fixing the room. What air conditionner? On all night, noisy. Exit service was really slow. 25 minutes is unacceptable. Room was quiet.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really disappointing stay!,"Upon arrival the queue for check in was ridiculously long. We waited around half an hour only do be told that we needed to fill in a card first and the queue there was just to collect room keys! We filled in the card and then were told that our room wasn't ready and wouldn't be ready for around 3 hours (it was around 3.30pm at this stage) due to computer issues. The staff were trying their best but we couldn't wait as we were in London for the Eminem gig so had to get ready in the toilet by the bar so we could go out. When we got back we had to wait for another 10-15 minutes because they couldn't find our key. When we finally did get in the room it wasn't the usual standard and was very dated, tired and a bit grubby. At checkout the next day I was told I needed to pay and I…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Spacious room!!,"I stayed here with my young daughter,my sister and her twin girls.on arrival the reception were very helpful and as we were early they would hold our baggage for us until we could check in from 3pm. We returned at 3.30 and the room wasn't quite ready, the lady was very apologetic and we waited a further 20mins which was no bother as we went for a drink in the bar and the helpful staff gave the children free crisps! We wondered what our room would be like with 5 of us in there! To our amazement it was huge!! Two double beds and a double sofa bed! Two TV's a desk area and good size bathroom! Brilliant for our needs! Breakfast was also good, huge variety which suited us all, no complaints from us! We did receive a bill saying we had purchased a film in room but we hadn't and when…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4865-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel and service, pity of not working compueter system","Stayed here for a weekend with 2 friends. Arrived by myself early on Friday afternoon. Couldn't check in because the system was down. Left my luggage and came back at 5pm. Very long lines and when I wanted to register, it turned out I couldn't because the reservation was in my friends name. Although my name was also registered at the time of registration, they could only give a room key to the person who was going to pay... Got a courtesy drink, but still had to wait 2,5 hours for my friends to arrive before we got a room. First we got a room with 1 bed (doesn't fit 3 persons), but when we got back from dinner we had a nice room with two double beds. Not enough towels for 3 though. The room was very nicely decorated, spacious and had great beds. The rest of the weekend was…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Normal Hilton,"Stayed here for one night with kids.  Booked a family room, pleasantly surprised with the room. 2 double beds and 1 double sofa bed.  Large room with good aircon, 2 TVs.  Room had been well used and slightly scuffed etc. but one would expect that with a family room. Pool was ok, quite hot.  One quibble, pool staff kept telling all the kids off for throwing balls and small floats in the pool, but the balls and floats belonged to the pool and were there to be used!! Breakfast was good, large selection and free as gold members. We ate dinner and that was very good, Special Middle Eastern menu was very tasty. Hotel is a 4 minute walk from Edgware Rd tube or about 6 mins from Paddington.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
4856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average hotel,We stayed here for 2 nights.  Overall it was  an average hotel. On the 2nd night the fire alarm went off at 12:15am....everyone evacuated but there wasn't  any communication between hotel staff and the 100 people standing in pajamas outside.   The buffet breakfast was really good. It was just super crowded and the staff seemed to have a bit of trouble keeping up with the demand.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Should have been better !,"Stayed on a Saturday night & it was bedlam. Long queues to check in .. Even the HHonors desk. The lobby area was swamped & some parents ignored their screaming children. The lady who checked us in (Zandra) was excellent & did everything she could to make our stay special but our room was disappointing & in desperate need of updating. The bed & mattress badly need replacing. The executive lounge was very busy & we were disappointed to find that there were many children in there at 8.30pm when the rules say they must leave by 6pm. The man on duty was not interested !  Although we had been given a room on the ""quiet side"" we got no sleep due to ""chanting"" youths outside in cars playing loud music & car horns sounding. Very unpleasant .. We left early & went home to get some sleep !",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,How much?!!!!,"Luckily I was staying for a business meeting and didn't have to pay or else I'd have been asking for my money back. Granted I chose a smoking room so I could be on the same floor as my colleagues but really, the room stunk, was right next to the main road, the air con may as well have been heating. The decor was tired, the room tiny and the breakfast nothing special given the astronomical price. The service on check in was amazing, the lady gave us a 10/10 experience. The Magic staff also lovely and couldn't do enough to help. Breakfast waiting on staff however were rude, shoving past guests, forgetting to ask us what drinks we wanted and generally not bothered. Would not like to stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4870-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but very intimidating neighbourhood!,"We booked a Family Suite in the Hilton London Metropole to serve as our base for a 2 day London visit with the family.  Whilst the room exceeded our expectations with regards to space, equipment (2 double queen beds, 2 TVs, a sofa 7 chair) and fittings (nice bathroom), the same can't be said about everything else.  The check-in process took ages (at 1.30pm on a Thursday)... we probably queue/waited for about 25mn. Of all the check-in desks, 3 were operational! When we did eventually make it to the check-in desk we were told our room was not available until 3pm... though a little hissy-fit later, it was available straight-away?!?!? Explain that!  As our room was on the sixth floor west wing we had to travel all the way to the far side of the hotel. Though we didn't use any of the…",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
4860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Quiet and good location!,We were starting a tour and stayed for one night.  It was quiet and the location was easy to reach from the Underground. (Edgware Station).  The room was small but beds were comfortable.  The breakfast the next morning was excellent.  A great variety of items.,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired and grubby,"If you can get yourself on a higher floor than around 15 chances are you'll have a better experience (but only slightly).  Book a 'Standard' room for approx £140 a night and the liklihood is you'll be met with mouldy windows & door frames (in the bathroom), peeling paintwork on the window sills, bathroom doors bowing with the moisture and a carpet that you def won't want to walk on in bare feet.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Staff great, everything else poor","Great location, recently refuted but straining under the pressure.  Check in takes ages, hilton honours or not.  Some rooms good, some definitely not.   Bar ok but takes ages when busy - not enough staff.  Wifi ridiculously slow for a business hotel.  Sorted out it would be great, please get these relatively small points fixed.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
4863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Slowest check in ,"All that investment in the hotel, and repeatedly it breaks records for slow check in at this hotel.  8 check in counters - what's the point.  Management please monitor the queues and sort this out.   Otherwise it's a good hotel.  Good location close to Tubes and parks. Not too stuffy but quite modern.  Rooms are very warm. Dunno what's going ",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4875-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Waited 9 HOURS to get our room key.,"We stayed at the Hilton Metropole London on the 11th July. Of course, this was supposed to be an exciting stay as we had tickets to go and see Eminem at Wembley. Unfortunately, this hotel left me with nothing but a bad taste. Check in was at 3pm, which was not a problem as we had plenty of time to explore the city before hand and we only wanted to check in and freshen up for the concert as we'd been travelling since 6am. At 2:50pm we filled out a registration form in order to 'speed up' the check-in process so that, ideally, at 3pm we would just be able to pick up the key with no fuss. However at 3pm, it seemed that the whole hotel was told the same and the queue filled the entire lobby and even reached the bar area. The staff informed us that the system was down but, having…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Eminem concert 11/7/14,"First time in London to treat my teenage daughter to  EMINEM ( 11th July 2014 ).....I wasn't even sure how to get anywhere from London Gatwick.... Once arrived at the Hilton ( 2pm ) we were told no checking in until 3 pm, to which I said fair enough. 3pm on the dot CHAOS is on: Computer systems down queues and queues of people!!?? Joined the queue to apparently register....than was sent to another queue to collect the room key??? 4.30pm still no key or room, orange juice was offered with some kind of cake bites .. 1/2 hour to go for WEMBLEY doors to open for the so WAITED for EMINEM CONCERT.....and still no sight of our room. 5.00 pm no room and the reception is still CHAOS......decided to leave with my daughter, having to find our way to Wembley stadium( first time in London )…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Big conference hotel with pool, near underground","We chose this hotel because we got it at a fair price and it has a pool, which the children always enjoy.  The hotel is large and the rooms are comfortable, as you would expect from Hilton.  It's located near a tube station, making travel easy, and it has a good breakfast.  The proximity to Edgware Rd gives you plenty of (exotic) dining options.  If you are looking for personal service and an intimate, authentic London experience, go elsewhere.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great View!","This was our first trip to London, from the US, and it was fantastic! The room was a decent size, and from what I had read about London that is hard to find. We had a king room, for 6 nights, on the 21st floor with a perfect view of the London city skyline. The majority of the staff were very pleasant, and customer focused especially one manager, Ellen. I was very pleased with my hotel selection as it was only 1 block from a tube station, and the M & S store is across the street, which has everything you need. Advice: Check all travel sites for a better price, bring multiple power converters!",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The most uncomfortable bed and pillow imaginable,"We stayed at the Hilton Metropole London on 29 July 2014 having paid £135 for a twin room. This turned out to be tiny, smelling of smoke, with tired décor and furnished with the most uncomfortable beds I have ever encountered. The pillows were lumpy, the aircon sounded like a jet engine and the beds were too short (I'm 1.71m and my feet were right at the end, my husband is 1.83m and was frankly dangling off). Simply not good enough for an international hotel chain that claims to be 3-4 star",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4880-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fair customer service accompanied by nice staff and rooms,"I stayed there twice before and I have always enjoyed my stay, Staff are very nice and welcoming, Rooms are large and bedding is very comfortable and nice. the location of the hotel is really good and within walking distance to the amenities, the interior design of the hotel is amazing. I do suggest this hotel to who wants to have a unique experience of London City centre or for business. Their conference facilities if absolutely brilliant.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
4870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and worn,"This hotel has a good location next to Marble Arch and Oxford Street, but was not able to inspire any excitement in me. The staff were professionally polite, but not warmly welcoming.  My room was pretty standard, but the bathroom was very worn. Paint came off and the shower was almost blocked completely by lime (calcium carbonate). I could never get the water quite hot, either. A colleague of mine told me at breakfast he had a knock on the door from a prostitute that same morning, who had gone to the wrong room. Although the misunderstanding was quickly resolved, it was not the best way to start his day. Breakfast was very good, though. Good selection og warm and cold foods. I paid 220 pounds for one night, which I find shamefully expensive even with a good location and big…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
4871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sooo Disapointed,"Booked here as was impressed by the great reviews.(big mistake). Arrived on friday morning and was very impressed by the lobby and reception. Well that's where it ends. Our room was on 22'nd floor which i must admit gives not too bad views. The room however is a different matter. The window's haven't seen a paint brush in quiet some time. they were chipped, discoloured paint work with a bit of mould. The furniture is shabby and out dated. The towel rail in the bathroom was hanging of the wall. All this may not sound too bad but when your paying Hilton prices you expect better. I did mention this in person to a snotty receptionist , but nothing was done. Had breakfast 1 morning as we were going to Ascot. What a shambles !!. The food was stone cold and the breakfast room was over…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Could Do Better,"PROS: Good location from landmarks, museums and theaters using the Tube, friendly and multi-lingual staff, just right across a Marks & Spencer store, great breakfast buffet. CONS: VERY HOT rooms during summer and you can't do anything about it, 50 channels on TV but 40 of them have no signal, they do not provide for wash cloths even, lines build up most of the time at the reception that it takes forever to solve an issue, very crowded lobby like a mall. In conclusion, this Hilton hotel is really subpar with its overseas counterparts. I'm really surprised it's a ""Hilton"".",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointing - Poor Start to Stay,I arrived in London from the States at 6:30 am on a Saturday.  My visit to England was to assist my elderly in-laws following my father-in-law taking a bad fall and breaking his hip. I booked a room in London for the evening to be able to get a good night's rest and get on London time prior to going to my in-laws home on Sunday.    The front desk staff at the Hilton London Metropole were very attentive and allowed me to check into the room before noon.  I was very appreciative.  At first glance the room was nice and newly refurbished and best of all the air con was on and working wonderfully.  I took a shower and then met up with family for the day followed by dinner and a show.  When I arrived back to my room it was about midnight.  Because the temperature was great - I was…,Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4885-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large hotel with boutique hotel hospitality and feel,It is rare to find a chain hotel with such a genuinely warm and friendly welcome - especially when that hotel has over 1000 rooms and is in London. Its location is no longer particularly convenient for me but I keep coming back because I always feel comfortable and welcome there,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor for the money,"I have stayed here about 4 times and have never been massively impressed, but this most recent visit shows that the hotel has taken even more of a downward turn.  As mentioned in a previous review, it is STILL too hot and the ancient air con system has very little effect.  There are no biscuits on the tea tray, not enough toiletries are provided and in other similarly priced hotels (£179 a night) slippers and dressing gowns are often provided, not so in this hotel.  Other disappointments include very few UK channels on the TV, no ice machines and, in our room, a shower which did not stay in position so had to be hand held.  For the money this is a really disappointing hotel which must be surviving on its loyalty program and which needs to buck its ideas up.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never there again!!!,"The reception staff was rude and sarcastic even to our children, the check-in was delayed because of workload of housecleaners, the glasses and cups were odourous & the plates were dirty! In check-out we were informed that they had already charged the credit card that we had used to book the rooms, while we had told them since our check-in that we would like to charge another credit card. They seemed very unwilling to do the change, eventhough it was their fault!!!",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Trip ruined,"Me and my partner came to london to see eminem for her 21st birthday we arrived at the hilton pretty much exactly 3pm the time of check-in. Once arriving outside the hotel we could see a queue of people snaking round the whole lobby, we stood in this for 2 hours before near enough getting to the front when a concierge appeared telling us to fill out a form as the computer systems were down so basically stood in the queue for nothing, then she basically told us to get out and go for a walk with our cases and come back in another 2 hours, came back to another half an hour line to then have to stand at the desk for another 45 minutes for them to find my name basically they hadn't done a single thing with the form I filled in, we had to rush getting a shower and change of clothes to…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Very Nice Hotel in a Good Location,"We just completed a very enjoyable weekend stay at the Hilton Metropole. No wait checking in. Rudra was friendly, welcomed us and helped set us up in a nice room so that we could drop our bags. The positive aspects of the hotel -- it has many amenities, including a fitness facility, and bars and eating establishments. The staff is very helpful and offers assistance without being asked. The location is very good for accessing the Edgware Road Tube stop and just a couple of blocks from Paddington Station for a ride on the Heathrow Express, but the street doesn't have the same rough feel that some do directly around the station. It's only about a 15 minute walk to Hyde Park. Internet worked fine. The shower worked fine with good water pressure. The negatives are not really…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4890-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,not what you would expect of a Hilton Hotel,"Situated in the busy part of Kensington and part of the Hilton chain.   This was a pre-night of a Group Travelling around the UK. Travelling as a single with 2 others, we were allotted our rooms – mine a very small twin and my friends was to be a twin – first mistake a double!. Said they had no other rooms available so we swapped. Front desk staff didn’t seem very interested in helping, especially when we had paid top dollar for this accommodation as it was the recommended pre-night stay before our tour started.  Maintenance in both rooms is needed. I received a scheduled wake-up call- my friends did not receive theirs. Bathrooms would have to be the smallest I have ever encountered in my many years of travelling.   This hotel, while their open space and public areas are large…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful,The alarm goes off constantly. The rooms are abysmal. The food dire. The rates high. Not a Hilton by any stretch of the imagination. Do not stay here. You have been warned. The hygiene is very questionable. Complaints are ignored. Even with Hilton honours you are irrelevant.,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,1st class,"after reading some bad reviews here i started 2nd guessing my choice.... anyways here goes, we arrived kinda early (11 am) so we just wanted to leave our bags and check in later but to our surprise they had a room ready so that was really nice to rest a bit after the journey. the room was a good size for a couple ,big comfy bed and little place to sit , shower was nice clean and pretty new , A/C was awesome it was very hot in london and this was the only place i could really cool off...  the only 2 downfalls i can think of were the view (inner city) and the tv (not big enough) but who cares its london I didnt come for the view/TV.... breakfast was great they had a small selection of food but most of it was great and for my liking. the best thing about this hotel is it's location…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing!!!,"First impressions, nice reception area and bars but it went downhill from there. Had to wait ages to check in, there were different queues & people pushing in and the staff kept disappearing. The lady that served us wasn't very friendly, she was probably fed up with the amount of times she had to repeat the same dialogue to customers. Anyway when we got to our 'king deluxe' room we were shocked, it was tiny, dirty and very smelly!! We immediately went back to the long queue and asked for another room. This time we spoke to a gentleman who was very pleasant and he did give us another room on a different floor. This room was larger but again it was smelly (like fish, or bad drainage!). We decided that all rooms must smell, so we gave up and kept this room. It was better than the…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very good location, decent rooms & service","Stayed a few times and overall is one of the best value hiltons if booked on a deal. You may hate the basic room but the executive room usually works well. Plus you get free minibar and visits to executive lounge for additional two guests as well so may be better value depending on your eating and drinking habits and preferences. The drinks and food in the lounge are good quality. I actually managed to book a ten day stay by booking two weekend discount stays and paying separately for the days in between. The hotel staff  allowed me to change over my booking from a regular ten day to the discounted version without leaving the executive lounge! Bear in mind the discount stays, I booked on the Hilton website and the days in between were direct in the hotel. Great flexibilty to…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
4884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4895-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Newly renovated....i don't think so!,"We booked this hotel as reading that the hotel was given, and i quote 'an expansive renovation'. Expansive would tend to suggest they might have at least done some renovation to at least a few rooms? Ermm well no, the rooms have not been touched. Infact....the rooms are extremley dated. Noise travels from neighbouring rooms, no air con, scruffy, dated furniture....i could go on. So what has been renovated? Well the reception area, which is very plush and great for the 5 minutes that you spend in it whilst checking in....but not much use when you have to trod off to the so called 'hilton standard' room for 5 nights. I left after my 3rd night. Hilton you need to seriously look at the guest rooms here. Very below par indeed. Location for paddington is very good.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Nice,"We stayed in this hotel at the end of July. A very clean, versatile hotel. Public transport close by with plenty of shops/restaurants to choose from and not far from everything. We had breakfast included and we were all impressed with the selection and quality. My only fault would be the price of the car park for guests, a discounted price for people staying here would of been good. All in all I would recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to standards,"The Hilton Metropole in London is showing the signs of time. Rooms have old furniture, certain bathrooms are even worse. I stayed there twice in June 2014 and found out that the executive rooms are even noisier and older than the standard rooms. I found a little nut in the entrance corner of the room and that nut remained there for my entire staying (ten nights).  Breakfast is very standard, and sometimes the waiters are too junior to remember where the orders should go. We ate once at the top-restaurant, spectacular view and excellent food. Unfortunately, it seems as you are having dinner in a restaurant of the seventies as the furniture has not been refurbished since then.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,big hot busy,"Stayed here recently, expecting a big busy central london hotel, this was exactly that. Interesting that some reviewers dont like the location, I like the variety of edgeware snd a short walk down to marble arch as well. The reception area downstairs is pretty impressive, lots of marble and big flowers. Rooms are the opposite, tired, smelly, and a/c didnt work, though helpfully pfovided with a fan. It seems like the rooms are in the process of being refurbished but not sure who gets these nice rooms...",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,very bad staff and rooms,"i don't recommend this hotel the staff so bad and not helpful except some 1 or 2 i met also the rooms smell so bad &the AC terrible actually there is no AC only Fan ,noise place .the location only good.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4900-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Did everything well,"Only stayed one night on business. Couldn't fault anything.   Room was bigger than expected, staff efficient and smiley. Breakfast was very nice.  Can't really comment on the places nearby as didn't get a chance to go out but seemed lively enough and tube very close.  Good vfm for the location.  Would stay again",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Run down, old, not nice","I stayed in this hotel for a conference, also happening at this hotel. It is big for European standards, but quality varies a lot between rooms and the place is in urgent need for refurbishment. Because of its size and meeting rooms, and being in London, it is a unique place. But it is now at the limits of its age. I got a room in the tower, 6th floor, facing a terrace with AC machines and exhaustion pipes. The air quality in my room was below poor. There were plumbing issues. And the Internet connection was very poor as well. Breakfast was good. Bar was nice. Everything else: below expectations.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A good holiday.,"Stayed here for 5 nights from 21/07/14 which we booked through Expedia. We booked a room with two queen beds and a sofa bed as there were 5 of us. On checking in we found that Expedia had got the booking wrong but the manager on the desk at the time was brilliant and sorted out the problem immediately and compensating us for the inconvenience. The room was lovely and clean on arrival and was cleaned daily to a high standard. Breakfast, although very busy was nice. My only complaint was the price of the drinks in the bar, which were very expensive. Overall a very pleasant stay.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very nice hotel, good location!","I am often in London on business, and this Hilton is very convenient. If you are coming in from Heathrow, the Heathrow Express run express to London Padington in 15 minutes, and the hotel is one London Underground stop away from Paddington at Edgeward Road. The hotel has great access: there is a London Underground station (actaully, two of them) outside the hotel, giving you access to three different London Underground lines. Also, there are two supermarkets outside the hotel, a Waitrose's and a Sainbury's, and the latter has late night opening hours; and a hotel shop and ATM in the hotel obby area. The pool and fitnees room are nice and adequate.  As with all London hotel, the rooms are generally smaller than rooms in other Hilton's on the continent, and in the USA and Asia.…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This is a Hilton?,"The lobby has been cleaned up since my last stay, but putting gold ear rings on a pig still makes it a pig.  The rooms are tired and need to be renovated, desperately.  The furniture is worn and the wifi is weak, even after you pay for it.  To make matters worse, there's still the random bell ringing that goes on outside.  It sounds like a fire alam and rings at random intervals 24 hours a day.  I asked the bell hop when waiting for a taxi and he had no idea what it was.  Conclusion: the location is great, but that's where it stops.  There's a new budget hotel across the street that I'll try next time.",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4905-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel!  Not great location.,"The rooms were fine and relaxing. Better than my current mattress. The Concierges were helpful. The restaurant Fiamma has amazing waiters that taught me a magic trick. Although, the location was off. Yeah the hotel had two nearby Tube stations, but no sights. The nearest sight is Madame Tussuads which is about a 20 min. walk .",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great for families…have rooms that accommodate 5 people!,"After searching for hours for a hotel that accommodated more than 3 people, I finally happened upon this hotel.  The rooms were spacious and clean (in my experience…my brother who stayed there at the same time had a terrible experience)  I was happy with the location, it was across the street from a tube station.  It had many different restaurants around it so we had a lot of options to choose from.  The price was quite reasonable for London standards.  Wifi is limited to a small space in the extensive lobby.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"I arrived tired and jet lagged with my children on Monday, 7/14 and had the pleasure of Rudra checking us in to the hotel. He was warm and welcoming and made sure to get us directly into a room, even though we had arrived several hours before the 4 o'clock check in time. He helped my children get wi-fi access and they were very happy about that. He set the tone for a lovely two day stay at the hotel - our room was clean and well appointed, and we really enjoyed the breakfast buffet. Great location close to public transportation. An overall wonderful visit!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, ideally located.","Stayed with my wife and 2 young daughters in a very spacious and comfortable family room, whilst using the hotel as a base for doing the usual London attractions. The amenities at the hotel were very adequate, with fitness centre and swimming pool used a couple of times by my wife. The famous Hilton breakfast was superb and generally all round the staff couldn't do enough to help Business or pleasure the hotel is ideally located within a stones throw of the nearest underground, alternatively cabs to the West End are reasonable due to the short distance.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Super Fast Check and Really Helpful Staff,"Everything about the Hilton was great. I was pleasantly surprised when my room was ready much earlier than I expected and I was able to check in. I had also left behind some items when I checked out. I called to retrieve it and they were still there, which the staff kindly retrieved for me.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4910-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, bad hotel","The location can't be beat, but price for value is terrible.  The lobby feels like an airport check in gate, and the rooms leave a lot to be desired.  Also, there's a loud bell that keeps ringing at random times and no one can explain what it means.  If you're staying on the Harbet road side (small street away from Edgware road) you'll probably hear it, if not be woken up by it.  What is that bell and why can't it be stopped?  Conclusion:  Better hotels for the money within walking distance.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,very good hotel,"Hilton Metropole has a great location, the breakfast is very good. he has a swimming pool and small fitness club. the staff service is excellent. the room was fully equipped and very very clean. you can buy from the concierge ticket for London eye and Madame Tussaud. the hotel is 5 minutes from Paddington railway station and 2 minutes from the underground.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,How did they get the Hilton name?,"We stayed at the Hilton Metropole because we got a good deal. The good: Breakfast was great and location was convenient. Connected by several tube lines and a short stroll to Paddington station, but not really close enough to walk to Westminster Abbey, Parliament etc.  The Bad: We stayed in the old Tower. The room size was o.k. , but the carpet was full of spots and the furniture falling apart. The closet doors were hanging at a slant, a handle for the closet was missing, the door hinges of the bathroom door were rusted and the caulk in the bathroom moldy in places. I travel a lot and stay in many hotels domestic and internationally and I have never seen a Hilton room in that bad of shape (nor any other hotel brand in that category). After asking for another room, I was shown…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy hotel used by Globus tour groups and airline personnel so you know its good,"We stayed 3 nights - a weekend- at this Hilton hotel, as part of our Globus tour package. This Hilton is located very close to the Edgware Tube station where we used the Jubilee tube line during our free time to get us quickly to the sights in central London. Besides its convenient location, this hotel has everything a visitor could want. The rooms were spacious with comfy king sized bed, lovely selection of toiletries, modern bathroom with tub and separate shower, robe and slippers, in-room safe, but free in-room wifi only for those with a Hilton Gold Honors membership card. The A/C made the room very comfortable while the hallway outside, which was not A/C, was warm and stuffy. There were many elevators which gave fast service between the room and the lobby. Our room rate…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A slight let-down in London,"I stayed here for a little over a week during a business trip. I was in the main tower, which looked like it hadn't been updated in at least a couple of decades. I would rate everything about the hotel as average and sadly there were no exciting perks. The gym is ok, but very small for a conference hotel that can hold 3,000. The food options at the hotel were average, but there are a few cafes and stores nearby to supplement. My room also had very very poor wifi reception which was a problem for a business trip. I heard numerous reports about the faulty wifi so I don't think this was unique to my room. On the positive side, it is very well situated near the tube and close enough to Hyde Park if you want to take a stroll or jog to it.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4915-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location trumps service and amenities,"My second stay in 4 years confirmed my earlier observations; the Metropole has a great location...and that's about it.  It's a sad indictment of many ""big city"" business-targeted hotels that the theme of great location, good lobby, average room will encourage repeat visits and higher occupancy. Unfortunately, there comes a time when I'm prepared to walk an extra 100m to the office to stay at a residence that *acknowledges me with warmth and appreciation on arrival, *provides a room without chipped paint, stained floor coverings, scratched fittings, *has functioning AC  The Hilton Met appears to be fixated on offering a great location and hoping geography and a slick lobby will mask the need to update the property...especially at THIS price point.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,poor level of staffing at reception,"A regular at the hotel, however over the last few stays I have noticed the time waiting for check in and check out is becoming laborious. The attention to customers should not change, and the staff do an excellent job once you reach the desk. however there are always free desks that are not opened to accomodate increasing queues. I will give it another few weeks and hope this improves as in my mind this does not match up to the equivalent competition due to this failing.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, nice rooms","Stayed here with family on a Saturday night, 2nd room half price for the children which is a good Hilton deal. Check in took a long time - quite a queue and some people pushing in at the Hilton Honors Desk - the check in staff confirmed my Gold VIP benefits e.g. complimentary internet, exec lounge access and free breakfast in the main restaurant.   As it was the weekend, there was plenty of free on street parking in the surrounding streets.   The rooms have probably been refurbished since I last stayed here - everything was in good working order - 13th floor superior room with views over West and North London. My rooms were in the West Tower. It was a very hot weekend and the AC in the rooms was up to the task.   Breakfast in the main restaurant was fine - basic but OK. Service…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The worst hotel,By far the worst hotel i've ever been into   I've stayed there for 6 days and requested a connected rooms The connected door was broken i asked them couple of times to fix it none of them came to fix it during my six day stay  The fire alarm started @5 am in one of the days and they had to evacuate us all !! It was 5 am and 2 degrees outside we loved on the 8th floor so we had to climb down 8 stories ! And we were outside a man told us its a false alarm go back to your rooms  When we were back in the hotel all the elevators were full because everyone was trying to back up to their rooms !  And the next day the hang an apology paper on the elevator  This happened 2 times during my stay  Back to the rooms The rooms furniture was so old and bad ! The beds move as you roll during…,Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
4908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What to do when the computer breaks down?,"Always ensure that you have either a fault tolerant system and a robust back-up plan when everything else fails. On the afternoon of the 10th July 2014 the Hilton London Metropole hotel had neither of these!  It took hours to get a room allocated, no facilities to freshen-up prior to my social event - horrible experience!!",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4920-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, great service","We had a great experience with this hotel. It was a great value and well appointed. Breakfast was included which was very helpful. It was very busy so it is a popular place. It is very close to the ""Tube"" so that was helpful and a good location overall.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,excellent restaurant,well organized and friendly hotel. I was impressed by the manager of the restaurant. Very kind and helpful. I think his name was Anaksagorou Agathos! congratulations once more for the hospitality. The hotel must reward guys like him!,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Get an executive room,Staff where extremely helpful and welcoming to us as gold members.   We where offered a complimentary upgrade to an executive room which we would be happy to pay for next time.  The staff couldn't have been any more helpful at check-in and gave tips of local restaurants.   Like many London hotels it seems you get what you pay for and some of the reviews are critical of small rooms as some of the cheaper ones can be very small in London.  However the hotel seems solid.  Personally I had zero reason to complain.  Some areas of the hotel where needing a bit of love with peeling wallpaper or damaged carpet.  However I understand that allot of refurbishment work is in progress.   We where very happy with the executive Room.  It was spacious and comfortable for London.  Bed was a…,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large corporate style hotel,"The Hilton Metropole is a large hotel comprising several wings. Be aware that the rooms vary markedly in decor between the wings. The West Wing is the newest and includes modern decor with proper temperature controlled air conditioning. The East Wing has the more expensive Executive Rooms and will probably where you will end up if you are upgraded. They are however more dated, showing more wear and tear with stained carpets and air conditioning that struggled to get the temperature below 23 degrees.  On my most recent stay, and possibly last stay for some time, the hot water system failed miserably. Whilst problems like this can happen anywhere, what sets a hotel apart is how the staff deal with problems and in this respect the staff went through the motions but did not show a…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fab views from 22nd Floor but Otherwise Fairly Average Really,"We stayed for 2 nights in a Deluxe King Room that had been booked by our daughter who's business trip was cancelled. We were unimpressed to be charged a further £25 per night because 2 of us were using the room instead of one, bringing the cost to a tad under £200 per night for what was a small room with a big bed albeit on the 22nd floor. The toilet had several pubic hairs on the floor and the toilet bowl had used paper in it which didn't feel like the best of starts in what is supposed to be a good quality hotel. The mini bar contained a bottle of ""tonic"" that on opening was actually rancid stagnant water that clearly some previous occupant had opened and refilled. Not the hotels fault but waiting nearly 15 minutes for room service to replace it was a tad frustrating at nearly…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4925-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overpriced Hilton,"STayed for the second time purely due to the hotel's location. Being a Hilton Honors Gold member the staff looked to upgrade me on check in but couldn't find a room. As I was only in for one night i didnt care but when I saw the room i had been given i was surprised. A tiny wee place, at the very end of the corridors on the 11th floor. The bathroom was pretty poor, tap came off in my hand, lots of mold, damaged door. Then there was a hole in the wall in the room and a dearth of electrical sockets. For the £200+ paid, and my honors status, i expected more. Hotel bars and restaurants are lifeless and and unappealing. Breakfast was as expected. Decent choice and quality but a bit of a scrum, especially with 100 covers expected to use a single toaster, and single pair of bread…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,A great stay at this hotel although we were made to pay a deposit of 50 pounds on the room for two nights which we were unaware off. The room for four was lovely and spatious and the beds were comfortable the hotel was lovely and clean and so was our room,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Some you win and some you lose,It is probably now three years since we last stayed in a Hilton Hotel and it will probably be even longer before we stay again. The room was on the 10th floor but so small and cramped that it is hard to believe that qualifies as a four star. The work station was non existent with no power points unless you discounted the clock and the light. Impossible to read instructions for the safe because there was no light.  Bathroom was so small that if you turned a circle you could use all the facilities at once.  Breakfast was like a kindergarten party. But we did try the restaurant one night and it was excellent. The staff were really attentive and the food was excellent. Pity that a bottle of wine costs the same amount as the meal for two. London has many great hotels (all expensive)…,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay,We have stayed at this hotel on several trips to London  this time for 5 nights.  It is relatively well located and within walking distance to many local attractions and across the street from the underground station. The room we were given was nice but a little cramped for a family of four. The safe in our room did not work even after being repaired on two occasions so we had to change rooms after two days.  On our fourth night the fire alarm went off at 3 am and again at 6 am due to a faulty alarm system.  No apologies were made by the hotel for the inconvenice caused for having to evacuate our tenth floor room and walking down the ten flights of stairs to get out of the hotel still in our pajamas holding our passports etc. If you stay here you should include the breakfast…,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel. Chaotic breakfast,"Managed to get lost on my way to to my room, but when I finally found it was well appointed and comfortable. The hotel was very busy, and the breakfast experience was a bit more like a school dinging hall than a hotel. Nevertheless, apart from the crowds it was pretty good.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4930-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst check in experience ever,"Computer system not working, absolute chaos in reception. waited 2 and a half hours for the room, (some had waited 5 hours). Staff were in disarray, no system or ideas of how to manage the problem efficiently. Poor communication.",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Chaos when things are not running correctly,"Hotel looked good, but the staff deeply let it down as they were rude.  The system was down so the hotel asked guests to fill in manual registration forms inc card details, only to then be left around the hotel in view of other customers.   Took 6 hours for room to be available and the room was nice and clean.  The whole checking in system was diabolical and marred our trip.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Without words,"The hotel in front of Edgware station and is modern and nice. When we arrived, there was nobody at the reception checking in so we did it very quickly with Sergio. He is very kind and he gave us very usefull tips. Then, we went to the room(superior) and was very comfortable and wide. It's a very good option for being in London.👍👍👍",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,inept management,"Poor hotel, computers were not working and dozens of people standing in line with no one telling us what was going on.  Rooms have thin wall so be aware the neighbors will be listening.  The place was crowed and the breakfast buffet was a train wreck.  losts of things unavailable",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,DONT STAY HERE !!!!!!,Was told at checkout after 45 minute queue!! system down-to go away and come back in a couple of hours. This at 6pm having just arrived off a plane from Malaga with 2 small kids . Given a room with a bed that creaked so badly even hotel staff members were apalled but nothing else available. Room was 50 foot from construction site that started first thing on Saturday AND Sunday morning. Next morning after no sleep then told no hot water. Manager was too busy to talk to anyone and a number of staff members were downright rude. Dont touch this place with a barge pole as there are much nicer hotels in locality !!! actually any hotel would have been nicer !! or even a park bench in Hyde Park. weekend ruined,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4935-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great experience, great location","We selected this hotel in spite of a number of poor reviews and had a great experience.  First, the location in convenient to a number of metro stops (Edgeware Road stop is a minute away) and a short walk to Marble Arch and Hyde Park.  The street is busy but some nice quiet restaurants and pubs can be found off the side streets.  The hotel itself is large and our check-in was quick since we used the Hilton Honors line.  Here is the tip to a great experience-be sure to request a room in the West Tower.  We were put in the East Tower our first night and our king room was tiny and worn.  The next night, we moved to a king room in the West Tower and then spent four nights in the Supreme Queen Family room with our children, also in the West Tower.  These rooms were spacious and…",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too inconsistent to be a good hotel,I've stayed at this hotel over 50 times and get a completely different experience each time. I'm a diamond member and rarely get upgraded to very nice rooms despite my regular stays and sometimes don't get upgraded at all. The staff on the front desk do their best but checking in is a long experience.   The breakfast buffet is just manic even at 0630 in the morning although the selection is good. The exec lounge is pretty good for breakfast but gets quite busy.  Note they don't let children in the exec lounge after 1700 which is inconsistent with other properties   Rooms are very variable. The rooms in the west wing are the new ones that have been refurbished. The east and tower wings are old and the air conditioning is pretty poor in these rooms.    Room service is pretty good.…,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Well below the ""Hilton"" standard","I have  chosen this hotel purely for the proximity to the venue I was attending but it looks like Hilton now lives of it's reputation... nothing else!! Queue to check in, queue to check out. Room.. really below the standard I would expect from Hilton, there was a cloud of dust on furniture which makes me think that the room wasn't used for a while, yet in the bathroom there were ""remainings"" of previous occupants - so might not even been cleaned just sheets changed!! Whole room actually... hmm... smelled, indicating draining problems? How do you get rid of the smell if you cannot open the window? Two teabags, no water.. Bed, big and comfortable, room big enough for two but could do with a good scrub. Another thing I could not get over was the fact that they are CHARGING for…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Won't return,"Spent two nights over the weekend, two twin rooms used. Rooms definitely very tired and in need of refurbishment , agree with previous comments regarding the computer system failure over that particular weekend. A/C in one if the rooms (1123) very noisy, complained x3 and maintenance never appeared! Other room too hot! Staff were ok but service very slow, concierge very helpful when I lost my heathrow express ticket and suggested I emailed him it and he would print it out for me which was fantastic. Pool small and not much room for swimmers and splashing children combined!  Standard hilton breakfast as you would expect, very long wait for coffee the first morning as waitress was too busy speaking in her native Spanish to a Spanish family, nice, but not great for everyone else…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient but value/money not good,"Next to two underground stations and Paddington (10 min walk). Not what expected taking into account other Hilton hotels regarding room condition, maintenance, lobby, breakfast. Very expensive for what it provides.  I paid 400 euros per night for a family room and the internet was extra 15 euros per day which is not good service; it should have been in the price for such an expensive stay. Staff was friendly and if there was an issue it was resolved immediately. The person at the information desk wore a suit that needed sewing, the lapel was worn.  I think for a Hilton these little details should be mentioned.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4940-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy hotel in a great location let down by small tired rooms,"I often stay in London & use Hilton more than any other chain but had never before used this hotel. I had read some good reviews so I was looking forward to my stay for a Saturday & Sunday in June.  First off the hotel is in a great location - walking distance from Paddington & Marble Arch / Hyde Park / Oxford Street. If you don't fancy the walk there is an underground station opposite & bus stops right outside.  Upon entering the hotel I was very impressed - the lobby & reception areas are spacious, modern & clean. It really does give the impression of quality hotel.   I booked a family room & expected to get a fairly spacious room as I have had with family rooms at other Hilton's & other hotel chains.   Well I could not have been more disappointed, what I got was a long narrow…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst ever Hilton,"I visted Hilton with my best friend and booked an executive twin room for two nights. We reached at 16:30 in the evening.  After standing in the queue for more than half an hour we were told to sit in the lounge, buy our drinks and come back after 2 hours to get the keys.   When we came back at 21:30 it was queue for another half an hour to get the keys. Finally 5 hours after arrival we got the room keys. And its not an exaggeration !!  Twin beds in the room were no where close to the size shown in the pictures on the website for executive twin rooms.   Air conditioning didn't work. It was hot all night. You can't even open the windows.   Room cleaning services started to knock at the door at 9 in the morning.   At the time of check out another 30 minutes in the queue wasn't…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We are glad that we choose this hotel. We saved a lot of money staying here. First from the airport you take the heathrow express train that take you to Paddington station in 15 minutes, you save time and money on taxi that with the traffic is going to cost you a fortune and a lot waste of time. As soon as you get at Paddington you make a left and walk for 4 minutes and there is the hotel and in the corner you also have another underground station Edware road in which you could take the yellow line and the green line or the brown. The best way to see London is take the map of the hop on hop off buses and look which station are near to the the attraction and take the underground and walk. If you buy the oyster card you will save time at money as well. Trust me we are a family of…",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,So so for a Hilton,Overall a decent place to stay. Not the best location.Hospital nearby means lots of ambulance/police sirens at all times.If you like ethnic/Arab food great otherwise Kensington would be a better choice.,Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What a joke,"Having stayed in this hotel before could not believe the drop in standards to bring it on a par with cheap 2 star hotels.  Arrival - A 20 minute wait to get to the desk and then half an hour to check in!!!! The guy on reception could not even find my reservation!!!!  The room - dirty towels which hadn't been changed, ice bucket half full of warm water and a shower head that didn't fit in the holder meaning that as you put the shower on it just span around. Ever tried taking a shower whilst holding the shower head with one hand.  All these were reported which resulted in an empty ice bucket being dumped in our room, the same with towels and the shower head not being fixed!!!!  On returning to our room at 11.30 pm the air conditioning was not working which made the nights sleep…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4945-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrendous,"Arrived at 2pm for check in granted it's big enough to see from far down edgeware road so you can't miss it , lucky for us All systems are down and we arrive to a huge que of angry arrivals we eventually checked in at 7pm for such a huge brand I find this incredible and needless to say we will not be returning - on a positive out room wAs clean and in order on co were in however we were awoken at 7am by the maid despite the do not desturb sign hung on our door as we were both exhausted after such a long day , we did get a commentary bottle of wine but tbh it just didn't cut it and we left it in our room after we collapsed on the bed after our shower - we also missed our friends wedding which we had come down for in the first place !!",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Over an hour to check in,"I've stayed at the Metropole several times previously, but on this occasionit transpired their systems were down and the check in was shambolic. On arrival I was faced with long check in queues and no information from staff on what was going on. The fact that their systems were down only became apparent as information was passed down the line from one frustrated guest to another. With an event to attend in the evening and a tight turn-round time, I was keen to shower and get changed for the evening. When I eventually managed to speak to a member of staff, they helpfully suggested I go to the gym to shower and change. However, when I got to the gym, I was told I could shower but that I wouldn't be able to take my carry-on hand luggage containing my clothes into the changing…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too big and not enough staff,"This hotel is huge and over a large site. This causes real problems for guests as whilst there are lots of check in desks in the various wings, only the main desk is used, and it is crazy busy. This was not helped by a computer system failure which lasted 3 days and left a large number of angry guests unable to check-in and waiting over 4 hours to get checked-in.  It is a very modern hotel, clean rooms, great location. Easy to get to Paddington main railway and Edgware Road tube (Bakerloo and Circle lines) - very easy trip to the West End of London for the shows.  Brilliant breakfast, but go early as the large volume of guests overwhelms the staff between 8 and 9:30am.   Leaving bags was hit and miss, with some staff quite ambivalent to guests, and some amazing. There is a real…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good if you've got a deal price.,"I got a good price for a double bed room and for the money, our stay was a good one. The hotel had a problem with their computers and it took many guests around 2-3 hours to check in. We were lucky we waited less than an hour and got an okay room, quite basic, but for the money I had paid it was fine. Staff was helpful and doing their bests to solve this situation, however, the hotel could've been a bit more considerate to the guest as no amenities, discounts, a drink at the bar or vouchers were offered to guests that had waited for hours to get a room. I would stay there again if I got a good deal and if I needed to stay in that area, but if you have to pay above 150 pounds for a night, then you might want to go somewhere else.",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton that I stayed in,"1. Check in extremely slow  Came by in the afternoon and saw tens of people in the line. Dropped back (helpful concierge people) and came back 10:30PM. Still loads of people in the line - and staff spends at least 10 minutes on average to check people in. They seem to have a fun time chatting with checking-in customers with no regard of how many people are still waiting in the line. After all, they work for a certain number of hours not how many customers they served. The lady before me must have asked 100 questions about all the best places in London - and she could have been referred to the concierge?  2. Tired room - as a gold member I am supposed to get a 'better room' (and was told as such at check in) but here I arrive in a room that is not refurbished since 1980s - I am…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4950-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,AVOID!!!! >> You have been warned!,"This is the worst hotel I have EVER stayed in and will NEVER return.  Where do I start.... 1. It took OVER 2 HOURS to check-in. I'm an HHonors gold member & will consider cancelling my Hilton membership after this. 2. Once I received the keycard it DIDN'T work, which meant yet more delay & AN ADDITIONAL  90 minute wait at reception (NEARLY 4hrs to CHECK IN???)! Don't get me started on the rude reception & security staff, Or the manager who thought by smiling & being obnoxious at 1am would make things alright? > how about apologising? My evening was completely MESSED UP,  & missing a planned evening out with friends. 3. The paid for Executive room was atrociously sub-standard; dirty sheets, dirty carpet, degraded furnishings, flaky paint, dripping shower (all night), & a locked &…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Experience Ever,We booked a twin roof for a company reunion which started at 6pm. Arrived at 13.00 told the computer is down come back at 15.00. Returned at 16.00 large queue in reception waited two hours to get to the front of the line and complete paper check in. Then the receptionist disappeared for half an hour and said we had to wait for keys we told him NO and he found keys but when we got to the room it was a double not a twin which we had booked.  My friend went back to reception and was told they did not know what rooms had been allocated to come back at 22.30. She returned to be told still no rooms. Eventually at midnight we were given a twin room the air cond was useless and the room was next to the elevator mechanism we never slept all night.  When I went to check out I was asked if…,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Ask for a new, clean room.","Upon arriving in London on a Globus tour, this is the first hotel where we stayed and I must say, it ruined my first impression. I can't even tell you what the lobby looked like because the dirty room and ugly neighborhood overshadowed my memory of it.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,wonderful  hotel,"GOOD MORNING, we have been in this hotel one week ago, with our Family, the hotel is a wonderful and confortable site, the breakfast was very complete , all foods  were very particolaries , all people that worked in hotel was kindly, nice, but trhee receptionist, mr. Brando, and two Misses Giulia and Giulia, were  lovely and exceptionally. The spa and swimming pool were Little but Perfect. our room was clean and confortable , it was in a new part of the hotel, was King site de luxe on seven Floor .   Location was near the downtown , the underground station was in front of hotel. we love this hotel in LONDON. FAM. Angeli Guadalupi.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,When it goes wrong it goes spectacularly wrong ,I gave it 2 stars because the staff tried their hardest in an almost impossible situation.  Gold star to my partner who whilst in London with her daughter phoned mi in advance to warn of problems.  Credit to the staff who allowed her to check me in and made my wait minimal.  Credit to those left with hundreds of unhappy customers who did their best.  I was in a room in the Tower and it was old and tired and not worth the money. However it was bearable and I was there only one night.  The Doubletree at Westminster is better from the same stable. citizen M have it right.  Top marks to the man at the bar when we arrived after 11 who organised a plate of food for us. He laughed and made sure we were fed!! Good man.   The IT system was down for 3 days. I imagine there will be…,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4955-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Allow 2-5 hours for Check-in.,Hotels computers are still down after 3 days. Check-in takes 3-5 hours. Luggage storage& claim is broken. Services take a back seat to labor-intensive check-in. WiFi does not work in Al areas . Rio many people waiting in restaurant and bar to use them.,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid this hotel like the plague!,"The hotel computers are down and have been down for 3 days now. Don't expect to get credit for your Hilton Honors for your stay here because their computer cannot update it. Therefore even though we arrived at 1:30 we were unable to check in until 5:05. But we could not get to the room until 6 o'clock, because it took 20 minutes to get our bags and 1 of the room keys they gave us did not work. It is impossible to get assistance for anything at the front desk for there is constantly a 1 to 2 hour line out there. Evidently there contingency plan needs to be refined, for they should be able to check someone in in less than 2 hours. Most guests have to go through that ridiculously long line 2 or 3 times before they can check in. The first time when you get to the front of the line…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst check-in ever...and didn't get much better after that.,"We waited over two hours to check in, as did everyone else. Apparently the hotel's computer system was down. Their contingency plan was to have each guest fill out a registration form, which they would then take to the back room where a manager would use the ONE working computer to assign a room and issue a key about 30 minutes later. Oh, but while we were waiting, the staff was bringing around juice and potato chips. Seriously?!? At that point, they should have been handing out free drinks from the bar!  When we finally got to our room, we discovered that one of our keys didn't work, we had a room with barely enough space to turn around in, twin beds, and a lovely view of a wall.  There was still food in the minibar from the previous guest. Normally we would have asked for a…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton I have ever stayed in,"I am a Hilton Diamond traveler. The computer system here crashed three days ago and it is still not fixed. they have no idea who is here, how long anyone is staying, or where anyone is. My colleague's room key did not work and it took them an hour to give him a new one because they had no record of his having checked it. The check-in lines are the longest I have ever seen. They did not clean my room yesterday and this afternoon they knocked on my door and asked me if I was staying until tomorrow and whether I needed the room cleaned. After two days of working, the internet system stopped working and when I finally got through to support at BT, they told me that several guests were having this problem here. When I got back to my room after dinner at 8:30 my laundry had not been…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Conference,"The hotel lobby is absolutely gorgeous and it appears it retains some of its former (or reproduction) glamour in other places in the hotel as well however, I have a number of comments from my visit to a conference yesterday:  1) The hotel is generally confusing, despite having a map (because it is so large) it is hard to establish where things are as the map just has numbers showing you on a picture where you are to be and no other description. There is limited signage so it is hard to find the restrooms etc. The concierge was nowhere to be found!  2) The ladies restroom on -1 is shabby and the carpet has been patched with tape by the door! The whole place needs refreshing  3) The hallways had paint and paper chipped  On the plus side:  1) It is really easy to find and in a…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4960-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Abominable. I truly can't believe people rate this hotel highly.,"Where to begin?   I paid £240 for a so-called ""luxury"" class room for one night on a business visit to London. My experience was horrific. It was my first, and will be my last, visit to a Hilton-brand hotel.  • The queuing times were very long. I waited a total of 25-30 minutes in queues just to check in. My room wasn't ready upon the first attempt at check-in so I had to come back later.  • The whole hotel - except the modern lobby which acts as a facade - is in horrible condition. It looks like it was refurbished a few decades ago (and probably was). There's paint and wallpaper peeling everywhere - in the corridors, around the elevators, on all the doors (especially the corridor access doors), and especially in the rooms.   • The rooms were equally terrible. They smelled bad.…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A nightmare,"This Hotel is a huge Supermarket or Airport Hall......There a queue everywere even to go to the bathroom, 25 minutes this morning to access to the breakfast...rooms are  old and noisy.......I will never stay again in this hotel.....",None,1.0
4951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Abysmal is right,"We arrived for a 3 day weekend and the hotel immediately got off on the wrong foot.  We got into the Hilton honors line where there was no one in front of us. There was a decent line for standard check-in and another desk agent came out to lend a hand. She immediately called someone from the standard line as opposed to acknowledging the Hilton honors guest.  I can wait an extra three minutes so no big deal. Given we had just landed from an overnight flight and spent the entire day touring London we were exhausted when we got back to our room. Not only was the air conditioning not functioning correctly, upon showering the room was filled with a burning rubber smell.  Nevertheless, the entire family passed out for a good nights sleep only to be jolted awake at 3 AM by a screeching…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
4952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Metropole, great hotel!",Myself and my brothers booked a family room and were in town for a concert at Hyde Park. Location is great and hotel room was very modern and spacious. This hotel was excellant value for money and the swim and steam room was appreciated after a few sore heads the following morning.,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"I checked in for a long weekend and the service was good. The room was bigger than a typical London room. The hotel is fairly central, approximately 15 minutes brisk walk to Hyde Park. Both Edgware Road stations are only a few minutes away and Paddington station is 5 minutes away.   The restaurant on the top floor is fantastic, with incredible views and top notch service. The hotel is located in a very vibrant and multi-cultural part of London, with lots of Lebanese cafes nearby.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
4954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4965-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel!!,"Its a very big hotel compared to what we are used to in London, good space in the rooms, we'll cleaned and comfortable to stay the night. It's not the best location but it's good and with the good metro service in London you can get anywhere. The service is good. The only thing is that there is no wi-fi in the rooms you need to get to a public area.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Abysmal. You are not this hotel's problem.,"Never have I stayed at a hotel and been treated with as much contempt as my experience at this hotel over the weekend of 4th-6th July 2014.  Arrived on the Friday evening and checked in. The room was nothing special but seemed adequate at first. Then the heat hits you. Faulty air conditioning and windows that cannot be opened.  Several phone calls to reception using the internal phone went unanswered, additional calls using the external phone number also went unanswered.  A walk to the lobby to enquire if the air conditioning could be fixed was met with a statement by the security guard that no one was available to talk to us unless we were prepared to wait 20 minutes at the checkin desk again (the duty manager was sitting in full view less than two meters away).  At this point…",None,1.0
4956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This Hilton Good Do Better,"We stayed here for 2 nights mixing a business trip with a family treat to see some sights and a show.  Why we selected this hotel:  Location Car parking Hilton brand Family Room  Booking and check in was very quick and we managed to get allocated a room early which we requested prior to our arrival. The car parking was underneath the hotel which was a plus.    We had breakfast which was very nice which was located near the main lobby.  The room was on the 11th floor of west wing, it was clean and had a view of London (although not the best parts of London).  Lina from the hotel had organised some balloons and cakes for a birthday celebration which was a lovely touch.   After a very busy first day we had dinner in the hotel restaurant. The food and service was excellent.  Sadly…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
4957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent service and careness.,We were staying at the Hilton Metropole in London for 4 nights with our grandchild that hurt his foot badly 2 days before the tour. He needed a wheelchair to move around and a strong antibiotic medicine to fight the infection. Unfortunately the housekeeping maid threw away the medicine and the bandages by mistake and we've found out that we don't have antibiotics and bandages to dress his foot late at night. The duty manager Kris took responsibility to help. He sent his assistant to the pharmacy  to get bandages and cheesecloth and the very next morning he took us to the hospital to get the prescription for the antibiotics. He did not leave until he was sure that everything was settled although it was away behind his shift. I can only praise the way Kris and all the staff…,Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
4958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,Perfectly clean and nice hotel. Good location. No issues whatsoever. Rooms were good and the bathroom was nice. Got a good night sleep. The entrance way and bars were very nice. Staff were friendly and checked us in and out quickly. ,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4970-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nightmare at the Metropole,"My nightmare started from the point of checking in . The front of desk manager did the honours but demonstrated his lack of customer service from the start. My guests were led to believe they were sharing their individual rooms with me which was clearly not true. Although I was the lead client Gold member I got the worse room from my party , smallest , no large towels , poor room service when reported the towel issue it took 30 minutes to get me a towel which was to late as i was going out so had to make good with hand towels (not good) no complimentart drinks which should be part of my service (gold member) no apologies for poor service when reported & no interest in my complaint. No recognition of the fact i was using crutches to get around especially when i went toi breakfast…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
4960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid if staying longer,"While the location of the hotel continues to be its largest drawcard, any extended stay becomes disappointing as the service levels drop exponentially from check-in.  I spent 11 nights at this property during early June 2014 and would recommend no more than 2 -3 night stays as it seems that is their forte and niche clientele.  Hilton Honors membership means nothing at this hotel, so dont expect any recognition.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location - but renovations spoiled the visit,"This is a good location -- but when I visited the renovations going on spoiled the visit -- from the chaotic check-in to the limited space in the lobby -- rooms are an average size - bathroom is good too. Not sure what was happening in the Executive Lounge but there were always out of food -- breakfast, afternoon tea, snacks -- always empty plates -- no attention from the lounge staff to what was happening around them. The internet access was a nightmare too -- the staff blamed it on the remodeling, but ... who knows.  Make sure they're remodeled before you venture to stay",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
4962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mostly nice,"Stayed here with my two sons. The room was clean, rooms comfortable. Breakfast was not good, huge lines and way too crowded for a nice relaxed breakfast. I used room service which brought us dinner and it was quite good food.  Service at lobby and concierge was good. Location good.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What a dump:  this place could do with a refit,"Did the hotel meet the Hilton promise went the questionnaire!  I think only in price.  The place thrived on queues, the room was shabby and lacked accessible power sockets.  And they made a mistake over the pre-booked and paid for room - and then took an age to put the over-charign right at the end of the stay.  Breakfast room was cramped - I only used it once and that was once too often for a mediocre choice.  I could go on, but you've got the message!",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4975-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what you'd expect for a Hilton,Stated here for New Year to celebrate NYE and the room was horrendous! Back end of building with no lights two single beds and a smoking room which obviously stunk!!! Small rooms with old deco! Main reception area is fine but rooms are old and VERY grubby!! Wouldnt stay again neither would i expect this from a Hilton. Location was good.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
4965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just average,"I stay here probably at least once a month .. Why?location is perfect for my office.  To be honest that's really my main reason... Rooms are ok, some rooms have been redecorated ... But there are a lot which have not.  It's basic, it's very very large, so can be impersonal.    Good bars .. But are expensive.  Good room service.    Good restaurants (Thai restaurant is very nice)   I get really frustrated as a gold hilton honor member.. Small things matter to me ... 9 times out of 10 bottled water etc is Missing ",None,3.0
4966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,not our kind of place,"this hotel is a cattle market - long queues and no staff.  the saving grace was a member of staff who contacted the manger and we were checked in via the exec lounge where the staff were super.  but there were no staff on reception downstairs and there were long queues.  didn't use the dining room but noticed very long queues for breakfast.  room smelt of stale cigarettes, it was noisy - air con and street noise.  not to be recommended",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
4967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, pleasant experience","I had a great time at Hilton Metropole London in June 2014. The hotel is located on Edgware and Praed, about 8 minutes walk from Paddington railway station, right at the centre of things.   The hotel is large and had sufficient space for our 3000-plus delegates who were participants to the event that I was attending, even though there were over 250+ distinct parallel sessions during the 5-day event.   The room that stayed in (West Lobby) was on the 10th floor, giving me a great view of the city around through the large window (most of the wall). The room was reasonable-sized and very clean. The toilet supplies were rather sparse (just shampoo, conditioner and moisturizer) . There was a coffee maker, but I'd actually call it just a water heater (I do miss the proper coffeemaker…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,return visit,"returned for about my 6th visit to this hotel nice to see that they have recently renovated their lobby area, giving it a very modern look the rooms are allways clean; one of the best  london hotel breakfasts and freindly and well trained staff",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4980-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location but Average Rooms,"My experience with Hilton Metropole was mixed, may be because I got the room in the East wing which is slightly older then Tower/West Wing. Room was small, carpet wasn't clean spots all around but hygienically no issues in the room. WiFi signals were perfect, no complimentary water bottles (strange) and have to pay for ordinary breakfast.  The main plus point of this hotel is centrally located, its on the junction of Praed Road and Edgware Road, walking distance from Paddington station, so you can take Heathrow express to Paddington and just walk to the hotel. Staff was super cool and supportive. Over all not a bad stay at all.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good hotel, great concierge service","Stayed for 5 nights at the Hilton London Metropole on business.  First time staying at this Hilton location.  Very good hotel at as reasonable price as you'll find in central London.    Excellent Sports Bar for watching the World Cup.  Unfortunately, I watched England get eliminated with a large, but quiet, crowd of locals and visitors.  My room was small by comparison with most Hilton locations, but my view was spectacular with all the major historic sites - from Big Ben to the Thames to the Tower.  All the amenities and service you'd expect at a Hilton, but truly exceptional concierge service.  Prior to my arrival, a simple email to the concierge and all my arrangements and reservations were made.    If you enjoy walking, this is an ideal location.  Several of my meetings were…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Better than average for London,"The hotel staff were very courteous.  I may have a better opinion of this hotel than most because they upgraded us so we wouldn't have to wait for our room. Our room was on the 2nd floor and was very pleasant, large room and clean. There was a beautiful gym and the bar near the top has a beautiful view of the city...although you will pay a bit extra for drinks to do that. Staff were pleasant and efficient.  We had a bus tour through the UK and most of the hotels were fine, but, this was one of the nicer hotels we were in. Lots to see and do in the area.  Interesting building behind the Metropole....with a huge pond or canal in the centre.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,BED BUGS!!!,"I stayed at this hotel last weekend with my family and we were initially pleasantly surprised by the size of the rooms and the views on the 10th floor. As my children got ready for bed, my 5-year old daughter shouted that there was a bug on the bed. I thought it would be something innocuous, but when I took a closer look I was appalled to find what looked like a bed bug on the sheet. A quick Google search for pictures of bed bugs on my phone confirmed it, so I called room service to complain and ask to be moved.  After a while we were taken to a new room on the 12th floor that was much smaller than the first room. Moreover, when we pulled back the bed covers there were a pair of large black stains on the sheets! I was now really quite annoyed and I asked to speak to the manager,…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
4973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,New renovated look,"Been stayed here many times. This time, I visited after almost a year and was impressed to see the hotel after the recent renovation. Lobby looks really elegant. Staff is helpful as usual. Location is no doubt as very close to Paddington station",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4985-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing!,"We had high expectations when we booked the Hilton, however we found that it was very basic. The rooms for tiny, and bathroom had very basic toiletries, they did not even have a shower cap! I have stayed in better 3 star hotels. On arrival, there was also a big queue at reception, we ended up waiting awhile to check in and check out.  Only good thing is the location, tube station across the road. Not worth the money (we paid £125 for a shabby room) as its not luxury at all!!!",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Challenged to See How This Remains A Hilton,"This hotel masquerades as a world-class convention-style facility. Not.  The structure reminds me of a hutch used to raise rabbits when I was a lad and a scout; small little rooms, zigging here and zagging there, seemingly built a few rooms at a time without a plan. This lot seem not to understand that wifi is an essential service in the travel trade these days. The wifi service is worse than what one enjoys in downtown Paramaribo. And they seem to think having universal power ports is a major service; you make a refundable downpayment for an adapter plug that in smaller hotels just round the road is standard in rooms of better quality that cost far less.  The housekeeping is iffy to poor. The first room I got the carpet was so soiled that I requested a change. The second one…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another Brilliant Stay,Just returned from another excellent stay we arrived at 1.45pm and were allocated a room straight away in the west wing it was very spacious with a large floor to ceiling window and two queen size beds which were very comfortable excellent decorative order and  could not have asked for more the service in the Executive Lounge is nothing short of exceptional very attentive welcoming friendly staff and cannot wait to return.,Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
4977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location is its best selling point,"At check-in there was a queue at the gold/plat desk so I was actually called down to another section of the counter. I was quickly helped.   I booked a King Deluxe Room. At check-in I was told I had been upgraded to a Queen Superior Room. Per the website it is true that Superior Rooms are better than Deluxe Rooms - larger. My upgraded room was in the West towers which are a bit of a walk from main reception. This does cut noise of reception down, but it is a farther walk with your luggage - about 100 paces from the tower/east lifts to the west lifts.   I used to live in London right around here and I can tell you that if you are going for a view of the London Eye et al., the view you want is to the east of this location. In this hotel that translates to needing to be in the east…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location in the heart of London,"The hotel is in a great location in the heart of London. Some really nice pubs and restaurants in easy walking from the hotel. Get yourself lost down the side roads and you will find some great hidden gems, such as The Victoria, which is a very quaint slice of tradition. If you are sightseeing, then walk no more than 20-30 mins and you are on Oxford Street, where the worlds best known stores meet in order for you to shop your little heart out... Walk a little further and Buckingham Palace rises up to greet you  Thai restaurant on the top floor was a superb find and I would highly recommend. Not the cheapest place on earth but the food wont disappoint    The only Con I found was I drove into London on business.. yes, I know, schoolboy error! The hotel car park is beneath the…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4990-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The jury is still out,"This hotel seems difficult to review as there is no consistency. I went there for a week-long conference and was warned upfront that the rooms were crappy beyond imagination : the carpet was dirty, some rooms had tubes in front of the window, everything was worn-out, etc ...  Nothing of all that when I got my room.  The room was very spacious with 2 queen size beds, a desk to work at and a small comfy chair with a little (round) glass table.  At the desk their are 4 electricity plugs, 2 English, one European and one American.  Enough to get your devices charged on condition you have the right plugs. The carpet on the floor was very clean and clearly recently replaced.  The location is fine, close to Hyde park and there are plenty of affordable restaurants in the neighbourhood.  …",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice facilities,"This is a nice Hilton with all of the facilities and amenities you would expect by this chain of hotels.  It is a very large hotel with different wings.  The breakfast is very good, lots to choose from, both English and American style food.  The pool is very nice as is the workout area.  The room was very large, equal to any American room hilton size.  The room was clean and modern.  The area was not a cutesy, London center area, but it's only steps from the underground station to get to those areas.  No problem with our stay at all.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,perfect location,stayed at this hotel for a quick business trip to london ideally situated within walking distance from paddington station by which it can be reached directly from heathrow airport location is ideal as both the metropole/edgeware road underground station and paddington stationare within the area and suited me fine to get around london situated at the top end of edgeware road and there was good activities and eating establishments especially  the middle eastern variety offering both fast food and sit down overall a good hotel and breakfast was included but they generally offered traditional english menu which was good for me as i was always in a rush in the mornings,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beware of this Hotel,"My wife and I stayed at the Hilton London Metropol for five nights in May.  I am a gold Hilton Honors member which you might have thought was worth something.  I booked three of our nights as rewards nights and paid for the last two.  We had great expectations, having had a great stay at the hotel in 2012.  However, the first room that we were given looked more like a detention holding cell.  I immediately complained and was given a second room that was not much better.  After complaining for a second time we were final given a very small room that met our minimum requirements, not at all what you would expect at a Hilton.  We were promised a better room the last two days of our stay, however because of the hassle of moving to a new room we decided to make the best of it for the…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
4983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It's a business hotel / hotel for large groups!,"The Hilton London Metropole is located close to the Paddington train station (about a 10 minute walk) and 2 mins from the Edgware Road Tube station. Edgware Road is a major throughfare in this side of the city, very busy, with lots of road traffic. Edgware road is spotted with small shops and stores and lot of middle eastern restaurants, bars, and stores (like a mixed commercial / residential neighborhood in the big metropolitans). The hotel itself is huge and that's why it's preferred for large business conferences and large groups of travelers (i.e., conducted tour groups). Buses go up and down the side street (Praed)! My room in the West Wing of the hotel on a higher floor was large and spacious by London standards and very quiet (minimum traffic and external noise). The…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
4984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or4995-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location and nice room, depending on what you select","Took my family to london for the week and stayed at this property.  I am a Hilton Honors member so I knew what to expect.  My room (double queen) was very nice and quite large for London.  My daughter's King room was nice but smaller.  The kids double twin room tiny but not unexpected.  Checkin was VERY slow.  Transort from Heathrow that I had arranged with concierge never showed but wasnt there fault and I was not charged for the ultimate late pickup.  Housekeeping did a GREAT job in maintaining our rooms.  Concierge gave great recommendations for local restaurants.  Sports bar was nice to have, especially as it was World Cup opening week.  The hotel location is right across from the Underrground station which was great.  Would stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,You know what you get,"Visiting London and choosing a hotel is difficult – Old Fashioned British hotels can be unpleasant surprise ( wooden cracking floors no hot water and so forth) that is why years ago I decided to book  an American chain and I chose the Hilton and specifically the Metropole – no surprises !!  rooms are international standards and vary according to size but  Yes they all have AC – service is great – English breakfast is outstanding , they even have a small pool and a gym. The hotel is very centrally located – walking distance from Paddington with direct connection with the Heathrow Express and just opposite Edgware road tube station . Yes the hotel is huge – but , it doesn’t feel so !",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
4986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel....but busy,I stayed here many times but switched to the tower bridge Hilton a few years ago. I decided to go back last month after their refurbishment and just for a change and was quickly reminded of why I switched. The queue and time it took to check in was frustrating even as a Gold member.The breakfast mirrored this the sheer volume of people it was like a market. taking that aside the refurbishment is very classy with large spacious rooms ( the Twin double queen Deluxe) excellently decorated this is a nice hotel just a bit too busy for me.,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK,"Stayed for ten nights in April.  The foyer, reception and restaurants are all first class.  The rooms however leave a lot to be desired.  I had the 'pleasure' of staying in an unrenovated lower floor room for the first five nights.  The floor was a construction site, workmen, ladders, power tools, sawdust you name it, it was there. The hotel was full so we had to wait to be moved. We eventually got to a 22nd floor renovated superior room.  I could hardly tell the difference except for the new carpet. The saving grace for this hotel was the staff.  They were brilliant under very trying circumstances.  Good location, close to Paddington and Edgeware Rd tube staions. Plenty of coffee shops and cafes and a Marks and Spencers across the road.  A ten minute walk to Oxford St and Hyde…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
4988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just as I expected,"I stayed here for 7 nights as part of the London50 ICANN meeting which had over 3300 attendees. The corridors were congested, the lobby was full, the bars were packed and it all worked well.  From the moment I arrived I found the staff to be available, helpful, professional, responsive and genuine (i.e they always smiled back). From the doorman to the maid. My room was spacious and had everything I could expect. Everything worked, I did not have any questions other than where is the ""make up the room"" tag. The man who checks the room is cleaned explained to me that they are monitoring when I leave, and it was true, whenever Ieft my room (at varying times in the morning), when I returned it was made up. It's no boutique, but it is what you would expect.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5000-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good choice for London Sightseeing,We have stayed here now 5 times over the past number of years. It can be a bit pricey so we always keep an eye out for when offers are available. We have never had any problems with this hotel and have always found the staff to be very pleasant. The hotel itself is perfectly positioned right across the road from 2 tube stations on Edgeware road. Will definitely return,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
4990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,What a Dump!,"My husband and I attended a conference and this was the hotel selected (and paid for) by his company. The first room we were put in was SO smoky that we didn't even make it more than a foot into the room before we turned around to go back downstairs and ask for a different room. The walls in the hallways are scuffed and bumped and look as though they haven't had a coat of paint in ten years or more. The carpets are dingy in the hallways, and the smell is either moldy or smoky or something - but it is pretty bad.   The second room we were put in still smelled like stale smoke, but we decided to cut our losses and drop our stuff to go find some dinner. The windows were bolted shut so we couldn't have any fresh air, but the loud sounds of the highway outside were not diminished by…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
4991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location and service,"One of the first hotels booked with a tour group. Was greeted by the Concierge wearing a top hat which was a nice surprise! Very nice and friendly staff. Check in was painless, though we had to wait about 30 extra minutes for our room which was not ready.  The breakfast was tasty with a variety of choices.Rooms were clean and up to date. The only draw back was the electrical outlets which were not compatiable at all with american hair stylers, such as hair straighteners. Even when using the universal adapter it was pointless.  A great plus was the location of the underground railways. We had tickets to the Apollo Victoria Theatre and took the tube, getting there in 15 minutes without delay! Overall a very comfortable stay with friendly staff.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel Stay,"Very dated for the cost of the stay in the rooms,  Bed very uncomfortable and broken.   The areas downstairs, reception, bars dining were lovely, but room disappointing.  And at premier Price Expected a lot more.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
4993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient but pricey,"This was the third time at this hotel over 5 years.  It's convenient to paddington station for quick access to LHR but since it is central london, the room rate is always pretty pricey ($259 and up).  Public space is modern as are the rooms, even though they are quite small.  The wired internet did not work in my room so i had to use the wi-fi which is limited to one device at a time, at the steep fee of 11.99/day.  If you want a central location near paddington and Edgware road, it's a good choice.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5005-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Convenient Location,Excellent location close to Oxford street and within walking distance to Hyde Park.  very good breakfast. The rooms were OK. Having the Globustours office in the Lobby was very convenient.  Plenty of restaurants nearby offering a great variety of cuisine.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
4995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Loved the breakfest, but not the best location","Spent three nights here with a couple of friends, we had a spacious room with two kingsize beds. Really good roomservice and an amazing view from the room, but the location is not the best. The tube station is close, but central parts of London is not to by walking distance.   Loved the breakfest!",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
4996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location great but rooms tired,This is a good hotel esp if taking the express from Heathrow. Its about 5mins walk from Paddington Station. Tube station just round the corner and lots of decent eating places around. Short walk to Marble Arch and Oxford St. However rooms need refurbishment. Overall not bad for a hotel in Europe. ,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
4997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a true representation of Hilton quality..,"This hotel was average at best. We have stayed in countless Hilton hotels throughout the world - and are proud 'Diamond members' - but this one doesn't meet the expectations we had hoped. The rooms had barely been refurbished and they obviously cut many corners in the process, especially in the bathroom. The TV rarely worked, and I had to have a service man come up twice to repair. You can't contact the front desk directly, you have to go via Housekeeping/Room service where they then ask you for your message or concern before connecting you or relaying your message. Typically our experience at Hilton hotels is much smoother than this.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
4998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,How is this a Hilton,"OMG this is such a disappointment.   Desperate for a refurb the whole place feels tired.   Staff are great, but the pool and gym are not up to Hilton standard. The restaurants are below par.  Executive lounge is great with very friendly staff.  Don't try and use the HHonors special lines, they are slower than the Standard lines.   Great location with access to tube and Heathrow Express in walking distance.   The whole place just feels like a hotchpotch.   Nothing connects to anything else, there are multiple lift banks and the conference rooms are spread across three buildings that don't connect well.   Not sure if this is a Hilton owned or franchised hotel - but it is embarrassing for the brand.   The budget Tune Hotel down the road looks nicer than this. ",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
4999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5010-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very average Hilton in good location,"Unimpressed with this Hilton, rooms need updating. It is showing its age with very old bathrooms with tiny showers and faulty shower door in my room meant the water going all over the floor. The rooms were however quite large with comfortable beds and good size flat screen tv's. Check-in was very busy and I waited about 20 mins for service even in the Hhonors 'priority' queue.  Location of this hotel is good though as you can walk there from Paddington station (and the Heathrow express) in about 10 minutes. IT is directly opposite Edgeware Road station for access to the tube also. Breakfast was standard UK hilton quality which is decent enough.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
5000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,It Was A good Stay,"I enjoyed my stray is this hotel for many reasons, the location was the most important The Edgware rd is very life and full of Arabic shops, restaurants and cafes. less than 10 minutes to Oxford St or the Hyde park. Paddington station is just a 5 minute walk. Even it was easy to walk to Madame Tussauds and we were lucky we have seen a wedding while going. The SPA and internal swimming pool were small but fine. Reception were fast for checking in and out. We have enjoyed the British breakfast. Room space was good and view from room was great. Over all we left satisfied with unforgotten memories",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
5001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing Experience,"This is a story of two halves.  The Hilton London Metropole  in general and then the bedrooms. I found the entire experience quite confusing.  From a customer perspective, it appears all the investment has gone into the ground floor lobby and restaurants which were really quite modern and well presented.  Unfortunately the bedrooms don't live up to the expectation on arrival.  Rooms were VERY small and tired and not what I would consider value for money.   The room did have a reasonable TV but everything else was very dated.  The mattress on the bed was awful, springs have definitely deteriorated.  I was only staying two nights and I knew the hotel was full so there was little I could do other than leave the hotel. Cupboards in the room and bathroom facilities definitely need…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
5002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Experience Ever. Not a safe Hotel to stay in,"We had a good check-in experience. Deborah attended to us and we had no issues. We had 2 separate bookings booked under 2 different OTA hence, we had to come back to the front desk to have our key cards exchanged on the 7th. The staff at the front desk, raised his hands and called us over to his side like we were dogs. I am working in the hotel industry and the basic thing for a front desk staff to do was to make eye contact and give a nod to the guest to show he was ready to serve us. On the 6th of June, fire alarm was activated. No announcements were made. We were all awaken by the loud screeching sound. Lifts were still moving up and down. When the fire alarm is activated, the lifts should not be working. We made our way down with 2 sleepy children and the whole lobby was…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
5003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A wonderful stay!,"I had read mixed reviews about the hotel and I had a little trepidation, however I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was clean, bright and welcoming. Check-in was efficient and swift.  The family room was spacious and well-equipped and the bed was so comfortable that we did not want to get up! The hotel was busy hosting a wedding and a conference, but this did not compromise the atmosphere or the service. The executive lounge was large and comfortable and there was a brilliant range of food and drink, which was replenished quickly.  The biggest surprise, was when the hotel made a last minute change to breakfast arrangements, due to the volume of guests, and opened a second dining room in the ballroom! I have never known this efficiency and forward thinking in any hotel before…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
5004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5015-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrible Hotel,"it isan old, worn hotel with very small executive rooms, executive lounge was poor with not very nice food, fitness centre was very small for the hotel size, internet was slow, it took a long time to check in due to staff numbers, the area of the hotel is unappealing. the only plus side was that I was able to check out early, even then there was an error on refunding me for the second night.",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
5005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No way to sleep in this hotel due to noise,To avoid at any cost. Noise level in the room prevented to sleep during my 7 nights stay. One day my room was not cleaned by housekeeping service. Location is nice - several easy tube/bus options to get around town. Is this Hilton? Can't believe that!,Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
5006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy but efficient,"This is an extremely busy conference hotel. It is well located and the staff are knowledgeable and efficient. The rooms are comfortable and well maintained. Not much in the way of free TV to watch. Close to M&S, good local pubs  and 2 tube stations. Rooms clean but generally this cleaning only finished late in the day. Good wifi",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
5007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,thank you,"This is the 3rd time I've stayed at this hotel with my young daughter, and once again we were not disappointed.  Staff go out of their way to help, rooms clean and tidy, food excellent and there's a tube station just over the road so really hand for getting out and about. 10/10",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
5008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, If you can get a good rate.","The room was clean, bed was firm (which I like, others may not).  Very convenient location, near Paddington, Hyde Park and Tube.  Staff Helpful, Breakfast, pretty good (not great) but included.  This is my first time at the hotel.  It is often hard to book at Gov't rate, but is very well appointed. Only downside is the incredible price for internet (about 25 USD a day), seems like robbery on that one. They do offer 1 hour free in lobby, not much privacy or convenience there. I would stay again, if able to get Gov't rate.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
5009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5020-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired!,"Friends and I stayed here overnight -I had a  room on the 8th floor-2 friends shared a ""broom cupboard"" with a view of the heating duct? on the 4th floor-another had a view of a brick wall on the 3 rd. The rooms were tired-in need of re-decorating+ bathroom was small-but dated -adequate .Breakfast was excellent-good choice+ service. We entered by the group reservations door-the ""haves"" entered by a far more plush entrance",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
5010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, clean hotel","Stayed in the West Wing. Conveniently located near Edgware road tube station. Lot of restaurants around. There is a Tesco Express, Waitrose and M&S within 2 mins walk for food. Safe neighborhood, got back by tube at 12:30 one night. Room was clean, unlike some of the reviews. This is a middle Eastern neighborhood which I think adds to the charm- this is modern London, get used to it!",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
5011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and good location,"This hotel is in a fairly good location. Not too far from the downtown attractions and good restaurants, cafes and pharmacies. Edgware station is only a block away and a bus stop too making for convenient transportation.  Our room had a great view. The employees were very friendly and helpful arranging for special trips and transportation to the airport.  They had very good security practices and we felt safe.  The only negative was that I was charged for items from the refrigerator that I did not consumed.  This charge was quickly cancelled once I brought it up. Recommend this hotel if you are traveling with children and accustomed to using public transportation.",None,3.0
5012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Average rooms, nice lobby","Staying in this hotel as part of a tour group, we received a room that featured twin beds that were not firm - very soft and not comforable. Even worse, the room was so small and crowded that there was less than 6 inches distance between the bed and the cabinet on which the TV sat. This would have been fine, but it meant that to access the only luggage stand in the room, you had to lift your luggage up on top of the bed, climb over and then move your luggage to the stand. Not acceptable. Had a breakfast meal and the selection was very good. The lobby and ground floor were spacious with nice restaurants and meeting areas. Wi-Fi access was limited to the ground floor and limited to one hour per day. Again, ridiculous. This is not appreciated by the business traveler.",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
5013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect Perfect in Every Way !!,"After a long flight from Australia, we checked in very early in to the Hotel. We knew the rooms wouldn't be ready but thought to go to the hotel anyway. We were greeted by a very sweet young lady named Nizreen. She was so polite, smiling all the time and very very professional. Our rooms were not ready but she checked us in anyway as it was so early and offered us complimentary Breakfast as we were tired. Every staff was so friendly. After relaxing for 20 min she found us with a ready room. We were so thrilled, I hugged her for her caring hospitality and wanted see her when we left but unfortunately did not. If you we're go to this hotel make sure she greets you. Your stay will be Wonderful !! Thank you. ",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
5014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5025-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Home from Home,"Is an enormous hotel but as such, is completely anonymous and takes away that dread you get when on your own on business in small hotels. Restaurant on 11th or 12th has great view but is pricey, as indeed is the ground floor restaurant, but with so mamny great Lebanese restaurants on the Edgeware Road...........no big issue. Staff friendly, breakfast at peak times can be extremely busy, but I always have a nice surprise from the friendliness of the staff.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Be Prepared!,"This hotel is great, well located, great facilities, excellent staff and with a friendly, but when checking in, do not allow them to place you in a room in the tower.  The room I stayed in was on par with a motel in Texas during the 90's (Sorry Texas and Motel owners, I know you are better than this now).  The mattress was old, lumpy and hard, the décor was damaged, the bathroom looked like it hadn’t been updated for 20 years but the water pressure was great!  I appreciate décor is not the be-all and end-all, but it was not what I expected when I booked to stay at a Hilton hotel.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
5016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice and convenient hotel!,"The new lobby is quite cosmopolitan from the more traditional London wood and red carpet of before. Lovely bar and lounge! Rooms have been redone and are very comfortable. Some rooms are difficult for temperature control. Think higher floors are easier. Look for a digital control. Felt  safe and happy here with so many shops, restaurants and pubs nearby.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
5017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"Small room. Slow service in general at breakfast, check in and baggage hold. Expensive, not good value for money (I have stayed in other hotels in London). The lobby areas are great but the rest of the hotel needs some updating.  Breakfast was very disorganised and we had to ask flag a waiter each morning to provide tea/coffee and never offered to refill. Breakfast restaurant far too small for the volume of people.  If I paid £80-100 a night it would meet expectations not £200 a night! very disappointed considering Hilton is such a prestigious brand",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
5018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Tiny, Uncomfortable and bad service","This is, in my experience a typical Hilton Hotel. The rooms are shoebox size and comparable to any 2 star budget hotel (for a much cheaper rate) throughout London. It is not what I would expect from a supposed Hilton.  I have stayed here on 3 different occasions now, each time giving them the benefit of the doubt.  This hotel is reasonably cheap (in comparison to other Hilton properties in London) however do not let this fool you, it is nowhere near the standard of any other Hilton Hotel in London.  The rooms are very small, they are old and the furniture is old and walls are cracked.  THE CHECK IN: The queues here are long, and check i often takes a long time. I am a Gold HH member and it still took me approx. 40 minutes to check in.  THE ROOMS: As mentioned before, the rooms…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
5019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5030-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor Staff service,"The building foyer and lower floor are nice, but the staff are quite abrasive and unfriendly.  The checking in staff are very impolite compared to other Hiltons where they are normally smiling, helpful, and flexible.      The Hilton Hounours checkin counter was partially manned leading to a queue build up,  and the other queue area was not organised properly so there was no proper quieting but people jumping the queue.  Even though I was booked in a Business rate I wasn’t allowed a free Wifi code. Was told had to be gold member to get this whereas I have been offered the service at discretion at another Hiltons. On a previous stay I was told by the check that Bottled Water would be sent up to my room as I was a Hilton Member, but the water never arrived.  A fire Alarm false…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
5020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,"The location is good, right next to Edgware Road tube, possible to walk to Oxford Street/Hyde Park. Lots of restaurants nearby (lebanese, iranian, moroccan..)  Our room was a superior double in the West wing: Nice clean room, flat-screen tv, good shower/bath, the bed a bit hard though. Helpful staff, fast check-in, nice lobby and bar. Did neither have breakfast nor use the health facilities. Had a 10th floor room, could see the London Eye and Hyde Park in the distance.  Got a very good deal at Hotwire - a Superior Double for a couple with a teenager, so very happy considering the price.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
5021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Guest Services Excellent Mr.Rudra,"We had some issues checking in but they were all sorted out after speaking to the head of guest services. His name is Mr. Rudra and this guy knows what customer service is all about. He has made us loyal Hilton clients. For a company such as Hilton to understand that each guest is so important means a great deal. I have stayed at other Hiltons. Had great experiences but there was an issue without booking this time around. Mr. Rudra did all he could to get the issue resolved and you could tell his goal was to rectify the issue and prove that customer service was paramount. Hats off to Mr. Rudra and Hilton for hiring such an great customer relationship specialist at guest services. I highly recommend this hotel even with our booking experience. Rooms are nice, restaurant is nice…",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
5022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Room for improvements.,"When one enters this hotel I have to say it is quite impressive on the ground floor. There are some things that could be done better though.There is easy access for ANYONE who wants to enter the lifts and go up to any floor, the floor we were on smelt musty and the room we were in was rather tired looking.The room was of a good size and everything was clean. Wi Fi was free for 1 hour each day down in the lobby area.The night we stayed the fire alarm went off at approx. 12.30 am and I have to say the way this was handled by the staff was not good enough!There wasnt a fire but there should be procedures in place to handle this sort of thing.On the plus side the hotel is well situated to shops and the underground. I don't think I would stay there again.",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
5023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rotten,"We stayed at this hotel several times in the past fews year and I always gave them the benefit of the doubt when they got things wrong. And they did a few times.  Hilton is generally very consistent and reliable. But this place is an exception.hit and miss.  An hour after checking in, we needed water. On opening the minibar fridge I was shocked to find rotten food stuffed in the fridge. The room was instantly full of a terrible garbage stench.  Called the front desk. They suggested we wait until morning then try to do something.  I had to get someone a bit more senior and litlle more brain to agree to move our room. 40 min after the call still no sign of a new room. Finally had to go to the reception and after speaking to an Assist Operations Manager we got a new room with…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
5024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5035-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not your usual Hilton standard hotel!,"Booked this hotel for one night for a business trip, when you first walked into the hotel it seemed very classy and well up to standards for a Hilton Hotel. We checked into our room which was directly opposite the lifts and this is all we could hear all night as well as people shouting down the hall ways. Surely all rooms should have some sort of sound proofing? There also wasn't any spare pillows so I didn't have a good nights sleep overall!  The breakfast was lovely however extremely crowded with lots of ques, getting to the restaurant was a bit of an adventure as it wasn't sign posted!   The hotels location is good and there is a nice burger restaurant behind which I would definitely recommend.  I would visit this hotel again if I had to however they need to seriously up…",None,3.0
5025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton EVER,"I have stayed at a LOT of Hilton hotels, along with many other hotels for business and pleasure. In my opinion, this place is by far the worst Hilton I have ever experienced. From my opinion, consider the following: The halls and rooms are dirty. Maid service was almost non-existent unless you call. For example, they would not leave towels, they didn't clean our room one day, they never left new soap or shampoo, the drain was visibly clogged with gobs of gooey hair, we ran out of toilet paper and they did not replace it until we called twice. The ""pool"" is disgusting. We lasted about 2 minutes before getting out of the stew. Wi-Fi cuts out, depending on where you are in the hotel. I was going to move hotels mid-stay, but got too busy with work to do it. Then, when I asked to…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
5026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great staff, Large rooms in West Wing","had a wonderful stay, breakfast was lovely, Thank you so much to all the staff who were very helpful especially Sergio from the front desk and Erinda. Sergio and Erinda were both friendly and willing to go the extra mile (had to check out and check in twice so encountered both front desk staff on different days) I had back to back bookings due to rate changes etc and they were always helpful with check out and check in at the same time, Breakfast was great, Will definitely be returning.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
5027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole Hotel,"With in block of 2 metro/subway stations and 3-4 blocks of Paddington station. Bar/restaurant.  Restaurants nearby.  Busses and Marks-Spencer across street.  In-room coffee/tea.  Good view of city.  Staff happy to help.  Wi-Fi not free, but free in bar/lounge",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Good Brunch ,The brunch at the metropole was quite varied with a selection of breakfast items and juices as well as the ability to order your own omelette made as you you like. Very good service and good options. Might be the best hotel brunch I have had in London. The decor is nothing special but not bad either. A good meal had with family. ,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
5029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5040-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,Not what I would expect from a 4* Hilton in central London.  I was woken up at 8 am on Saturday morning by housekeeping persistently knocking the door (and eventually coming into the room) to ask when she could come in to clean the room.   I had to queue for 10 minutes for a table at breakfast because the restaurant was full. It was then a difficult struggle to get any food (more queuing needed).   The room was small and outdated.   All in all its not what I expect from a Hilton hotel.,Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
5030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location,"This property is located within walking distance from Heathrow Express. Like most properties in town, this hotel is quite big. Sometimes not worth it to pay extra for access to the Executive Lounge. Most of the time you will find kids playing games on the computers, and not  a spot to sit down for any length of time.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family holiday in London,"The hotel services and facilities were excellent. The staff were very friendly but in particular I thought breakfast and dinner was superb. Breakfast was of the buffet variety with all aspects covered eg. English, Continental etc. Evening meal time was very enjoyable with the staff interaction with my children proving to be a memorable experience for them and I found this very refreshing. I would highly recommend this hotel to family and friends.",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
5032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good for business and on the Metro Line (Edgware Road),"this was my second visit to the hotel. visited after 3 years. the reception area has improved and renovated. the rooms are a bit small but thats central london. the hotel is very well connected and is literally 50 steps away from the Edgware road station. so very convenient for commuting. the edgware road station doesnt have lifts or escalators so people with limited mobility need to factor that. the hotel has a goo breakfast spread and the internet connection worked fine for me. overall great for business. i had requested for a 3 pm check out but was refused, also they dont keep bottled water, so anyone particular about that, should know that.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
5033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rough start but nice recovery,"We booked a conference at this Hilton and when I arrived the room we were to use has been converted to the executive lounge.   I was told it would be ready for me in the morning and when I arrived at 7:00am, it was partially set up, but not complete.    The staff hustled to get it right and they did.   Oya and Roberta took great care of us.    Rooms OK, breakfast very nice.   Lobby bar service a bit slow.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
5034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5045-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mixed Bag....Mostly Disappointing,Definately NOT a tourist hotel...way better for a business trip.    Faciltity:  In fairness it is a nice hotel.  Rooms are spacious and newly renovated.  The lobby has all of the feelings of a Hilton...so no issues there.  We enjoyed the Executive Lounge for breakfast and it was very nice...though did run out of things not to be replaced 30 minutes before the end of breakfast....(again fine for business but not tourists)  Staff......mixed bag.  Good greeting from Recpetion..... Way below par on the Conceirge desk (that whole business versus tourist thing again).  They advised us with our five year old child to walk down Edgeware street for a 10 minute walk to catch the sight-seeing bus.  It was 20 minutes and took you through the Hookah Pipe restaurant district of London.  Now…,Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
5035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A little shabby..,"We stayed at the Hilton Metropole for one night over a weekend and were slightly disappointed by the offering made by the Hilton chain. Everything was perfectly clean and pleasant, but the decor was looking a little jaded, chipped paintwork, dirty windows, slight staining in the bathroom. As per usual with European hotels the room was extremely hot and I had one of the worst nights sleep I've ever had (pillows were not chunky enough and even though I tried to turn the A/C up to the max this made absolutely no difference apart from making more noise)   Due to the terrible night's sleep I wouldn't go back, but the service was fine, the room itself was of an average standard and the location was good so I wouldn't want to put anyone off but it wasn't for me.",None,3.0
5036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average Hilton 5 mins from Paddington,"The hotel was more than suitable for my purpose: one day shopping trip to London. I walked to the Oxford St in 15 mins. (Edgware Road tube station is almost opposite to the hotel, but I chose to walk to save money and get 'fresh' air.) However, I would not like to stay at this hotel for a longer period, mainly due to location, although arabic waterpipes at the restaurants nearby gave an eastern twist for my citybreak ;)  Like earlier reviewers mentioned, this is a biiiig hotel, with two towers. My industry discounted room was located at the third floow, with miserable concrete view. The noise insulation could have been better, I did wake up for the noises when guests nearby arrived in their rooms later in the evening.   My room was clean, but especially the bathroom decoration…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
5037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Quality of Hilton Hotels,"Hilton Hotels are generally well managed and have very well balanced service, only this time round I was disappointed that they were not able to solve the switch for the heating/cooling system in my room.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Big bustly hotel, nice staff","The Metropole is in a fairly hideous building on Edgware Road and, like many Hiltons, slightly worse for wear. Our room overlooked a ghastly back yard full of ventilation shafts, dirty and unsightly. However, the room is fairly comfortable and beds nice. The bathroom is nothing special and the shower cabin a bit on the cheap side.  Lobby and common areas are very crowded during rush hour, but reception services work fine.  It is the friendliness and service mindedness of its staff that carries this hotel across the line of still being recommended.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
5039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5050-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location for a game at Lord's,"I booked this hotel for the ODI game between England and Sri Lanka. I had read a lot of negative reviews regarding the East Wing and Tower rooms. I therefore emailed reception two days before our arrival and requested a West Wing room, as these have recently been refurbished. I also asked for an early check in, 11.30am. On arrival both requests were granted and the room that we received, my son and I, was far beyond our expectations. We were on the 14th Floor with a view of The Shard in the distance. The bed's were Queen Size doubles and the room was spotlessly clean with a thick pile carpet. My son commented that it was one of the best rooms that we have ever stayed in.   We walked to Lord's cricket ground on the day of the game, as it is just twenty minutes away on foot. The…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
5040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel and Location,"We always stop at Hilton Hotels and are 'Gold' Hhonors status.  We have stopped at this Hotel many times and always find its a fantastic base to explore London.  The staff are excellent, rooms always clean and meals are good.  As Gold members we did expect complimentary items in the room but never received these and since we have children they was always an elephant on the bed made from a towel but they have stopped doing this which is a real shame considering it doesn't cost anything.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another Good Stay at the Metropole,We have stayed a number of times at the Metropole and overall the experience is pretty good.  Check in was fast and courteous and the new layout in this area is much better. It is a shame they have lost the area where taxis used to stop.  The room we had was a little tired and it was fairly evident that housekeeping didn't vacuum the room before we arrived nor during our stay. Our room also had an interconnecting door and every bit of conversation next door could be heard. I suggest you reject a room with this arrangement. We will next time.  If you are not familiar with the area be advised you will need to use public transport/taxi to get into the tourist parts of London. Tube station across the road and taxis readily available.  We would stay hear again.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel and great location.,Central located hotel.Staff very helpful and friendly.I had a very nice room with a beautiful view.Two nice restaurants.Lots of choice on breakfast.There is an Underground Station and Bus Stop near the hotel.There are lots of shops and restaurants outside the hotel.I had a lovely time at  this hotel.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the room I booked,"I booked a room with Queen size bed at the Hilton Metropole last week but I arrived was told that they only had a room with two single beds left and that they ""do not guarantee the bed configuration for a room""!   I accepted this as I had no option but asked for a quiet room and was offered one away from the elevators and ""with a view"".  You can imagine my surprise when the elevator opened and there was my room right across the corridor.  The room turned out to be extremely noisy with guests using the elevators at all hours.  Further more, the view was of a wall and airconditioning unit, even on the the 16th floor.  Not a good experience and I will think twice about booking a room at the Hilton Metropole in London in future.  Also No Free Internet & £18 for breakfast.  Could do…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
5044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5055-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect Hotel for a city trip,"We stayed at the Hilton the last four days and we were extremely happy about the rooms, the service and the location. Being footsteps near Edgware Underground station it was perfect for us to explore London. We booked a family room in the west wing and it was very spacious even for two adults and two teenagers (17 and 15). There is a couple of good restaurants nearby and there is also a M&S and several food stores.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
5045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good but not Great,"Centrally located hotel.. Expensive for what you receive. Staff efficient but not overly friendly. Rooms looking a little dated. For over $500 per night I expected a little something more. I had asked for a queen bed and received two singles. I asked to be changed but nothing was available at 4.30pm.. I decided I was fine with a twin room, it was only for one night. At around midnight I had someone banging on my door. Waking me up I was a little annoyed.. It was the hotel duty manager asking me if I still wanted a queen room... Really? at 12 am.. ",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location... but that's it!,"Very busy hotel in a very central location but this affected all aspect of my stay. It was noisy everywhere in the hotel and especially in my room. My neighbours were smoking all the time despite it being a non smoking floor. Internet was sooooooo slow!!! At 15 quid I expected a bit better than that. In the end I spent my time working in the Pret across the street for some peace, quiet and wifi! The decor of the room and whole floor was dark and drab, and looked run down. Sleep quality was non existent due to my noisy smoky neighbours.   The gym was poorly laid out with people mixing freely between the wet and dry areas - doing crunches on the floor while someone stands dripping in their togs beside you is not ideal. In the end I appreciate that certain aspects would have been…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
5047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,An adequate Central London stay,"Ended up staying here through a hotwire lucky dip and it was perfect for what we needed.  The problem with London hotels is that unless you pay through the nose for the very best, they are all varying degrees of vastly overpriced average.   It's clean, functional, well located but still a bit run down and tired. The shower is tiny and the room could do with decorating but it had everything you would expect from a Hilton in terms of facilities.   A good base for exploring the city but I would have expected a lot better if I'd been paying full price.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
5048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sliding down the Metropole,"Wow - this hotel use to be much better! The lobby renovations are very nice, and it is still convenient to walk just a few minutes from Paddington Station to the hotel.   It is sad when paying this kind of money to not even have the room cleaned, especially on an executive floor. Many of the staff seem to look at the guests as being in the way. Very surprising drop in service and experience.  TIP: If you forget something or need a quick and cheap snack, run across the street to Marks & Spencer.",None,3.0
5049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5060-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great experience,"We had just gotten off a 15 day cruise in the tiniest cabins possible so the room seemed huge. We had reserved a room with two queen beds but got upgraded to a room that also included a pull out sofa. It was very clean and the bedding was very nice. There were 2 closets and tons of drawers. There was a full bath tub/shower. We took taxis most places and it was about a 5-7 minute ride to The Whole Foods on Kensington (make sure you go upstairs to the restaurants) so that worked well for the food allergy family. Across the street at Marks and Spence there is an entire section of gluten free breads (cakes, pastries, etc) and they were so much better than what you find in the US. There were lots of weddings and business meetings going on but it wasn't a problem to navigate around…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
5050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, convenient for Oxford Street.","Stayed here overnight recently on a quick sightseeing trip to the capital.  Conveniently located near Marble Arch Tube Station ( you would need to change tubes to get to London Eye etc) and Oxford Street.  Our room on fourth floor had great views and all the amenities we needed.  Cannot comment on dinner menu as we had booked a table at a nearby Italian Restaurant just up Edgeware Road (sorry can't remember the name) across from the hotel which was great, although wouldn't recommend walking at night very far in this immediate area.  All in all an enjoyable stay and we would use this hotel again.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good but not Hilton Standard,"Very large hotel, full of a vast array of people. During my visit there were many large groups of school children, but this did not detract. Nice food, great location for tube, bus and even running in London. Main criticism was the gym, too small, poorly equipped and not nearly adequate for a Hilton hotel. Pool facilities were better but this does not recover the fact the gym would be considered small in an office environment! Also avoid rooms facing towards the police station and flyover as even on the 12th floor the noise makes sleeping difficult.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"I had arranged to stay in this hotel for our anniversary. Had emailed a few days before to ask various questions and received quick, friendly helpful responses from reception and concierge. On arrival we got a free upgrade to a deluxe room with amazing views. Reception staff were very nice and friendly as were bar staff. Room was nice, bathroom a little small and could be renovated but no problems. More TV channels would also be good.  Breakfast was amazing as always. Lots of choice, seated quickly even though it was busy. Did not eat but had drinks in the bar which were great, loved the whisky bar. A huge hotel with nice decoration. Easy transport links.  Used the pool, sauna and steam room. Expected this to be bigger due to the size of the hotel but it was adequate enough.  We…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Adequate,Busy location to get to. Great for parking as had multi storey. Had we not been upgraded to executive room the size of the room would have been less than adequate as id seen my friends room. Breakfast should really be included in the price of the room.  Warm weekend and the air con was poor to say the least. ,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5065-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good Location, Below Average Executive Lounge","As a regular loyalty member of the Hilton I have stayed in my fair share of them. While the hotel looks good on the inside, it is not aesthetically pleasing from the outside. As mentioned in the title, the location is good, it's a 2-3 minute walk from the tube station which is handy, but I wouldn't say it was a particularly 'safe' neighbourhood of London.  I stayed in an executive room which had nice views over London, you could see the London Eye etc, however the room was rather dated. The decor of the hotel in general was good however, I particularly enjoyed the lifts in the middle of the building.  My biggest disappointment with this hotel, and would be annoying for many loyalty members is the standard of the Executive Lounge compared with others around the UK and Europe.…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very pleasant stay.,"The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful. The room was always clean and linens in stock. The room was too warm, but we were also on the 13th floor. We really enjoyed our stay! I would definitely stay there again!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
5056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Location, value for money and friendly and professional service.","Joanna from the front desk checked me in, very friendly yet professional. It took me less than two minutes to get my keys.The room is fine and breakfast has a wide selection of food to meet all tastes.Great location and very friendly atmosphere in general.Strongly recommend it for a fine London stay.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Me and my sister stayed here for a weekend in May. The lady who checked us in was very friendly, was interested in what we were up to during our trip. In fact all the staff we spoke to were incredibly friendly. Our room was nice with very comfortable beds. Cannot comment on the food or the bar at this hotel as we didn't dine here but the bar area looked lovely. Very beautiful hotel. This hotel is also in an excellent location, just near enough opposite the edgware road underground station so this made it very easy for us to get around. Would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay again!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
5058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location beside tube station,"We stayed for 3 nights end of April 2014.  We had originally booked for 2 nights but later realised we needed a 3rd night.  The third night we booked was at a much cheaper rate and did not include breakfast.  However, the receptionist was very accommodating and allowed us to stay in our room for 3rd night and included breakfast - very generous and so convenient for us. The staff were exceptional - very pleasant and nothing was a problem.  Breakfast was good but queues in the morning were huge.  We had dinner at the hotel one of the nights and it was good also.  The room could probably do with a refurb but to be honest, was perfectly adequate.  Bathroom was roomy.  Plenty of towels etc. We had no complaints at all and would stay again - location was excellent and was so…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5070-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't put up with a rubbish room,"Stayed here three nights, we will not return. It's a huge hotel with pleasant staff but we had a very poor experience.   The first room we were given -352- was little more than a filthy, worn cell. It's just above the pool so had a small window, the view was of the glass pool roof with steel supports -  just like a cell. The furniture was worn and the bed creaked every time you moved.   The bathroom was something else! Disgusting. So worn, cracks in the Bathside, scum by the shower screen and marks in the bath. You would certainly not feel clean if you chose to bathe in it! The whole feel of the room was worn and tired and it was very very small.   We asked to be moved after our first night because of the creaking bed and got a better room on the 8th floor, but it was still very…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
5060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Disappointment,"My wife was breathless with anticipation over our stay, so we had high hopes. On arrival, the receptionist persuaded us - with little resistance - to upgrade our room to a bigger one and also add breakfast to our booking, and we went to our room almost tingling with excitement. Oh dear. If this was a 'big' room, I can only assume that the small ones have pull-down beds. Not even well-designed for the limited space, with a desk assembly taking up almost all of the floor not taken by the bed. The decor is in need of refreshment, too. We searched for the usual booklet outlining the amenities without success and eventually had to order one from reception. So not at all impressed so far, although the view was magnificent. Breakfast. Oh dear. Nice pastries and orange juice, although…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
5061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stayed at better Hilton Hotels!,"My friend and I were staying as part of a hen party.  We were allocated a room on the second floor of the tower which was completely separate from where the rest of the group were in the West wing.  On arrival at the second floor, we came across a couple who were waiting to be moved out of the room we were allocated.  They said they were moving out because the room smelt so bad of smoke.  They opened the door and the smell was awful and we agreed there was no way we were going to stay in there either.  The room smelt so bad of stale nicotine, it would take a complete refurb to freshen it up.  We also felt it was bad that the couple who were moving out of the room hadn't even had their luggage collected by the porter before we arrived.  We went to complain and asked to be moved…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
5062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not as good as other London Hilton hotels,"We stayed here for one night to enjoy a night out in the town.  This hotel has a great location, the tube station is right outside and you can be in the centre of the west end in minutes.  However the hotel its self leaves a little to be desired.  On check in we were told that they did not have any available double rooms and that they could only offer us a twin, despite the fact that we had booked a double.  Then despite the fact we had been told they had no double rooms, we were offered one at a £25 extra charge.  We decided not to pay the extra as we were not intending to spend much time in the hotel but it is poor customer service not to give people the room they have booked and then to try and charge them to have it.    Upon arriving at our room it was clear that this room…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
5063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice service, even better rooms.",We arrived at night and check-in was a breeze. Had dinner at the restaurant downstairs before going to bed - we were jet-lagged. Overall the room was clean and big plus it was very comfortable. Aaah how I miss the soft pillows. I had requested for a room with a view but the only view I received was a construction site - hah. There's a Marks&Spencer nearby so bonus points for the hotel. Not forgetting that there was 2 tube stations just across the street - Edgware Road station so getting around the city was easy.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
5064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5075-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worth the price,"The location is great, near train station and many restaurants.  However, the rooms are tiny even to European standards.  They also didn't provide free wifi in the rooms when most hotels in Europe are providing free wifi.  It was disappointing that only the two hotels (this one included) that started as American hotel chains were the only two we found not providing free wifi.  It doesn't cost much, please just give your customers that tiny luxury.  I must say the staff is what sets this place apart.  The hitel staff was very friendly and very helpful.  There was supposed to be a Globus tour person at their office to help during working hours and she was missing in action as we had problems with our reservation that was not showing in the hotel's computer even though it was…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
5065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A place to stay for London veterans!,"I have stayed at this hotel many times, most recently just a week ago.  I was there on a vacation with my wife.  I emailed and asked for an early check in because we were flying in transatlantic and were arriving slightly before the 3:00 check in.  They accommodated this request which is always appreciated after that grueling flight!  Shortly after check in we received a complimentary food plate and bottled water.  That was very much appreciated.  They did take longer than normal getting our luggage to us about one call to the Magic center solved that.  Magic is Hilton's problem resolution system.  I had a couple of reasons to use it and it worked excellently every time.  I mention that this Hotel is for London veterans because if you are new to London you won't be aware that…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing for a Hilton,"I expect more more from the Hilton brand, and sadly all my experiences with the Hiltons in London have fallen flat - this one coming close to the worst.  Diamond member, to date, I've lived 88 nights this year in Hiltons, so average of 17/18 nights a month.  Arrived and checked in on sunday night - the woman who checked me in winked and said I'd have a treat waiting.  Ok - so I'm thinking, the room is going to be special - something extradordinary.  Instead, arive in a tiny room in the East Wing, and a tiny tray with some fudge and 2 plums awaited me.  At check in, I wasn't told of the lounge, the hours, breakfast downstairs, gym - all together just no information.  I get that I'm only staying a night, but as I mentioned to them it was my frist time at the hotel, I would have…",None,2.0
5067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Third time lucky,"This is the third time I have stayed at the London Hilton Metropole.  On the previous occasions I have been disappointed, however this time round I was pleased.  Two things were different.  Firstly they have changed the downstairs layout so it feels much less crowded and check in and check out is much easier.  Secondly I had a room in the West wing, which also seems to have been more recently upgraded.  (Colleagues who had rooms in the tower were not so keen).    On this occasion I stayed for a conference,  for that purpose it was good.  I would also say that it is well set up for international visitors! lots of stunning London pictures on the walls, finger sandwiches and scones served during the breaks.  As a Brit I liked the touch but realised why this is more a conference…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel is OK but not what I expected.,"The hotel lobby is beautiful and the staff was more then accommodating.  We were in a small room that was suppose to be 2 queen beds but we got 2 twin beds.  I needed a smoking room for the person I was traveling with. The room we received was small, with twin beds a desk, T.V. and all the other things you would expect in the room. The bathroom was a nice size and we were down the hall from the gym and the pool which were excellent. The only problem with the room was that it was not maintained as nice as other rooms.  There was wood coming off the door frame in the bathroom, the walls needed a slight cleaning as well as the floor being cleaned. For what we paid I expected much better.  My feeling is if they were going to offer smoking rooms they should be at the same standard as…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
5069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5080-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great service!","Very pleased with the service from arrival to departure, the venue was very well organised and lovely food.  Situated right beside the underground so very easy to get around London.  Definitely recommend this hotel and look forward to going back!",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Holiday break!,Very good stay but not outstanding. We stayed here because of the hotels proximity to Oxford Street and Marble Arch which was only a 15-20 min walk. Rooms were pleasant and were cleaned almost every day of our 4 day trip. Not the biggest sized rooms and our view was of a concrete wall but we picked the cheaper option and overall they were okay as we didn't spend much time in them. Receptionists were very helpful and the help desk were excellent at providing us with information as to the best form of public transport to attractions such as the London Eye; they recommended getting the bus from the bus stop round the corner from the hotel which gives you a mini-tour of London and drops you off near the Big Ben and the London Eye rather than getting the tube. The only concern we had…,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
5071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best Location in London,"If you like shopping, this hotel is the best, close to Oxford and Bond Street. Not so far also from Chinatown where you can enjoy some exotic foods. All in walking distance. Also close to some great museums.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Very crowded, but sweet staff.","Good's: - Attentive and very sweet staff – everyone from coffee girls in the breakfast restaurant to the czech check-in girl. - Refurbished and modern lobby area (with free wifi?). - Great breakfast with loads to choose from. - Close to underground.  Bad's: - Crowded. The hotel is huge. Prepare to be standing in line for check-in and breakfast. - You have to pay for wifi in room. (I mean, really? Common!) - Extra services are very expensive. Converter from European to British electical plug £10!  This hotel is like a factory – people (staff and guests) everywhere and all the time. Lines for check-in and lines for breakfast. However, this London industry is very efficient and if you don't mind waiting for 10 minutes, staff is well trained but very personal and humble. Czech girl…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellant Place,"Good to stay for business and easy to commute from city center, with lot of food options nearby, and easy access by tube or bus and walk to nearby places, also services at hotel is very good and timely when it comes to comfort.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
5074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5085-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay at Hilton Metropole,"Very good but not outstanding. The Hotel is overpriced for its location which is not central but that's London for you. Room was on the small side,(probably based on the fact it was the lowest price) comfortable but no easy/comfy chair to sit and relax.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge,"The location is great, close to all amenities. It is a mass transit/ tourist hotel catering literally for thousands of visitors daily. Huge conference facilities. Not my favorite place to stay, but had to, London was full the days we were there",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
5076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent!!,"It was our first stay with our children in London and it was amazing, thanks  a great accommodation as well. We spent 4 nights in a family room. The room was large, very well equipped, clean with full hotel service. Breakfast was absolutely perfect, many choices, the only negative thing - we had to stay in a que for a few minutes in the morning. What must point out are the people working in the hotel. Receptionists (Sandra and Dominika) were very nice, welcoming and helpfull, they helped to make our stay much more pleasant, thanks a lot again. Hotel staff helped us to solve all our requests, really good service.The hotel is near tube and railway stations, 10 minutes walk to Oxford street. If I plan trip to London again, I do go to Hilton Metropole again!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
5077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel. But well run,Stayed here for a business conference.  The hotel is huge and therefore is a bit clinical.  Staff were excellent though and are obviously used to dealing with lots of events and large parties. Food was great considering the numbers involved. Good breakfast.  Room was huge and very clean. Only slight complaint was that it was a bit hot and stuffy and aircon wasn't very efficient. Nice central location. ,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Receptionist,"The quality of service is great, nice location and close to most services in london, the decodation is cool , level of services is high, very trained staff with well behavior. Ive met Sergio and Christopher and both been too kind",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
5079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5090-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Huge hotel, great location","Stayed for 4 nights with work for a sales conference.  The location is very good with a car park, tube station and London Paddington 5 minutes walk down the road.  Received an efficient welcome and got a large room at the top of the West Tower. The room had 2 huge beds, big LCD TV, desk, quiet fridge, wardrobes and an iron & board for flattening out crumpled clothes.  Unfortunately the A40 road noise and police sirens from Paddington Green opposite didn't contribute to a great nights sleep and a few colleagues moved rooms because of it.  The shower was more a warm dribble that didn't help reinvigorate you in the morning. Understand the gym was good - not that I had time to try.  The Bar area was very pleasant (if too hot) the drinks prices were ok for London / hotel. However the…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
5080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Extras should have been included,I do not understand why major hotel brands charge people for internet access in their rooms. It is pure profiteering and totally unnecessary.   Hilton should be able to provide a breakfast buffet on which the hot food is actually hot.  Great to find a reasonably priced hotel in central London with a decent sized pool though,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location,cramped rooms","Stayed here on a business trip.The check-in was quick and the hotel was kind enough to give a early check-in,However the twin bed room was too cramped.Even moving easily with the luggage opened at one corner was difficult.Note this is not a 5 star as you will think of.Same with the bathroom as well.The breakfast is so so with the same menu everyday. Views outside the rooms are fine only above the 12th floor (depends which side facing rooms you get). The front desk is very helpful. Service is just ok.Apart from the location (its just stone throw away from Edgware station, nothing else clicks. You get Wifi only free only for an hour.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good hotel,Newly refurbished Queen Hilton Superior room are realy very nice. Unfortunately executive rooms are very old and looks dirty (even they are probably not). Some stuff especially czech one are very unpleasant in comparison of others.,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Stay,"The hotel staff were under extreme pressure during our stay due to a large event taking place there, which we were attending, however the staff at all times went out of their way to be courteous and efficient",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
5084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5095-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,BREAKFAST REVIEW ONLY - Thank goodness!,"Met here for pre meet brekkie then meeting. Brekkie was poor - lots of choice but thoroughly MEH! Otherwise, great place for lobby type meetings - when they can remember to serve you the drinks you actually ordered ;) !!!",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
5085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Friendly staff, but still not there on service","Two problems up front - no free wifi (£14 per day!) and the room availability on arrival (31 hours after leaving home, being told I needed to wait 2 more hours for a room, even though it was prearranged).  Friendly bar staff, an OK breakfast buffet ( the black pudding was like a hockey puck), and generally good service otherwise.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
5086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK for business; less sure for personal travel,"Needed a cost effective, large and well-located hotel for a work trip and, overall, this did the trick. It met all my needs, and with a sale on Hotels.com, it was a good price at the time. Thoughts as follows:   Good:  - Depending on your needs, it's pretty central, and very close to Edgware tube (note - 2 different lines, with different entry points)  - Very clean, service was friendly.  - For my deal, the price was very good; the rack rates are less so.  - Looked like a decent, and busy, lobby bar, which isn't always the case, although I didnt get to try it.  - Wifi was decent, and I got it free after a bit of a delay with the check-in process. Normally this is charged which is less great, as others note.  - Some raised concern about noise; I was on 19th floor and was…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK hotel for central London.,Bit disappointed when I learned this was my secret hotel room. There was noly a short check in queue at reception at about 630pm. My receptionist was happy and welcoming. I gratefully accepted an upgraded room and was placed in the 23 storey Tower.  There are 4 lifts but my journey was relatively slow as the lift stopped frequently. The room was  a double and seemed clean. I used the glasses and a coffee mug and they also looked and smelled clean.   Lots of foreign tourists were using the hotel and there was also a work do including lots of tipsy types.  I didn't use the restaurant. There are so many interesting restaurants on Edgware Road that it seemed wrong not to walk out. I also took breakfast from Pret a Manger rather than the hotel.  I was woken very early. I'm not sure…,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very convenient,Stayed at the Metropole for 1 night with the family (3 rooms) early May. Rooms were in 2 separate parts of the hotel as one was a family room but was ok for us. Even if facing Edgware Road the rooms were quiet. Staff very friendly. The location is good as it's an easy walk to Hyde Park Corner and Oxford Street. The two tube stations across the street made it easy to jump onboard a train and get around London. Note that even if the station is only called Edgware Road then it's actually two as one is for Bakerloo and the other one for the other lines (Circle etc). We had booked breakfast as well. Wide selection but wasn't the best English Breakfast experience we had. At the rate it was ok though. The hotel is spotless and is recommendable to families (although we never found time…,Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5100-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible,"In 2014 it's completely ridiculous that a 4* hotel charges £15 / night for Wifi (free for 1 hour in the public areas!).  Being there on business I reluctantly paid for the connection - and what a joke it was. Constant drop outs, maximum speeds of less than 1mbps. It was like stepping back in time.  Hotel room was drab and pokey - drinks ridiculously overpriced.  Very disappointed - won't be going back.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
5090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,big & busy,Very impressive hotel huge number of people coming & going at every hour of the day. Rooms as you expect from Hilton spacious quiet and clean. All staff members have the Hilton brand helpful approach. Location is great you can get anywhere in the city with a tube station opposite & only a short walk to main tourist areas. good choice of where to eat or drink within the hotel dependant on choice & budget.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
5091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,High Five Hilton,"My other half and I got a great deal on a standard double here on lastminute.com - the hotel was easy to find, located so close to the tube lines you can see the hotel from the tube entrance. The check in staff were lovely and upgraded us to a king size room for no extra cost and were extremely helpful and accommodating. Our room located in the tower on the 13th floor was beautiful, clean, spacious, with gorgeous complimentary nibbles - but a little hot, the only downfall was the air con system needs updating as slow to kick in and we ended up having the window as open as we could have for a while. After a night out we returned and made the most of the Whiskey Lounge and the Piano Bar which are both beautifully decorated and although spacious intimate enough for romantic cosy…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
5092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Busy, busy, busy","This is a very busy hotel in the heart of London. We had been booked in there for a company function nearby. Checking-in was a nightmare. The company had booked several dozen rooms for a nearby function that was due to start at 1600 hours. Some of us did not get a room allocation until almost 1530 despit arriving at the hotel at 1230. The reception area was extremely busy but in fairness was quite well staffed. The staff were polite and friendly but seemed to be overwhelmed by the constant throng of people seeking rooms. Having said that the room was on one of the upper floors and was very clean and comfortable. Breakfast the following morning was quite good but again there was a queue to get into the dining area. Again, the staff were extremely pleasant but seemed once again to…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hyped up, overpriced hotel","I stayed in the hotel twice in April / early May. Choice of the hotel was dictated by its excellent location in Central London and ease of access to the tube. However, the hotel itself was a damp squib. Checking-in is an ordeal. Internet connectivity at £15 / day was pathetic to say the least. Getting to the breakfast table involved a wait of 30-35 minutes and once inside the restaurant more wait for food to be topped up at the buffet counters. I had requested for and was grudgingly given late check-out until 3 pm on 2nd May. However, at 1 pm I was informed that I had to checkout by 1.45 pm. Managed this with some difficulty. Hotel is not for business travellers who are bound by limited time and budget.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5105-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tired of writing negative reviews,"Second Hilton in London during this trip and the same concern. DIRTY reused coffee service items.  As I had done at the previous Hilton last week, I first washed the mug on the coffee service with the boiling water from the kettle. Then I made tea. Afterwards, I put a mark on the bottom of the mug to see if the mug would be replaced with a sanitized one or just rinsed and dried with my dirty towel. No surprise here, the same mug reappeared on the coffee bar.    Other than the the unhygienic glasses and mugs, this room was fine. (the first room we refused because of the unseemly odor from the bathroom pipes).  Very large hotel and very busy.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
5095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel for Meetings,"I planned and stayed here for a meeting in January 2014.  Fantastic service and staff, would definitely come back here to do those again.  My only issue was with the business center (limited hours, hard to print out something).  Otherwise the facilities were good- some rooms need a bit more updating than others.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
5096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location - public areas impressive - room good but a bit tired.,"Enjoyed break at Hilton. Upgraded to higher floor room with amazing views because had 2 hr wait to get into room. Public areas were good- clean and well staffed . Great location for sightseeing. Underground 2 minutes walk from hotel with lots of shops, bars and restaurants in local area.  only ate breakfast in hotel but this was very good - buffet style with a large choice of hot and cold items. I think public areas have recently been refurbished and the lounges and bars were great to relax in. The bedroom however could have done with a lick of paint and the dirty Windows minimised the great views! Small pool and gym with friendly staff but a bit cramped if more than 10 guests using pool at one time! Would certainly stay again and would recommend this hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Family trip!,Location wasn't bad but too close to police station and hospital. The room wasn't bad but did not like the fact they put us near a room above that was under construction. Not one of the better Hiltons i stayed at but location was important to me at the time! Buffet was average and did not eat there for dinner! Stay over all was average!,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The staff here don't smile and need some manners,I have stayed here before and raised some concerns and it would seem I'm not the only one having read recent reviews on here people are saying it's like a factory with no customer service and staff don't smile  I was assured on my next stay things would change but had it no the staff unhelpful and often rude and they just don't know how to be customer friendly  The rooms are in need of updates and they charge 15 quid a day for internet when even a basic hotels provides it free  I think this hotel is so big the management have forgotten one thing that is the customer ,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
5099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5110-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,doesn't live up to the hilton name,"Was here for world irish championships which were being held in hotel, check in was quick but couldn't believe they asked for an extra £50 in case of damage, felt like I was being treated like some kind of hooligan would have walked away at point had I not needed to be there for our event. Room was very very disappointing one of the smallest room I have ever stayed in but yet the dearest room I have stayed in £219.00 for one night , have to say very comfortable bed though , the area immediately around hotel was not very nice, would I stay here again no never definitely not worth the price. ",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
5100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,5th May Bank Holiday Break,"Excellent hotel, room was very spacious clean and tidy.  Staff were extremely polite, helpful, professional and friendly, particularly reception for the west side. My daughter who is 9 loved the hotel, breakfast, pool, and lounges, wanted to move in.   Special THANK YOU to EDEM who was absolutely wonderful when we checked in on Sunday, he really made our stay special :> Will definitely being staying here again, in the near future. Well done Hilton London Metropole.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
5101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location but lacks SMILES,"This hotel is ideally located as it is only a 10 minute taxi ride to Central London and is on the doorstep of the Edgeware Road tube station so getting about in the capital is a breeze.... However the room that I stayed in (The Tower) looked a bit tired and due for a coat of paint although it was clean and comfortable. The staff were happy to help but I struggled to find any of them with a smile on their face making me feel a bit loathed to ask for help, although when I did it was readily given. A good overall experience however not one to rave about.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel!,"This hotel is clean, the rooms are large, beds comfy, and staff EXTREMELY friendly and helpful. This is the best Hilton property in London. The location is great with an easy walk to Hyde Park and other attractions and the Edgeware tube stop is right out the front door.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice rooms, OK hotel","We stayed 4 nights at the Metropole for the Irish Dance World Championships.  The hotel was just OK -- amenities are not what one would expect from a hotel of this size in terms of restaurants, shop, fitness facility, etc.  Meeting rooms were nice and of good size.  Our hotel room itself was very nice -- clean and modern, very comfortable.  Room service was prompt and courteous, but other hotel services (restaurants other than the expensive one on top of the hotel, the concierge) were overwhelmed by the conference, and the common areas were very crowded.  The hotel is an easy walk from Paddington Station.  The neighborhood immediately around the hotel is not very nice (overlooking the A40 flyover), but we found very nice restaurants and neighborhoods nearby (try the Larrik pub).…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5115-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor service. Staff doesn't care!!,"I stayed here in the beginning of May.  I arrived in the morning around 10 am and asked for a room. The staff didnt even ask my name or who I am straight away said"" check in is at 3pm you can leave the luggage at the concierge""! I said not even one more and she laughed in my face saying ""NO"".  Then they send me to the lounge to have breakfast till i have my room ready. We asked for an omlette and they said go downstairs not even looking at me.  People on the sofa were sleeping and other people looking to find a seat available.  Next day i asked for late check out and they said its fine however at 12 am they checked me out without even checking if I am stil in the hotel or not. When i went to check out they said oooo but you are checked out already. When i questioned why u…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
5105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great place to stay, excellent staff","Stayed her for a business conference over 2 days.  The facilities were very good, and the staff were very attentive when their service was required. The buffet food they put on at lunchtimes was very well presented, with a great choice of crusty filled rolls and Indian nibbles. The room we had on the fifth floor, was long and thin (had 3 single beds in it).  The bathroom too small, but then you're not spending a lot of time in the bathroom. Drinks at the bar were in line with Central London prices, quite expensive. Breakfast had a choice of continental and tractional English, which was very nice. Location was great, just a 10 minute walk to Mable Arch. Would definitely consider staying here on a leisure visit, if I could afford it!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
5106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Looks good but you don't have to look far to find the flaws,Stayed here for one night on the way back from Paris. Firstly they didn't have our reservation. They did sort this out and we got a room with a great view of the marylebone flyover!  The rooms are ok but nothing special. The restaurant on the ground floor isn't very well maintained and the service is very slow. Took them 15 minutes to take a drink order. The food was good but overpriced.  At breakfast the next morning they only had 1 of us down for breakfast and were initially adamant that we would have to sign for one and sort it out with reception. I was then accused of brig rude just because I asked to speak to a manager. Eventually a manager was called who sorted it out promptly and efficiently. Was it worth the hassle. Definitely not! He breakfast was the worst I have ever…,Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
5107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Staff make this hotel,I spent 8 days at the Hilton for an international event which was hosted at the hotel. From Start to finish the hotel staff were excellent.  We asked for our room to be located in the west tower to be nearer family members who has already checked in- this was honoured and we also received a larger room when they realised how much luggage we had! The security checks for additional room keys was thorough which I appreciated!  Check in was seamless. The location is handy with a costa and Starbucks very close.   Food and drink was expensive but we knew this would be the case however the quality was very good. Breakfast was £17.50 which can be seen as excessive but the choice was excellent and considering it was our only meal for most of the day it set us up very well. One of the…,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
5108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Want a hot shower and calm environment?  Keep looking,"Stayed here late April (friends were doing a Globus tour, and they were going to be staying here, so booked room to co-incide with their stay.  Unfortunately their tour stayed elsewhere at last minute and I couldn't cancel).    From the street looks fine, nice reception.  Staff very helpful BUT - when we got to our room, on third floor, had view of an air conditioning vent.  There was no net curtain to pull to block it out, so rang reception and said wasn't prepared to look at that for three days.  A one night stopover fine, but not three days, and no net curtain.  The staff were very good and upgraded us to a deluxe room on 8th floor.  Room much nicer so were happy with that (but still in need of refurbishment).   A VERY busy hotel,  always noise and hustle and bustle and not…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5120-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good location ,The hotel located in the heart of London. Minutes walking from Paddington railway station and from Oxford street. Rooms are very luxuries nor big but it works in comparison to location benefit!,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No room at the inn... BEWARE,"When checking in I was told the hotel did not have a reservation for me.  My reservation confirmation from my travel company clearly showed I had a reservation although the hotel claimed the travel company had made a mistake. When contacting the travel company they insisted the hotel had made a mistake (I hadn't made a mistake as I had proof in my hand).  The receptionist explained they had no room available in the hotel and checked a couple of sister hotels in the area who also had no room available.  The hotel also explained that they regularly overbook in the understanding that not every one will turn up, they also explained that they also had the right to cancel and offer the room out if a guest has not checked in by 4pm - This would be a concern if you are an international…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
5111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,As expected,"Overall  I constantly travel for work and am in hotels 3-4 nights a week clocking up over 150 room nights last year. I have stayed in the Hilton metropole many many times over the years but this was the first time since the new reception has opened up.   As this is a Hilton product I knew I would be safe, The hotel is right across from the Edgware road tube station.  Overall the hotel is quite nice, good location for business travel.  The new reception is where the old covered entrance was and is an airy and open space.  The new reception feels like the same size as the old one, just in a different place.  When you arrive he hotel is always packed so you queue for checkin.  Often the HHonours queue can be longer than the normal queue.  Once greeted, the process is pretty simple.…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
5112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A tale of 2 stories,"I travel to London quite often. Normally stay at either the Hilton Paddington or Hilton Metropole. The Metropole has a much better bar/leisure area but there is one big problem with the Metropole. The rooms in the Tower wing are shockingly poor. Borderline dirty, very small, bathrooms very basic. Even more troubling is that I am a Hilton Diamond member and got put into one of these rooms on my current stay. Have contacted reception and let them know that if I am ever sent to the tower wing again I will never come back. The hotel is pricey enough, without staying in rooms that would be considered way to bad to be at a Best Western. So a tricky evaluation. West wing very good, east wing ok, but the tower wing is shockingly poor. The sad part is that the hotel hs such great lounge…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Glorified Premier Inn,"The hotel is average at best. The rooms are clean and quite spacious but that's something you would expect with such a big hotel. Expensive though for what isn't much better than a premier inn... We had the breakfast which was WAY overpriced anyway and was absolutely awful. I paid £35 for two continental breakfasts which had a rock hard, stone cold croissant and warm orange juice.   A comfortable nights sleep and a train station is just round the corner. Oxford Street is a short walk away. So all in all a good location.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5125-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great service!,"Went down to London for the first time and by choosing this hotel we really did ourselves a favor. Great hotel, clean rooms, perhaps a bit disappointing breakfast however an excellent service, especially the receptionist Brando whom happily helped us with whatever silly problems we came with. Thank you Hilton London Metropole you made our trip even better!",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
5115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Modern and comfortable hotel in a super location,"We had a short stay in this Hilton hotel on a Sunday evening. All of the staff were incredibly professional, friendly and wanted to help to make our stay as relaxing as possible. We stayed in a Superior Double Queen room that had plenty of space and was amazingly quiet considering it was facing the main road. We ordered bath rooms and extra tea/coffee from guest services which both arrived very promptly. There were slight delays (minutes) at check in, although this was in part due to our late booking and the staff were incredibly apologetic and offered us a gesture of good will for the wait. Would definitely stay again for business or leisure.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
5116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No better than a Premier Inn,"Good location ,expensive rooms,expensive bars breakfast not included in standard room rates.Long queues at check in and baggage room.visited hotel for a function nearby and due to late allocation of rooms had to make a hurried change after arriving in good time to attend, apology made by hotel.Over priced everthing no better than a Premier Inn. Steve Warrington ",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
5117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"This hotel was disappointing when compared to other Hilton's at which I have stayed. Although the rooms are clean and comfortable with good views, the dining room leaves quite a bit to be desired. Breakfast service was very slow, and we had to ask for coffee each morning. The one night we had the dinner buffet, my fish had been cooked to n the consistency of paste, and they ran out of some of the items on the buffet. If you stay there, I suggest you east elsewhere.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid,"Bad mattress, faceless industrial service staff, tiny rooms with no drawer storage and very busy. Do not even think about additional services or you will be charged. Fire akarms at night were a nice touch too. Only good features are the breakfast (very busy) and the location close to the underground (on strike for 2 days).",None,1.0
5119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5130-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very poor,Stayed here for 1 night. Check in was a nightmare and we had an apology for that. Eventually given a room - with an adjoining door to another room where there were young children. Therefore woken at 7am with their screaming. At 8 am the cleaner hammered on the door to be in - we were checking out at 11! Breakfast was a joke! The queue to get into the dining room was down the corridor and at least 50 people in front. Once in the dining room it was self service - and we were pushed and jostled the whole time. Not what I expected and would not stay here again.,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Conveniently located, caters to tourists","Very close to both Edgware tube stops, which are great stops for getting around. We had a problem with a mattress in a room, so they put is un another room straightaway (though I suspect they never fixed the mattress).  I've stayed here a few times, and early check-in has never been available.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Queue and queue again,"My husband and I stayed for one night here in order to attend a function nearby. I was surprised by the sheer size of the hotel, it felt very much like checking in at an airport. Despite very friendly staff who were obviously doing their best to please it is a very commercial conveyor belt environment. We joined quite a long queue to check in, which though fortunately moved at a reasonably steady pace was not something we welcomed after an early start and train/taxi journey to London.  Despite being advised in our invitation that we would be able to check in by 2:00pm we were told that check in was not possible until 3:00, but we could leave our bags.We duly joined the line of guests queuing to leave their bags. This only took a short time, but again something we could have done…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect Hotel,"Nice and centrally located hotel. Stayed here first time, liked the hospitality and location. Food from the restaurant was awesome. I enjoyed in Sauna. They only thing i realised that they musy provide free wifi for the guests in house. will be back again.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Poor Hotel, Very Disappointed in Experience","I stay in quite a lot of hotels with my job around the country including london, however i booked the Hilton london metropole for a leisure stay over the easter break for two nights. Before i go into the review, After the booking was made online (which was pretty painless) i received 4 (yes 4) emails in the space of 10 days asking me to upgrade to a deluxe room for a ""special"" rate £50 per night. I did not take advantage of this offer.   Upon arrival The world Irish Dancing competition was being held in the hotels function suites and the place was very busy, with the lobby and bars overcrowded and there seems to be no planning or organisation from the hotel. We waited 25 minutes to check in due to a ""computer"" error. When we finally got to our room on the 5th floor, one of the…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
5124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5135-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent child friendly hotel,"We stayed for two nights with our five year old grandchildren and were pleasantly surprised, after reading some of the negative reviews.   We arrived by train into Marylebone (so much calmer than Euston with children plus luggage) and this hotel is just one tube stop from Marylebone. Hotel is right next to tube. Checked in without delay at 1pm to a superior family room on 12th floor of West Wing. All excellent - room spacious with two double beds, desk and table/chairs. Very clean - lots of toiletries and numerous fluffy towels. West Wing also seemed quieter.   Staff were friendly and efficient - especially nice to children. The first morning there was a slight queue for breakfast but glasses of orange juice were brought to us while we waited. Once seated, service and breakfast…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor function venue,"I've just come back from a function at the hotel and left early despite hosting a table (my clients had already made their excuses and left)  The tables were cramped to the point of desparate uncomfortableness. I had my legs splayed around a table leg which itself was wedged against my chair metal front - I couldn't have pushed myself inwards anymore yet the staff (trying their hardest) to serve pushed me forwards meaning the whole table tipped! The wine listed on the menu (2 bottles of white and 2 of red for the whole table) when replenished was different and of inferior quality The food - give them their due - was superb. However the PINK lighting gave everything a differnt hue so the potato looked like swede, the red cabbage was black and the butter looked like salmon paste! …",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
5126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"It was ok, but not brilliant.","The room was nice, bed was big and comfy. We used swimming pool and sauna, which was nice, and one of the reason why we choose the hotel. Location is good, close to Oxford street. However we were surprised that after paying quite a bit of money for the room, you don't even get internet! I tried to connect to wifi, and the charge for 1 day is £15, which is ridiculous. Even the cheapest hotels offer complementary wifi. It's quite a bit of a rip off. Especially annoying as you don't get a good signal in hotel rooms (at least I didn't get one in my room on 21st floor). The overall experience was ok.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Metropole,"We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights April 2014 for the Irish Dancing World Championships.  The rooms were lovely, the breakfast fantastic. The check in was meant to be 3pm but our room wasnt ready til after 4pm which annoyed us. We got a group rate with CLRG but it still was expensive to stay here.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay somewhere else in London!,"Just returned from a two night stay with my boyfriend for his birthday. My feelings towards this hotel are very mixed. The pro's are the hotel itself is lovely and the reception and bars are all very modern. The hotel also very kindly upgraded our room to a Superior room free of charge as it was my boyfriends birthday. After numerous phone calls previously to the hotel I had arranged for a birthday cake and balloons to be in the room on arrival as a surprise for my boyfriend and was constantly assured they would be in the room. We get to the room and there was nothing. I called down to reception asking what had happened and that now the surprise was ruined and I didnt want it. They then told me it was going to be delivered shortly, no apology. I dont know if my idea of ""shortly""…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
5129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5140-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Busy hotel, poor value for a Hilton","Firstly, contrary to the view of some reviewers, we found staff to be very helpful and friendly. This was good as the hotel was VERY busy. But the building is a rabbit warren and if the pretty small ""refurbished"" room which we had is a deluxe room, what can an ordinary room be like? We had a group rate but there must be better value hotels for the normal price. The venue was crowded for the Irish Dancing Championships and we had concerns at the lack of emergency signs etc. in the performance areas. If a fire had occurred..... Breakfast was fine considering the pressure of takers! So I have to give it a thumbs down, but not the helpful staff.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great value for money and the staff were all superb,"We arrived at 12:30 after a quick walk from Paddington to a busy check-in area. My Hhonors Diamond status got me a very warm welcome and an upgrade to an executive room which was available for immediate access. Room was clean and modernised with a nice view of the Post Office Tower, the Shard and the London Eye in the distance. The executive Lounge was excellent and the staff eager to help with suggestions and directions. Free afternoon tea with a good selection of sandwiches, scones with cream and jam and cakes from 3:00pm to 6:00pm. Free hot and cold snacks with drinks from 6:00pm to 8:00pm included soup, salmon en croute, cheeses,  Cordoniu sparkling wine,  Penfolds red and white, shorts, beer, baileys etc. Free Continental Breakfast is served in the lounge from 6:30am to…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
5131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel,Stayed here for three nights in April for the World Irish Dancing Championships. We had a room on the 13th floor which looked out to the tube station and a very busy road.  The hotel is very large and was very busy but had plenty of very helpful staff.  I thought the room was ok but nothing special and was on the small side.  The EDG bar was very comfortable but drinks were expensive.  The buffet breakfast was included in our package and was very nice with a good choice although there was a queue to be seated.  The hotel is located in a multi cultural area with a lot of ethnic shops and restaurants.  Opposite the hotel entrance is a Marks and Spencer and a beautiful French patisserie which serves delicious cakes and has a small coffee shop.  All areas of the hotel were always…,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,decent hotel,"Stayed here for three nights during the holiday weekend. Although it was a busy time there was no trouble with rooms and staff were very quick at checking you in. Staff was also very friendly and helpful. Rooms were good size,modern and bed was really comfy. Only downfall was the bathroom as it was far too small and was not very modern. The bathroom looked very old, didnt appear very clean as taps and walls were dingy looking. There was cracks on the tiles and they were dirty looking too. Stay in tower amasing views of london and visit pub right across from hotel they do 5 pound cocktails every day 4-8. The buffet breakfast was out of this world so many choices and food was fresh and tasty. Subway two minutes away so all tourist sites are easy to get too. Was a good stay enjoyed…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worse service in the world.,I have traveled extensively for years. This hotel without question had the worse service I have ever experienced. The security staff at this hotel is aggressive and hostile. I felt like I was a prisoner and not a guest. The staff  is not equipped to handle large groups or conventions. The rooms are tiny and  worn. Very disappointed in Hilton as this hotel does not live up to the bands reputation.   I would avoid this area of London as  neighborhood was not the best. If I was not part of a group I would have checked out within a day.   I do have to say the cleaning staff was very nice as was the hilton honors checkin attendant other than that  horrible service.,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
5134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5145-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expected more from this hotel,"I've stayed five nights at Hilton, for a conference that happened there. The hotel is very big, its facilities a bit wore down, service is average (constant lines at front desk, couldn't find anyone at business center more than one time). Room was ok, comfortable bed, basic TV channels (news), not very good heating system, lacking more electricity plugs.  Bathroom was small, shower was good and cleaning also ok. Free wifi only in common areas and only for one hour. In room, internet is very expensive.  Local is in a good location, near hyde park and also oxford street, near tube and paddington station, where heathrow express arrives. It's the islamic neighborhood, so many good persian and arabic restaurants around - also, there's a marks spencer in front and some supermarkets…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very poor experience,"I stayed the hotel for one night with my daughter as we were attending the World Irish Dance Championships.  On checking in I asked for an upgrade but was told the room I had was excellent and there were no other rooms available.  This was interesting as other guests did get upgrades!   The room, a Deluxe Double was very small and smelt of fish!   The hotel is overpriced for what was on offer.   The hotel was chaotic with the large numbers of guests attending the championships, and did not seem to be able to cope with this kind of event.   I did complain and was offered an apology - not good enough Hilton !!",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
5136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,very surprised indeed,"this hotel surprised me, its quite big plenty of stairs"" if your as fit as a fiddle"" nice bright lobby, the drinks were absolutely extortionate £11.20 for a glass of wine is a bit mad!! the room was cramped ive bruses on my legs from hitting my shin off the end of the bed while passing the fridge that has the tv sitting on top of it ""not ideal either""  i've a rather large bruse on my side where the door handle kept sticking into my side,to take a shower you'd to dress in the room as the bathroom has no fan and the windows in the room were locked shut made it very stuffy. a massive hotel like this with hundreds of chains I was expecting nicer rooms to be honest, the matress on the bed was all sagging and lumpy, there was a charge of £60 for my 4days broadband which givin the rate…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
5137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,very surprised,"this hotel surprised me, its quite big plenty of stairs nice bright lobby, the drinks were absolutely extortionate £11.20 for a glass of wine is a bit mad!! the room was cramped ive bruses on my legs from hitting my shin off the end of the bed while passing the fridge that has the tv sitting on top of it ""not ideal either"" to take a shower you'd to dress in the room as the bathroom has no fan and the windows in the room were locked shut made it very stuffy. a massive hotel like this with hundreds of chains I was expecting nicer rooms to be honest, there was a charge of £60 for my 4days broadband which givin the rate I paid for my room  it should have been free. I don't like leaving comments like this but to be honest if someone had giving me  a heads up id have been better…",None,3.0
5138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London metropole,"The hotel was in a really multicultural area. Restaurant choices within walking distance were minimal unless you wanted very middle eastern type food. The staff was not very knowledgeable about the transportation situation. We booked a car to airport thought concierge and it never showed up.  They were however very accommodating when we asked for a room change.  Our original room smelled like rotting fish. One employee stayed with us until our issue was resolved. It was resolved after moving us three times.  It is very convenient for the use of the tube.  I would recommend getting around that way, the streets are very crowded. The bathrooms are tiny and showers were a trickle of water.  We had the hilton honors wifi but it didn't work all over the hotel as promised. Breakfast…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5150-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big hotel with a lot of groups using it!,"This is a big hotel, used a lot by groups! Yes, it could use a bit of TLC., but is reasonable enough for a weekend in London. Good public transport conncections. But: wifi is free in the public areas but not in the rooms! And the breakfastroom is not big enough to accomodatethe numberof peoplestaying in the hotel, which means a big line waiting for a table. Also, if you get a voucher at reception, you only pay 10 pounds for breakfast, whilst if you pay at the restaurant 18 pounds. That is money quickly saved!",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Simply Unacceptable,"As a Hhonors Diamond member, my standards are very high and after a wonderful experience at Hilton Heathrow T 5 we were left very disappointed and underwhelmed at this property.  Upon arrival on Easter sunday afternoon, it was chaos, long check in lines, people everywhere. we were sent to wait in the executive lounge. To be fair the lounge service was excellent, lovely afternoon tea great selection of cocktails and canapés in the evening and we liked the fact that children are not allowed in the lounge during cocktail hour. staff aimed to please, but our disappointment here was the product not the service. We were initially shown to deluxe rooms that had a great view but were simply standard Hilton guest rooms and very old!!!! When we were eventually given executive rooms, it…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
5141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Getting worse,"Second stay in not-too-long. The good.  Asked by email for early check-in since my flight arrived LHR @10.  Perfect, smooth, friendly, courteous, efficient. I was napping by 11:15. The dude went to me was an arrogant fool and that's why he didn't get an early check-in.  The staff are amazing. Clone and export them. The bad. In a word, the property. (Yes, two words, shut up) This time the wifi in the room (339) was all-but inaccessible. The SSID either didn't come up, or had one bar strength. It was barely any better in the executive lounge on the 2nd floor.  The standard of finish and the layout are the same so allow me to recapitulate. The bathroom layout is as dumb as a box of rocks. They should remove the bath and use a large shower cubicle instead. That would negate the need…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
5142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The Hilton save your money stop elsewhere,If you want a view of a air cooler a few feet from your window then The Hilton is the place to stay.  Bedrooms need revamping paint peeling carpets dirty.  Very expensive for such poor quality of rooms.  Breakfast lovely and lobby areas.,Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
5143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,We had a terrific time at Irish World Dancing Championships in the Hilton Metropole Hotel.  Our bedroom was small but there was plenty of wardrope space to cater for two adults and two children.  bathroom was clean and beds very comfortable.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5155-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,get up early for hot water!,"This is a really nice hotel.  Good public areas, good clean rooms, and London being smaller than you think, most areas are accessible through a short taxi ride.  The only let down was there was no hot water in the morning, barely luke warm. It was fine the night before, so was just due to the hotel size. So don't get up late!",None,3.0
5145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Dissappointing,"The Irish Dance World Championships was on at the hotel and it seems that the Hotel had took on more than it was capable of dealing with. Very very dissappointed, numerous issues with lighting, air con, hot water , cold food at breakfast and payments",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
5146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,We Had a fabulous experience at the hilton metropole,"Arrived last weekend for a 3 night stay with my daughter. We were part of a large group and the hotel was full. Deborah greeted us with a big smile at reception and went to great lengths to arrange a non smoking room as we arrived late and only the smoking rooms were left. She organised an Upgrade to a non smoking deluxe room in the towers with a city view, free of charge, we were over the moon and the room was beautiful, spacious and very clean.  Deborah couldn't be more helpful at reception,  my first impressions of this hotel was very good,  I have honestly never felt so welcome and I have stayed in many hotels.  Breakfast each morning was fabulous, we were down at 7am so we didn't experience any queue, the staff were very helpful and efficient and couldn't do enough for us.…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
5147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,City views hotel,The hotel was fantastic and well equipped with an indoor pool and fitness centre. Close to attractions and comfortable rooms. Staff were friendly and helpful. Will definitely stay again had an excellent weekend with friends.,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
5148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not As Nice As Portrayed,First hotel that required pre-authorization on cc - type of prepayment which our family did not like as we wanted to pay part in cash. Room had bad odor. Staff not helpful with exception of concierge desk which was helpful with directions and tour suggestions. Decor plain; lobby basic as in 3star. Breakfast adequate as included in rate. Location excellent for getting to sites. Lots of extra charges - even for converter when our room lacked working plug! Rooms were smaller than usual Hilton.,None,3.0
5149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5160-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, pleasant stay","We stayed here in a twin room on Friday 11th April.  Room was clean and plenty spacious for what we needed it for.  The beds were comfortable and the air conditioning worked perfectly.  The bathroom was clean but the shower head could have done with a good de-limescale.  It was quite badly built up and made the spray go in every direction but the one we wanted!  It was also a bit cold but we were told this was because of the time we used it.  Luckily there was a bath so it was fine.  The bar on the top floor has an amazing view.  Well worth going for a drink to appreciate it.  The cocktails were plentiful choice-wise and very well made.  The breakfast was delicious.  Hot and plenty of choices for all tastes.   Our waiter didn't listen to us, we asked for one normal coffee and…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Memorable stay..,"I stayed at this hotel with my wife on 6th April 2014. It was my wife's second day in UK and we were given a free upgrade to the 20th floor with Sky to watch cricket T20 world cup final, and YES we won the world cup making this stay the 'most memorable hotel stay' of my life so far. We were warmly welcomed by 'Erinda' of the reception. Thank you Hilton London Metropole team for your great service.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
5151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Customer service as bad as the floorplan,"I recently stayed at the Hilton Metropole for a business conference.  The incredibly awkward layout of the hotel reflects the fact that it was built in stages, with labarynthine hallways leading to poorly lit, poorly located conference rooms.  More than once my collegaues and I joked that there should be a piece of cheese waiting for us after our daily trips from our rooms to the conference area, since we felt like lab mice running a maze.  After my visit, I was told that there was a double booking in my name and I would be charged a no-show fee for three nights.  I believe this occurred because after I booked a room on my own, the conference coordinator moved me off of a wait list.  In any event, I explained that I was, in fact, present and had already paid for my room.  Hilton…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
5152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Pleasant Stay,"Stayed for ten days in the family room, 2 queen beds and a setting area with pull out sofa.  Family rooms are hard to find in London and we were quite happy with ours.  The room had a desk, and was cleaned daily. The key to this hotel is location, it is a short five minute walk from Paddington Station where the Heathrow Express stops.  It was also very close to three tube stations providing easy access to the rest of London via the tube.  The room was clean and we never had a problem with hot water, or pressure.  Room service was fast and affordable, and there were numerous restaurants nearby with Mediterranean style food, some were very affordable with excellent food.  The breakfast buffet was excellent and the service outstanding; we never had an issue with having to wait for…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,very central and accessible,"We have been using this Hilton Hotel already several times, as it is very nice, well kept, well serviced an especially centrally located, near all means of public transport. The rates we usually have includes the breakfast which is the Hilton standard, meaning excellent and rich. We are two adults and two children and the rooms are spacious enough for the family.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5165-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole experience,"Well located, not far off from Paddington and Edge ware road station. Rooms are a good size to accommodate families with children. Bathroom room and facilities are good, clean and user friendly. Problems with the Wi-Fi usage and accessibility.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing. Not worth the money-location good.,Disappointing. Expect for the location it was not worth the money. And they put us in a room with two single beds- we booked a double. You couldn't swing a cat in the room and it smelt musty and old. It would be a lot easier if they had helped with the inner city car tax which held us up for over an hour. Had to wait ages for breakfast as the hotel was full. Would have complained about the room but was tired after a 24 hr flight. ,Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
5156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,3 day short break,"The hotel is at a great location and a reasonable taxi fare from Euston so no need to haul suitcases on the underground. The hotel is lovely with spacious rooms, we had a twin queen with executive status. The executive lounge is a must have but make sure you plan agenda carefully as canapes and alcohol are only between 6.30 and 8 despite it saying it's open until 11, but the stylish and peaceful environment especially at breakfast more than compensates The restaurants are nice but be warned like all premium hotels a touch pricey. The restaurant on the 23rd floor has spectacular views be prompt in booking a table as its smaller than one would expect. The staff throughout the hotel are friendly and professional and do everything to make sure you have a wonderful time. Other…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
5157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great, but had some flaws","Huge hotel and very close to the city centre. The staff is fine, yet some are really helpful and nice, while others are rude. The breakfast is good, but I can't say it was great. The room was pretty clean and had huge beds!!! You really enjoyed your sleep. The restaurants and bars inside the hotel were marvelous! I really liked it, but I don't know if I would prefer it again in the future.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
5158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,hilton hotel experience,nice hotel. just please do not go to the sky bar situated at the very top of the hotel. 2 drinks cost us £48. the hotel was very clean and comfortable. the rooms did not have any complimentary bottles of water in them which surprised me considering it was a highly rated hotel.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5170-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dinner,"The views from this restaurant are really quite striking,a good first impression and always helps to set the atmosphere for a memorable evening ahead. We ordered the sushi platter and the seabass,both were excellent,well cooked and presented. Our waitress was very attentive and the food was complemented by a wine chosen by the manageress,who obviously has an extensive knowledge of pairing the perfect wines to match the food. We felt totally looked after without it becoming pretentious,this made for a very relaxed and memorable dining experience. Very much a team effort from all the staff,clearly managed by a very capable manageress at the helm of the restaurant. We will definitely re-visit.",None,5.0
5160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, just around the corner from Marble Arch.","Very good location, good rooms, and a good price. There is a bus stop on either side of the road, and Edgeware Road Underground station is right across the street.   Not the best Hilton I've stayed at - the first rooms were were in appeared a bit run down, but we were transferred later to a family wing where the rooms were new. We were there at Christmastime which meant that timing to use the pool and fitness center was limited and service was choppy.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the best hilton ,Although it might be the biggest hilton in Europe ! And although the interior looks good ! But for a large hotel I think service wasn't the best I've experienced ! Not very nice staff at reception. Rooms felt like 1996 ! Too stupid to pay 14 pounds a day for a wifi that doesn't work properly ! And with the prices you can stay in a better location more central and avoid the hassle of Edgware Rd ! However breakfast was good and breakfast staff were wonderful and best thing in the hotel ! And having said all that I may return to this hotel ! It isn't too bad but if you have better options stay somewhere else ! Plenty of Better hiltons in London ! ,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,I love staying here.  This is an excellent hotel with great food (unusually) in the hotel restaurant.  The price is a bit more than usual for a Hilton; however my stay here was better than my stay in the Hilton in New York! .... by far! I highly recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor service from staff,"The staff were rude putting the phone down on me when i complained, we upgraded to a poorer room so we could check in early. I had to involve the duty manager twice before the issues were resolved and had to change rooms at 11pm at night with no help from the staff. My whole experience from start to finish was a disaster.",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
5164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5175-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pass marks,"We were a very late arrival to the hotel, so very relieved to find it within a very short walk from Edgware Road Underground station.  Our check in was seamless and girl we dealt with very pleasant.  Our room was in the Tower block, 11 floors up!  One thing, the lifts are very quick.  When we got to our room, we were a bit disappointed as to the size of the room.  I know, size isn't everything, but we struggled to navigate round the room without getting in each other's way!  There was a stand for a suitcase, but it wasn't ideally placed as the lighting in the room was inadequate.  The room was clean though, so no issues with that at all.  Our room was a twin and I've lost count how many times I walked into the corner of the beds.  There was a huge tv in the room, but the…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
5165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel,"We stayed here for one night as it is in a good location for Paddington and the Heathrow Express. We arrived at a busy time and a queue was forming for check-in; within less than a minute more desks were opened and the queue quickly disappeared. Our room was more than adequate, it was clean, the beds were comfy and the bathroom was large with both bathtub and a separate shower. We made an early start enjoying the pool and steam room; breakfast was good with plenty of choice which set us up for what was going to be a long day travelling. I can't fault this hotel and the staff whom we came into contact with were pleasant and helpful.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lovely stay, fantastic reception service.",Stayed here the first weekend of April as I was visiting a friend and needed a cheap deal on a room. I came across this hotel on laterooms as part of their secret hotel deals. Got it for a bargain price! We were greeted by a gentleman named Edean on reception who was very welcoming and a credit to the hotel. He was very informative and helped us with our room details. We booked a twin room as that was the deal on laterooms but he upgraded us to a king size bed which was much more comfortable. The room itself was very spacious with a nice view. The bathroom was clean and you had a choice of a bath or a shower which was nice as many hotels don't offer this. It's normally one or the other. Me and my boyfriend had a nice and quiet stay in a perfect location for us to meet our…,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
5167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Happy Customer BUT NO WIFI,"Hotel was very nice as it should be for the amount one pays to stay in it.   However, there was no wifi signal in the rooms.  Luckily I had gone on a vacation so did not use it much.  The wifi signals were excellent in the bathroom and nest to the main door.  The interent company told me to stand next to the door if I wanted to use the wifi or sit in the bathroom.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
5168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Handy for Paddington,"Our train comes in to Paddington, so we always use this hotel when in London. It is a pleasant walk there beside the canal basin. Best value is to book an executive room, as the price difference is made up for with breakfast and evening snacks.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5180-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just business?,"There will be people thinking that hilton metropole it is a business hotel but I went there with my wife to scape a bit from noise and we had lovely time in swimming pool, also we had nice chat in executive lounge and in the heart of London. I was so lucky that the receptionist named Sergio check me in along with my wife.always smiling and delivering a service beyond any kind of expectations he is an asset for this company and if all receptionist would be half the way he is then you would have the best staff ever. He is a star and so is metropole hilton I will definitely come back ",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
5170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Dated hotel, not great staff","We checked in for a night and started positively with the room ready at 11am.  When I went to the room, the hallway 'tiger' carpet was interesting, and presumably to take your eye away from the wallpaper that was peeling off.  When entering the room the overall impression is one of it being very dated and tired.  The carpet and wallpaper were worn, as was the bed sheets.    The bathroom was also very old with lots of dirt on the shower door and shower head.  The executive lounge, whilst also dated and in need of a refurbishment was a constant chore of having to ask for replacements that ran out - although the staff clearly have their favourites (helping one customer out with a box of fruit and a plastic bag filled with bottles of water).  Overall this hotel has seen better days…",Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
5171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,trip to london,the location was great. but the room size is small and they gave wrong room when I checked in. I came from very long trip and I stayed in the room for some time then another guest came and told me that this his room,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Slick, corporate hotel with great facilities","This is a huge hotel very close to Edgware Tube (one stop from Paddington mainline rail station).  Check in was efficient and I was offered an instant upgrade of free Wi-Fi, declined this as unnecessary and was offered a lovely, refurbished room instead.  The room consisted of two queen beds, a modern, clean bathroom, complimentary refreshments and modern decor throughout.  The hotel is busy and bustling, plenty of places to relax - a sports bar and other, quieter places to drink and eat.  Breakfast offers everything one would expect from continental to the full English and again, service is very efficient.  Spent the day in the hotel at a corporate event and the facilities and catering throughout the day were of a high standard.  I would happily use this hotel again for…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great vacation - London Hilton Metropole (O Donnells Ireland),"Stayed in this great hotel for 5 nights in February with my husband and son.  Early check in, lovely spacious clean modern room.  Breakfast very good each morning, no queing. Staff very helpfull and friendly in all areas. Swimming pool lovely and water warm. Hotel ideally located close to 2 tube stations with tubes to all the tourist attractions.  Plenty of shops, restaurants in the local area of Edgware Road.  Only complaint I would have to make is that the drinks in the hotel were expensive.  Beautifull restaurant on the 23 floor with views of London.  Would definitely stay here again. Great holiday had by all.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5185-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London visit,"For a Hilton hotel, I was very disappointed.  Was not as clean and professionally ran.  Ice maker not working.  Electrical outlets not working.  Slow service in the Sports Bar.  Noisy-heard every door that shut on our floor, I swear.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A fab Mother's Day treat,"I booked this hotel, using Hilton Honors points, as it was  Mother's Day weekend, and I wanted to spend time with my daughter in London. Fantastic hotel in every aspect.  We were allowed to check in early, friendly staff, great food in the restaurant (both dinner and breakfast) with lots of choice. The hotel pool was a great bonus for London, and not too busy - a great thing for families to enjoy, when tired of shopping or sightseeing. Location is perfect - buses outside go to Oxford Street, and the tube is very convenient, too. We had access to the Executive Lounge which was very much appreciated. The only snag (and I think it is to do with legal reasons) is that children are not allowed in after 5/6pm, when the alcohol comes out. So, being on my own with my daughter, this…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay away,The service is shocking! Your room over looks a man masturbating in his window! The staff do not offer you a room change! Hadass fink on reception will laugh at this! She is meant to be the reception manager! Garry Jenkins security officer threatens pregnant ladies! Imelda salazar offers you a coffee to try and sort this out! And at no point is a apology offered! After their internal investigation they claim they have done nothing wrong! How very wrong they are!   These are all facts they do not threaten anyone they merely point out the reaction of the staff,Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
5177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"As it was my husband and I first time in London we thought we should stay at the Metropole as the location suited us best. We got at the hotel fairy early but was delighted to manage to get a early check in thanks to Sergio who was very helpful. After that we endured a few issues that really took some time to resolve which really made me an my husband very stressed and annoyed.  The time it took for the bags to reach our room was ridicules, If i known it would have taken over five hours I wouldn't have given them in. We called the apparent helpful 0 button but the staff didn't seem to know what was going on. She said she was going to investigate an call back, but she never.  Above our room we had very loud noises that didn't help us sleep, we asked a girl about this noise in…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"My family and I had 6 night stay here. We found this to be an excellent base for our trip to London. We booked through British air with hotel flight package. We booked family superior queen with pullout sofa and were not disappointed. We  bought Breakfast included which is a must since it is great and plentiful. The concierge desk was helpful and attended our every need. Internet is expensive but I found it a necessary expense. For American's looking for a family hotel I think metropole is a great option. Edgware road is interesting but do not be afraid to get out and explore. There are many markets around with ready made sandwich and drinks, so budgets are easier. As with any location protect purses and such when out but still a good area",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
5179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5190-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,terrefic stay at london hilton metropole,it was a great stay for me and my wife last week starting from the warm welcome and speedy service at the check in who made the real difference. then the room was very clean and internet connection was good.The brakfast both in quality and service was of a high standard.Looking forward to stay there again specially the ideal location.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Beware, not Hilton quality.","First, they are massaging these reviews, writing long positive reviews to cover the real reviews. This much is obvious.  The lines, the rooms, the inexperienced staff. It's a stain on the Hilton brand, but it's a convention hotel so most have no choice.  At least the location is good, but I won't return to this hotel. It appears the management does not care -- except for the reviews, like this one, that cost them business,  so they'll simply respond and wash it away with gushing, long, purchased praise.  Beware.",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
5181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly surprised after reading reviews here,Booked this as part of the secret hotels offer from Last Minute.  Was apprehensive when I came on here before we went and warned husband not to expect too much.  We were put in the tower however we were upgraded to an executive room that had been renovated.  The room was nicely decorated and modern however it was very small.  I'd hate to see the size of a standard if this is executive.  We were on the 20th floor so had lovely views.  Service good but only had breakfast one of the mornings as it was chock-a-block. Breakfast choice is plentiful. Lovely staff although the bar staff could've been more attentive especially after saying just sit down and we'll be over to take your order.  We're still waiting.  Had snacks in the restaurant on the top floor and cocktails which was nice.…,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Annoying Charge,"I stayed at the Hilton Metropole last week. The stay was comfortable however, was extremely annoyed by two phone call charges. I was charged over $14 for two phone calls that I made but never spoke with anyone. The first call did not go through, so I tried again. I was not able to speak with anyone both times and did not even get a voicemail. When describing my concern at checkout, the girl confirmed I did not speak with anyone however, just apologized for the charge and that it was automatic as soon as you dial a number. Did not offer any sort of compensation. Annoyed.",None,3.0
5183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just returned from a fantastic weekend at this hotel,"Having booked through secret hotels with lastminute.com, we were wary about going to the hotel.  We didn't know what we were booking and read the reviews after we had booked.  Fortunately all of our concerns based upon reviews that we had read, were unfounded. We had a fantastic stay at this hotel. This for us, was so important as it was my partners 40th Birthday.   We arrived at the hotel, and were upgraded, but there was a problem with the room. Staff were so helpful, and they moved us to a room in the west wing (room 970)  Everywhere that we went in the Hillton, staff were friendly and smiling. They made us feel welcome with attention to detail and customer service being excellent.   We were also slightly wary about the area, having read poor reviews. However, this was also…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5195-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wonderful time again.,"This is our second visit to this lovely hotel. Yes i agree it is huge but all staff are friendly,polite and helpful. Our room on the tenth floor was lovely and spacious. We enjoyed the executive lounge and its facilities. The highlight of the stay has to be the minako on  the 23rd floor. Cocktails gazing over lodon.absolutely fantastic and can't wait to revisit",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,hilton metropole,"we had a wonderful stay at this hotel with our little kids. The rooms were spacious and the location best for city hopping, next to the tube station. i would recommend this hotel to any one travelling with small kids.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not kid friendly,"This is my second stay at this hotel. It was the first with my family. As others have stated, it appears to not be in the best part of London. However, it's a short 6 minute walk to Paddington with nice restaurants etc. 10 minute walk to Marble Arch and Oxford Street.  As a diamond member, they did upgrade both rooms to superior queens, which gave us much more space with the kids. This was greatly appreciated.  Two HUGE complaints. We were in rooms 1164 and 1165. Every single time we left the west wing tower, our keys would reset. And I mean every time. This made it very inconvenient to go back down the lift, across the hotel to get the keys reset, especially toting along young children. Maintenance came by, but of course the keys worked for them since we hadn't actually left…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A solid hotel,"Currently in the middle of a 9-night stay here and wanted to share some thoughts.  This is an enormous convention hotel that is somewhat lacking in charm solely by virtue of its size, but that has in no way dampened my overall positive feelings of the hotel.  Despite the size it somehow never feels crowded, and the lobby and public areas are all nicely appointed, well decorated, and kept very clean.  I am a Hilton HHonors Gold member and was kindly granted an upgrade to a Queen Superior room upon request, as we have three people and required the extra space.  The room has two queen beds and is around the same size as an average two-queen-bed room in the United States, which is a huge room for London.  There is plenty of space, the room is nicely appointed, the beds are extremely…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Good,"I recently stayed at this hotel, the week of March 16th, 2014.  My check in was quick and efficient.  The room was a good size and had the necessary essentials I was looking for in a European hotel. The hotel is very centrally located for the London sites.  The Edgware underground is a  two minute walk, either for the Bakerloo or the Center Lines, and the major bus routes are on either sides of the four corners of the intersection at the hotel.  A number of cabs are always parked on the side of the hotel. The concierge desk is very knowledgeable and helpful in navigating any location, and in my opinion add  a great value to the value of the hotel. The Lobby Bar staff are all very friendly and lovely.   The housekeeping, in my room at least, failed miserably.  The beds were done…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5200-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable rooms...good location...excellent pool!,"Visited for 4 nights with our kids...comfy rooms and quite spacious for Europe.  Right across the street from 2 different Tube stations, so very convenient for transportation.  Close to Paddington station to take the express train from Heathrow.  Short 2-min cab ride from Paddington.  Very good service by all employees of the hotel.  Wireless internet too expensive!  Free internet in lobby was very spotty and almost worthless to us.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Excellent, modern hotel","Just returned from a two night stay at this great hotel.The rooms were spacious and lovely. Customer service was excellent. We had to wait a while to check in, so they upgraded us to a suite! Well worth the wait! One of the best hotels I've stayed in in London. We were staying on floor 12 of the West Wing and the view was excellent. I'd definitely recommend. I'm really shocked at the other TripAdvisor reviews to be honest! Clearly some people just love to complain!",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton quality,"Location, age and general guest amenities all questioned.  Maybe convention or conference facilities acceptable but for a elderly couple the hotel was not user friendly.  Did not feel safe in neighborhood, and no hotel help other than explaining ""how far to walk to underground"".  Transportation not available from site?",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,WELOME FAWLTY TOWERS! That's being polite!,"We decided to book a lastminite secret hotel and ended up with the awful Hilton Metropole! On arrival the lobby and reception area are clearly the only areas recently refurbished and lead you to believe this is a nice hotel. After check in we were informed our standard double room wasn't ready and that we would be in a delux room on the 18th floor with a view. We excitedly arrived to our room only to find it dirty with tea stains on the carpet, ripped wallpaper, chipped tables, held together with duck tape!....YES DUCK TAPE, rotten radiator covers and the view was of a block of flats! Not the sort of people to normally complain we decided to mention that we were not happy to reception, who was polite and promised something better. We were moved to another non smoking delux room…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,They have rooms facing walls with no views and if you complain the customer service manager gets annoyed,I was checked into a room which had a window facing a wall when I rand down and spoke to customer service manager I was told I booked a standard room when I told her yes I did but not a standard with a view of a wall she gave me a lecture on how the hotel was good enough to check me sin at 2 3o on instead of 3 pm and that if u wasn't happy to come down to reception with no help with my luggage no nothing what a good customer service that is from Hilton  When u got to reception she approached me with an attitude saying you want to change your room do you is said I wasn't happy with the way she dealt with this and could I speak to her manager she then stated to me that she had be patient with me and that I should have booked a different room  This was customer service at its worst…,Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5205-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Way below Hilton standards, but probably ok for London","The title says it all really.   We booked an executive room and arrived at the hotel at 14:00. We then had to wait until 16:30 for the room to become available. The room was small, with old decor and a bathroom that had peeling paint on the wood and walls.We were so tired that we just accepted we would have to spend a week here.   The staff were friendly but many did not seem to know where various conference rooms were located. They obviously have significant staff turnover.   The restaurant was ok, but you will find much better Lebanese eateries close by.   The gym was very busy and after the first day I never bothered to return.   Overall I would suggest you find alternative locations when visiting London.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfortable Stay,"Stayed at the Metropole this past February. The location is top notch, for the price it really cannot be beat. Only a short distance to the main tourist traps (Westminster, Oxford St.) and only a tube station away from Baker St. (More tourist traps). For a business traveler, this hotel appears to be the best place to stay with large conference halls. Two tube stations are 2 mins away from the hotel, connecting to the Central, Hammerswitch and the other to the Bakerloo The staff was wonderful, quick and easy check in. The restaurant (Zonzo)that was recommended to us, was fantastic. Highly recommended.  The only negative aspect to this hotel was the size of our rooms. I understand that the hotel is older but two twin beds in a hotel just seems really out of place in a Hilton. The…",None,4.0
5196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,the best and the worst...,"We were in a suite with lounge access. Dirty walls and windows, very noisy due to poor insulation, kind but poor quality of room cleaning. Limited amount of toileteries, free water not replaced daily, small shower in the bathroom. On another side, comfortable bedding, good room service, wifi offered and good speed, very kind people. Excellent lounge but forbidden to kids after 6pm (really not nice if you want to take a drink before dinner and, again very dirty windows). Nice hot swimming pool, very clean... Very average quality of sleep due to noise from the outside. As we were in youth movement with my wife, we can survive to dirt but dirty windows that you cannot open and terrible tobacco smell in the living room were quite depressing. But early checkin, late checkout... Price…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good City Hotel - Lacking an Edge,"Regular large city hotel, nothing special but very functional and good value for money being in a good location in town. Room was good standard but decor was a bit 'tired' in parts. Main reeption areas are bright and welcoming. Staff were helpful and efficient but it all felt impersonal at times. Will stay again, but not at the top of my places to stay list.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average - go elsewhere if you can,"Incredibly underwhelmed after my stay at the Hilton Metropole.  The service in this hotel we felt was poor overall - frosty receptionist when we checked in, Internet room closed, with a re-direction the business centre (also closed), housekeeping entered our room at 8am to check when we were planning on leaving (waking us up in the process), took over 40 mins to locate our bags from the bag hold.  Room we stayed in clearly hadn't been refurbished in many years - and bed was quite uncomfortable. View from our room was of a beautiful concrete wall.  Good location for central London, but if you can find somewhere else to stay, I'd recommend you do. Gives Hilton a bad name.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5210-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Real big good hotel with swimming pool,This is an enormous hotel with almost 1000 rooms! My room in the East wing was fine and clean. Staff friendly and attentive.  Great to have an indoor swimming pool. Public areas are pleasant. Good location for Oxford street and shopping.,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Alaa Qali,Nice hotel and clean. Very friendly reception and helpful his name was sergio. Located in front of station no need to walk so far. Also it is near alot of arabic restaurants for arab people and easy to get to oxford street. Room is big and nice view  ,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Superb value for money,"I booked the Hilton as a lastminute.com top secret hotel. I feared being allocated the least attractive room due to the low rate, but I was pleasantly surprised on check in. I was allocated a 19th floor room in the tower. It was at the end of the corridor and a fantastic size with a king size bed. The only compromise was a shower cubicle rather than a bath. I got a good, undisturbed nights sleep although the air conditioning did struggle to truly cool the room. Breakfast was delivered in the morning bang on time and really set me up for the day. For such an enormous conference hotel the staff I meant were all really personable. I'd absolutely stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Good,"fast check-in & check out, we received complimentary room internet wifi free, special discount for morning breakfast 10 ponds each, clean rooms , excellent queen beds with comfort. room service very quick, international TV Channels, excellent location walking distance to oxford rd, Hyde park, first time guest/London visitor will not be worried about restaurants, pharmacies , supermarket , coffee shops , grocery stores , bus station , metro station all you will find in Edgware rd . Note : we stayed in the west wing , rooms are very small comparing with Hilton UAE",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,By far the worse Hilton I have been in yet,"For a Hilton, I had HIGH expectations and was greatly disappointed. I knew I had made a mistake when I walked in. The reception area was so cold and lifeless. The rooms are what I expect from lesser hotels and in serious need of refurbishment. The elevator looks like one best used for the service wing. In all, I was not impressed. It is better to stay at the Hilton Paddington as they are almost the same price. The only plus to this hotel is the location... If your business in London is in Edgeware. In all, it is not a bad hotel but do not expect a Hilton.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
5204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5215-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole London - great location but WORST service I have ever experienced,"My wife and I decided to take the two children for a weekend away in London from Shropshire.  We stayed in the Hilton Metropole overnight.   The hotel itself was spotless and well kept. It was modern and in a central location.  The level of service however was the worst I have ever experienced in any country.  Firstly, the hotel lost all of our luggage for nearly nine hours - I ended up having to enter the baggage room myself with a member of staff to look for my own bags at ten oclock at night.  This was wholly unacceptable.  It took seven phone calls to reception to have an extra mattress delivered to our room for our daughter to sleep on.  This finally arrived at just after 22.00hrs.  What was frustrating was that I had previously pre-booked an extra mattress to be available…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
5205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,AWFUL HOTEL!,"I stay in a lot of hotels for business and this was the worst experience I've had in many years...  3 out of 4 days of completely cold showers because the hot water ran out, staff that barely spoke english and had no concept of service, construction noise, a filthy room that stank of cigarette smoke when I checked in and needed to be changed, wireless internet that cost $59.99 but barely worked...  oh, and an egg at breakfast that bounced without a mark when struck with a knife... , and they never sent me my bill from the express checkout and then created a huge hassle to get it when I called the.  the list goes on and on.  you can do better, believe me!",Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
5206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,2nd biggest hotel in UK,"I booked a suite and hoped to be able to pay extra for the full Sky TV package ..... ""not available in this wing sir"". Suite very spacious, but really ready for a refurbishment.   Executive Lounge ..... too small for the size of hotel: get there early if you want a happy hour seat! Breakfast in lounge disappointing compared to other London Hilton with lounges. Only type of egg for breakfast were boiled .... and these were often really hard - boiled.  Approach to lounge is wierd! A red, shiny corridor more like a Chinese restaurant.   Breakfast downstairs much better if you get there early.  Bed was good, but lots of road noise.  Location is good. 10 minutes walk to Oxford Street and 5 mins to Baker Street. Tube station on the doorstep + Pret a Manger and M & S as well in case…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very impressed,"Stayed at the London Hilton Metropole for two nights. The whole experience was excellent from the professionalism of the staff, the room/facilities and the excellent breakfast menu. I can fully recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, but amenities a tad wonky","Stayed here for the weekend in between meetings.  Was set to do some work in between sightseeing, but had much difficulty with Internet access. Although the hotel provides WIFI, it was very unreliable.  I had to change rooms twice and each had variable service.  I'm not sure it's a IT issue or bandwidth, but had to constantly re-sign in -- even when in the Executive Lounge -- and the retrieval rate of webpages was inordinately slow... in fact frustratingly slow.  Over 48 hours had three rooms due to being moved, first to get an adequate Internet signal, and then because the toilet handle in second room would not produce any water for flushing.  The rooms were serviceable, but lack sufficient accessible outlets to plug in phone charger or laptop.  Staff were very accommodating…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5220-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent for business or personal,"The location of this hotel is great, close to so many things and transportation. The hotel staff is just wonderful and friendly. I stay here several times a month for business and I am always greeted with a smile and warm hello. Two of the hotel staff are Kris & Elizabeth and are always so pleasant and remember me by name which is always nice being so far from home.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Staff,"I stayed at the Hilton Metropole for one night last week. The executive room in the west wing was great (with access to the executive lounge - so worth the upgrade). East wing rooms need a bit of updating. Location of the hotel is great. Check in was fast and smooth and a big thank you to Sergio on the check in desk who was friendly, helpful and very professional. Iron board was broken in my room but one quick call to Guest Services and it was changed for a brand new one immediately. Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Why did I return?,"So I gave it another go. Wish I hadn't. I still can't work out whats wrong with the hotel. Is it too corporate, or too busy? I pulled up to the entrance and was told I could leave the car for 15mins by a doorman, when I went back to the car a security guard was calling it in as abandoned! Check in for Hilton Honors was 8 deep, yet regular check in was empty, I know it doesn't take a genius to pick the empty queue but reception wasn't calling over the honor guests ! I can't fault the room, it was clean and good size. But I went out at 9am on Friday and popped in later in the day, room hadn't been serviced. I asked the supervisor why it hadn't and she said I hadn't asked for it to be done in the morning ! Why would I expect that ? Executive lounge was ok if a little small. Snacks…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent for business trip,"Always a pleasure to stay at the Metropole. Front of house manager is a star, she ensures all staff are trained in being courteous to all guests & that all your needs are adhered too.  Upgrade to the executive rooms as these give you access to the executive lounge, offering a very nice evening bar service, along with excellent buffet breakfast if your prefer the peaceful environment instead of the main restaurant.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not bad, but overpriced","Price is rather expensive, most likely due to it's location in the Borough of Westminster, which is nothing special. It may be close to attractions such as Big Ben, Hyde Park & the London Eye, but if you are planning on getting there via London Underground, then it is actually further using the circle line. If I were to return, I'd rather stay in the Holiday Inn in Kensington, as it's more reasonably priced and in a better area. Edgware Road seemed to be some sort of an Arab ghetto, with a lot of Arabic shops and signage in Arabic, which I found rather surprising. Barely anyone seemed to speak English. Wouldn't recommend this area. The only plus side of my stay here was that the view wasn't too bad, there was a distant view of the London skyline (from floor 12) however, the…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
5214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5225-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great all round hotel,"Great value, complimentary upgrade and very friendly staff to assist me - They also remember me, being a gold HH member I frequently stay so it is nice to be made to feel at home.  Particular thanks tot he reception and Living Well staff.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel at a great location,"I stayed here with my family in 3 separate superior rooms.  Hotel was nice and always lively with a good atmosphere.  Good breakfast choices and a nice executive lounge made the stay even better.   Staff were also friendly and helpful.  Worth staying here, good deal with cash and reward points.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,self,good and decent environment to stay. also very close train station and a lot of super market amd shops around .theirs is a lot of multinational restaurant close to the hotel.places like hyde park and green park are on are walking distance also oxford is just few munite walking distances.just are convinient place to reach any location with alternatives,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic View From My Room,"I stayed he Yesterday, The staff were very friendly and helpful. I was given a room in the tower on the 23rd floor. The view across London was stunning. and access to the bar which was also on the 23rd floor with equally stunning views across London.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a Hilton!,"I've just stayed at this hotel for 4 nights whilst in London on business. I'd read that there had been some refurbishment program going on but unfortunately the only thing I saw that had been refurbished since my last stay here was the reception and lounge area. I had an Executive room in the East tower which was pretty poor, the bed creaked every time I moved, the mattress was as hard as concrete, the room was tiny and outdated and the bathroom was like a throwback to the eighties. The step from the shower was about half a foot high and the toilet paper was of the poorest quality! The last time I stayed at this hotel the Executive lounge was standing room only, NOTHING HAS CHANGED! There clearly isn't enough seating and tables for the amount of executive rooms that are sold.…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5230-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Immpeccable service,"Ok so, booked this hotel on lastminute.com via topsecret hotels at a rate of £87 including breakfast, which is a steal for a hotel in central London. There were so many great things about this hotel....  Service - First of all, check in was good. Got there at 12 and the room wasn't ready but we struck up a conversation with the guy who took our details - Edem. What an incredibly friendly guy. He gave us a free upgrade to a better room and complimentary Sky. It was my Birthday and we told him we had booked a table at the Asian Fusion restaurant - Mikano for later on that night. He told us to go and see concierge so that they could get us a window seat (it's on the 23rd floor). Concierge were also fantastic, hats off to a very special Employee called Tony. Bent over backwards to…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Busy Hotel,Hotel was very full due to a conference during our visit. Staff seemed to cope well but rooms need refurbishment due to very heavy use. At £199 plus cost of breakfast we dont consider this good value. Well situated for Qxford Street part of London,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Massive hotel but managed very well,"This hotel is very large and there are so many people hanging around, how the staff keep it running I am not sure, but there all do a great job.  Room was nice as executive room in the modern tower black.  Club Lounge was too hectic for me so skip this most nights.  Good location for Edgware Road & Paddington",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't stay in the tower,"The staff and service are generally excellent, so the poor rating really is due to the experience with the room, where value for money and my expectation of a Hilton left me disappointed in my room.  I stayed here recently for a conference. I was given a standard nonsmoking king room in the tower. There were no open outlets at the desk, and I had to move around the TV and alarm clock plugs to another outlet I discovered after hunting around the room in order to free up an outlet at the desk. There are also no outlets bedside at all, so the alarm clock is on the opposite side of the room from the bed, and you're out of luck if you'd like to charge your electronics bedside. Additionally, the hotel seems to have a problem certain times of day keeping up with hot water demand in the…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good for Business,"The Hotel is located in one of the more busier and ethnic parts of London but is very well positioned to access the city.  Underground station is very close.  The hotel itself is quite old but has had several face lifts. The hotel lobby is modern and contemporary and has a great open bar area which is a good place to meet informally.  The rooms are reasonably sized, modern and very comfortable.  The breakfasts are good with plenty of choice and a full buffet style offering with an extensive compliment of continental and full English options.  We used the business facilities and the boardrooms were well appointed with projector, dedicated coffee machines etc.., comfortable and quite large.  Check in / out was a breeze and I would definitely use this hotel again for my next…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5235-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Below average.,"I stayed on business. I had a very poor service experience at check in which I raised separately with the duty manager. Putting that to one side, the staff were generally friendly and helpful. The lobby area has been refurbished and it's money well spent.  My room was small and tired looking, and was not particularly clean. The lighting was appalling, with no central light and the desk light not working. Therefore one bedside lamp lit the entire room, which made it incredibly dark. The heating/aircon seemed to be fixed, and with the windows bolted shut, getting any air in to the room was impossible. Therefore on showering, the whole room steamed up even with the bathroom door closed, and remained like that for ages, so I basically dressed in a steam room!  I'm sure there are…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Grandaughters 18th Birthday London Metropole,"We were spending the day in London and visiting the O2 Arena in the evening for a concert. We booked 3 rooms, arrived early and we were not disappointed. The staff were brilliant and had decorated my grand daughters room with banners and balloons. They also baked a lovely cake with freshcream, berries and chocolate and a large plate of Chocolate coated Strawberries and on top of that left a bottle of Prosseco in her room all free of charge. We had a really lovely stay and we will definitley be staying with Hilton again.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Poor condition, lots of apologies, no actual solutions","Stayed a week in this property which was the conference location.  I reserved a king, well in advance.  I arrived around 11 am and was told my room was not available.  That's not unusual if the hotel was full, but they were unable to suggest when it would be ready.  I did get my key at around 2pm.  It was for a twin double in the Tower.  You don't want to be in the Tower.  I was on the 11th floor.  The room is very small, dark and tattered.  It's badly in need of an upgrade.  The hot water was cool to lukewarm.  I reported this problem to the front desk.  It was not addressed.  I believe this was a systemic problem as many other conference attendees reported the same problem.  It got a bit better at the end of the week as the hotel started emptying out.    WiFi was poor.  Our…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel and good location,Typical Hilton quality. Room was spacious and bed was good. Bathroom was a little bit old fashioned but ok. Staff was friendly and atmosphere was nice and safety. Location is good and there is nice pubs and shops nearby. Located in short walking distance for example from Oxford street. Definetely a safe choice in London.,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hygiene disgusting,"I have just returned from a stay at this hotel, I went to show my 4 year old the london sights and celebrate my birthday. The first morning I went to use the shower and discovered the previous occupants men's underpants hanging from the shower rail!!!!!!!!!!!! I am not a moaner an normally just make do but for the cost of the hotel I was angry an complained to reception. They apologised and upgraded room, I said that we would move luggage when room was ready and went to see the sights on return discovered luggage had been moved to new room. Our drinks and snacks we left in the room were missing so I had to ring reception to report this and housekeeping had retained them and returned them which wasn't a problem. On taking the contents out of the bag I discovered the men's…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5240-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Perfect for an overnight stay in central London,"We booked this as a ""Secret Hotel"" on Last Minute.com and could not have been happier having been let down by another hotel !  We were upgraded to an executive room on arrival which was a bonus and it was very clean and up together with a mini bar if you wanted it.  The breakfast was included at the rate we paid and was 1st class so much choice and really good quality. Would definintely choose this hotel again.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Location a plus but everything else a bit let down,"During a recent visit to London I stayed at Metropole Hilton. The location is great with excellent road and underground connectivity. Paddington is not too far from the hotel and lot of external eating places around. The room was really small and quite over priced from value perspective. The bathroom ventilation has not been upgraded for years. House keeping was efficient , rooms well maintained on a daily basis and decent sleep quality.   A unique feature about the room is an automatic sensor refrigerator that charges one even if you do not open it. The trick is that it is placed really close to the cot of an already cramped up room and small contact during movement causes the external cupboard and fridge to move and lo and behold there is a charge.   The hotel is certainly a…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nothing to write home about,"The Metropole is a large hotel, as others have mentioned.  I stayed on the 9th floor of the west wing, which is a good ten minute walk and elevator ride from the main lobby.  My room was clean, although their idea of having no feathers was to provide me two extra pillows.  The bed itself was quite firm.  In my room, at least, one could find both British and European power.  Water pressure was just a little bit off, but not bad, considering that London often lacks pressure. Breakfast, if included, is full English, with some continental.  Dinner is also reasonable, but there is also quite good food in the area.  The hotel itself is across from the Edgeware Road Tube Station, and walking distance from Paddington, with easy access to the Bakerloo, District & Circle lines, as well as…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, good service and value.","Location:  Ideal for me, as I can get around central London quickly. The executive lounge gets very busy which is a shame the size of the hotel could accommodate a much better exec lounge.  It drives me nuts when they put me in the west wing and you have to walk to the east for the lounge – why?  Whiskey Lounge: Great – excellent when your with clients or friends – massive improvement on what was there before.  Price: Typical for the smoke.  Would I go back? Yes, and I do weekly.",None,3.0
5233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Smoking Room ....YUK,"On arrival i was allocated a smoking room, when i requested a non smoking room i was told the hotel was fully occupied and offered a free breakfast as ""compensation"" and an apology.  The room was smelt disgusting and that was complemented by a dreadfully uncomfortable bed.... what a joyful experience...NOT!!!",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5245-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthday Surprise!,"so my partner booked this hotel for my surprise birthday trip, and needless to say I was not dissapointed! the staff were all extremely welcoming & friendly, the room was beautiful and of a very good size. Short walk to the tube station so extremely easy to reach all the attractions & shopping etc. Will definitely stay here when next visiting London.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fine but not 'Hilton standard',"My partner booked this as a secret hotel through lastminute.com, we stayed March 8th. We paid £87 for a standard but king-sized bed/room, I understand the rates are a lot higher if booking in the normal way.  After reading all the bad reviews I was ready for an argument about changing rooms so decided to call the night before our stay. A lovely lady called Elisabeth explained the features of each room type and told me to ask for her personally when checking in.  Lastminute described the hotel as being 10 minutes away from Oxford Street, that may be true if you are a quick walker and there are no central London crowds in your way. Edgware road is busy and definitely doesn't have a central London feel to it. The reception is large and very lovely looking, there are several staff…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Enormous hotel, very central, good pool","The Hilton London Metropole has capacity for about 10,000 guests (IIRC), so it's pretty big. You may well be in a completely different wing of the hotel to (say) where your conference is: that's not a massive problem, but it gives you an idea of the scale.  I was attending a company conference at the hotel: good venue, lots of space for keynotes, and above average food for a conference.  I liked the swimming pool: reasonable depth (1.6 to 1.9 metres), not over-chlorinated, and a reasonable length. It's heated to quite a high temperature, so if you're swimming lengths this may be a little too warm, but that's a pretty minor detail.  Rooms were fine, standard Hilton fare. Location is very central, close to Edgware Road and Baker Street: plenty of restaurants around as alternatives…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overpriced and underwhelming,"This hotel is situated in a convenient London location and has a nice bar and restaurant areas. The reception staff were perfectly friendly and the conference facilities and food were good. However, given that my stay cost over £200 for one night, there were many niggles with the room which mean I will not look forward to staying again.  Firstly, and most annoyingly, the shower went cold very quickly. The bedding had stains on it. The TV had bad reception (yes, in this day and age). There was no plug socket by the bed (in fact, they went out of their way to prevent you from using the alarm clock socket). And I was very disappointed to find that there was no free water in the room - and the mini bar water cost £4.  One would not expect the first three issues from this sort of…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
5238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London hotel....good & bad,"Booked a lastminute 'secret hotel' deal literally two days in advance, checked in for a saturday night stay as part of a shopping trip. The hotel is a nice walk from Oxford street so perfect for that and just what we needed. We were upgraded at check-in which was a nice surprise, and offered the choice of a double or twin - so we chose a twin room which was located on the 3rd floor in the East wing. Room was fine - decent size with a large window, and I liked that it had a bath and a seperate shower. Beds were comfy, although I had a terrible nights sleep - but this was because of the room temperature (it was too hot even with the aircon on full blast) and I did have a couple of drinks (can't really blame the hotel for that!). We made a dinner reservation in the Asian Fusion…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5250-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Expensive,","Expensive rooms, >200 pounds rooms but no breakfast included. In the morning there is no hot water for a shower, outside of 7-9 am the water is hot and pleasant. The knobs for the A/C didnt work, the heating in the room was stuck at 16-18 degrees, I'd prefer 18-20.   WLAN internet is lousy, if you have a laptop and ethernet, it is manageable. Again not included in the price of the room.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great location, but ...","This Hilton property is located near two Underground stations and the Paddington train station. Thus it's easy to travel to and from Heathrow and top get to a large number of tourist sites. We reserved an executive level room, which turned out to be in the East Wing, where the exec lounge and fitness center are located. I discovered that the rooms in the Tower are bigger and more modern, although not as convenient in terms of lounge and fitness center access. Our bath had a very tiny shower, and the A/C sometimes made noise overnight.  The housekeeping service was inconsistent. The exec lounge was quite small, and became very crowded at breakfast on many days. Dinner snacks were OK, but not a wide selection. The fitness center was also small, causing waits for access to…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice location with some challenges,"The location of this hotel is excellent for someone arriving via Heathrow Airport.  Hop on the Heathrow Express, which is a train which drops you off about a 10-minute walk from the hotel.  There are numerous restaurants nearby. The area seemed pretty safe and I didn't feel at all endangered when making the walk between the hotel and Paddington Station at 6am on a Saturday.  The fitness center is nice enough; the equipment works well and the facility is clean.  I do wish it had a hot tub.  Now the challenges: 1) My shower had no hot water on 3 or 4 days. This was almost certainly due to a large percentage of conference attendees taking a shower at about the same time, but one would think that higher end hotels with conference facilities would know how to deal with this. The…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Better than average for the UK, but variable","All reviews of British hotels should begin with a note that they are on average lousier and more expensive than the rest of the world.  This one is better than the British average, but that doesn’t mean “good”.    First night in a smoking room (blecch) in the dilapidated “Tower” wing, route to my room was past a missing door revealing fraying electrical circuitry. They promised me a fancy room at the top of a tower to make up for it, but didn’t come through on the promise.  Next 4 nights in the West Wing 8th floor, which was perfectly competent and pleasant. Decor nothing special. Noise level OK, bed OK, heating/ventilation OK, shower OK.  Getting checked in, and then moving rooms, required considerable standing in line, then endless interaction between the front-desk person and…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent Reception Manager and Supervisor.,We stayed here with our large family during the recent half term holiday and this hotel is very good for large families.Spacious King Superior rooms with two large King beds with nice city views.We've stayed here many times and on this occasion there were a few minor delays but all were resolved in such a friendly and professional manner by the on duty Reception Manager Mohammed and the Reception male supervisor I think from Spain. Very helpful and accommodating breakfast team who kindly reserved a table for 10 for us in the morning so we were seated straight away bypassing the rather long queue into the restaurant.,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5255-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A week of muddling through adversity,"The British pride themselves on muddling through adversity.  The Hilton Metropole is an immersive experience with their culture.  The staff tries to compensate for the tawdry infrastructure, but knows it has little hope of success.  We paid £45 per night for the privilege of a cold breakfast in a crowded lounge with no available seats, or, as we were conference attendees, we were thrown out of the main restaurant and relegated to a distant cavern with a poor excuse for a buffet.  I.e. the £45 per night 'upgrade' was a complete rip-off.  The in-room air conditioning was uncontrollable and left one tossing and turning all night.  The housecleaning staff were somewhat lackadaisical, and even disappeared a small personal memento of mine.  All in all an overpriced experience in the…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location but Poor Service,"I came to stay with my husband who was attending a conference. Location of hotel was great. Good access to trains. However, hotel staff was overwhelmed with 1000 attendees. Showers did not have hot water often.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,"Very convenient location.  Heathrow Express to Paddington, then a short walk and you are there.  A complex / confusing interior floor plan if you have to move about the hotel often, but otherwise a fine facility.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Comfy bed but a bit of a tired hotel,"This is a huge hotel, I got a good deal but if I had paid full price I would have been disappointed.  I was on a high floor and so my room was quiet (nice for London) and the bed was comfy but the shower wasn't at all hot, on the hottest temperature I wouldn't have described it as luke warm, which is unfortunate. There wasn't a hairdryer in my room so I called down to ask them to bring me one, which they did quickly, so the staff service was good. I didn't eat breakfast here because it is expensive as are almost all hotel breakfasts these days.  Lastminute.com describe this as a four star hotel and I'm sorry to say it didn't feel like that to me.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not all rooms are equal,"I stayed here for a week for a conference hosted at the hotel. On the whole my experience was OK despite slow and inconsistent service in the hotel's bars and restaurants. However, other attendees reported problems with poor water pressure in their rooms, no hot water in their rooms, no working electrical outlets in their rooms, no ethernet jack in their rooms and more.  The hotel is divided into three sections and I believe the hotel rooms in each section have different feature sets. My room on the 9th floor of the west wing was fine but people staying in other sections of the hotel were not so lucky.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5260-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great base for Exploring London,"Travelling with Edwards Coaches from Wales, the Hilton Metropole was a great choice for a weekend break in London. While not in the very heart of the city, it's close to two Underground stations (Zone 1) and in easy walking distance from Hyde Park and Marble Arch.  Bedrooms and public rooms were clean and tidy and the staff professional and friendly. Breakfast was a busy time yet there were always tables and food available. The ground floor restaurant offered good value for money given this is an international London hotel.  Only gripes were the small size of the swimming pool (it gets crowded very easily) and also the bath in our room; short, narrow and deep, even for a shorty like me, and the hand rails were poorly placed for my other half who needed more leverage to take the…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,good,"the property is huge and quite old but the service is good , for the breakfast you may have to wait long time to get a seat , please try to carry a GPS system with you may get lost inside the hotel just kidding, everything was ok ,a good Hilton property.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
5251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Should have been so much better,"We did not choose this hotel. We were here as part of an escorted tour. Disappointed in quality of hotel and service.  We arrived early in day and understood we would not be able to get into our room.  We have traveled to Europe several times and had planned for this.  We were going to drop our bags and hit the Tube and go see some of the sights of London. Could not believe how long we had to stand in line or how complicated it got just to leave our bags so we could leave the hotel.  Got back late in the afternoon.  After an overnight flight, a tour of the Tower of London and St. Paul's Cathedral, we were ready to kick our shoes off, get a shower and lie down for awhile.  Nope.  The room they sent us to was filthy dirty.  The carpet was dirty.  The bedspread was dirty and the…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
5252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Back to the Future IV,"The newly renovated lobby is a masterclass in modern design and was a much needed improvement to the hotel. However take a trip in the elevator and you arrive back into 1985 as the Tower Wing rooms have been all but forgotten about in this hotel. Are the lifts manufactured by DeLorean? After a really poor nights sleep in room too small with dated furniture, poor a/c and horrendous secondary glazing it's back into the DeLorean elevator to be whisked Back to the Future and arrive in the 2014 lobby of Hilton Metropole.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not my favorite meeting venue,My room is functional.  There is horrible water pressure but the water is hot.  My collegues in other wings don't have hot water.  Our conference members are asked to attend breakfast on the 3rd floor instead of in the restaurant.  The food is cold and the selection isn't as good as in the restaurant downstairs.  I did order room service one night and it was pretty good.   The temperature control doesn't work in the room so we had to figure out how to open the upper window because our room was so stuffy and hot.   For the price this hotel cost they could do a LOT better.,Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5265-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nothing special,"Well, I slept only one night at this hotel. It was very crowded due to a big convention that took place there. The location is very convenient, near Paddington station and the Heathrow Express. The executive rooms are big and comfort. The air-con is a little bit hard to set (no digital screen) but the shower was great (hot water any time and good stream). Breakfast in the lounge was adequate. I think that in overall the price is a little bit expensive and I didn't feel like the usual Hilton experience.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location,"I chose this hotel because it was close to Baker street. I travelled with my two children to London to visit the Sherlock Museum which was about 10 minutes walk from the hotel.The room we were allocated was better than the room we booked on-line, because it had two double beds and a double sofa bed, so we had a bed each. The room was massive, clean and the beds were comfy. but it was only what we expected as the room was expensive.The only disappointment was that we didn't get to use the swimming pool as it closed at 9.30pm.  If you wanted to connect to the wi-fi in your room you had to pay for it. Overall good for one night's stay, but would not stay for more than one night.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very engaged Employees....they must have a great management team,"Stayed last weekend on a deal.   The whole experience was great. Nice ""big hotel"" atmosphere.  Room smallish but fine for two...comfortable bed ..for two.  Breakfast ...wonderful !!!........and served to 11.30am at the weekends.  But what got to me was the service attitude of the staff...everyone we touched were great. Obliging, polite and seemed happy !......how often do you come across this is in a busy hotel?  So kudos to the management team...try and fan-out your magic to other Hiltons....some of them need it !!",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
5257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never again,"I am writing these observational points at 12AM because of the difficulties i am facing while i am on the bed trying to sleep from the cold and noise produced in this hotel.  Central heating was not working, the room was freezing from inside, when i told them they have provided one heating machine but worthless could only heat 3cm around the machine. I informed them to check the central heating inside the room and waited for hours at night and nobody showed up to check.  The location of the room was in 4th floor next to the road, difficult to sleep due to noise of trucks, cars and police/ ambulance warning siren sounding every 5/10 minutes.  Noise from the corridors could be easily heard in my room. In fact if some one closed a door next to my room (in room 487) and the walls…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sleepless and cold,A mom and daughter weekend turned into ..... Disaster No free Telly  So expensive paid for movies at over 5pounds each Never a hot shower Bed although large (king) slatted wooden base larger than paper thin mattress - very dissapointed  Room service - super expensive and no free wiFi  I would have to say that the hotel and its location cost me more than the Savings offered - huge let down Won't return,Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5270-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best in London,"I have stayed at most hotels in London, this one is by far the best and I have decided to continue doing it. its proximity to shops, restaurants makes it even more attractive hotel than the others. Being near paddington station makes the trip from/to Heather very easy and fast",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"poor rooms, poor service","I can't recommend the hilton at all.The good point is the very central location in London.  During the reservation I asked for a high floor room which was pre-assigned. On arrival the pre-assigned room was not yet ready and I was moved to another room in the third floor. This room was dark, overlooking the air condition of the lobby and noisy (because of the air condition). When I asked to be relocated to a new room (as booked) this was refused stating, that there are no rooms available. But according to the hilton web site they were still rooms in all categories available. Things can go wrong and during very busy days there might be problems with room availability but I expect from a good hotel that they solve those problems in the interest to keep their guests happy. It seems…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
5261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Buyer Beware,"How to proceed when reserving a room at this hotel? The room I was allocated was in the Tower & overlooked Edgeware road & the fly-over + some of the hotel machinery = fans etc. The noise was added to by the elevators which sounded rather like low flying jets. The secondary double glazing was last century. The wallpaper peeling, the paintwork obviously not done by a professional decorator, the sink enamal chipped, the towels hard and stiff, the bathoom fixtures worn out as was the mattress & the TV provided pixilated images. The breakfast tables were not big enough for two, the breakfast expensive and the quality of the food (rubber eggs) was questionable. On complaining I learned that the hotel has several grades of room & the lowest grade is in the tower where most rooms  need…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
5262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Concrete monstrosity,"Not the most attractive hotel from the outside! My room, a double, was quite small and very 'tired'. To be fair it had everything in it that you need for an overnight stay but for £200+ per night I expected a bit more even in London especially from the Hilton chain. I understand that the hotel is having a refit so hopefully they will get round to this room sometime soon? On a positive note the location was pretty convenient and easy to reach by tube. I travel a lot and the standard of London hotels is consistenty poor. I just wonder what foreign visitors think when they check in here? ",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
5263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great 'secret hotel',We stayed at the Hilton Metropole having picked up a secret hotel offer on Lastminute.com. Over 50% off the normal room rate. Check in was a delight - as our room was not ready (we weren't expecting it to be as we arrived before check in time) they upgraded us for free to a King's standard room! Very smart and functional hotel. Lots going on. Very busy. Quite American in its approach. Good location for West Central London. Happy with our stay all in all!,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
5264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5275-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Saturday Night in February at the Metrepole,"We stayed at this hotel whilst in London to see the Show Jersey Boys, and this hotel was part of a package deal with a coach tour company. The rooms were very clean, and well equiped; ideal for a short break weekend. As you would expect with a Hilton Hotel, the Staff were very curtious and professional. The breakfast was the standard choice, and reasonable quality that you get in most four star hotels these days. My only complaint was the price of drinks at the bar, they were very expensive, at least three times more than what you would expect to pay in my local. Incidentally the show was very good",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great location,This hotel is in a  great location for visiting the sights of London. The hotel staff are extremely friendly and helpful and make you feel welcome. The facilities are very good. The only thing that could be improved is the price of room service. The meals are very expensive (although tasty).,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice..American hotel,"An American style hotel with full size bathrooms. The hotel was clean and the staff were very nice and helpful. Location is away from most attractions but a quick 3 blocks to Paddington circle and right on the edge of a middle eastern section of town that had dozens of wonderful restaurants. It's about a 10 minute walk to Marble Arch entrance of Hyde Park.   As a hilton diamond member they oddly put me in a completely different tower from the concierge lounge which made it virtually inaccessible.  I think they forgot about me because I left my room at 11am and when I returned that evening after 11PM found the room hadn't been cleaned.   The breakfast had numerous offerings but none were good.... I suggest staying with cereal.  All in all, if you want a nice American style hotel…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but very busy at the weekend!,"We really enjoyed our 2-night stay. The staff were extremely kind and helpful during our check-in, and later when we went to book our breakfast at reception. The room was very nice. It was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The location is great for the tube (once we had figured out that the Bakerloo line goes from a different Edgware Road stop to the others- just around the corner). Breakfast on Friday morning was great. There was a delicious selection. The Concierge was extremely helpful, we bought tickets for attractions directly from him to avoid queues.  We were a little disappointed in the pool. They were turning people away on Friday afternoon and although we got to use the pool it was small and absolutely packed so swimming was really impossible.  We were also…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Decent Stay,"I stayed here last summer when traveling through Europe for three nights. One of the first things I noticed about this hotel is that it is one of the BUSIEST hotels I have ever stayed in. It seems like hundreds of people are always in the lobby checking in checking out, etc. If you are looking for a quiet stay then this is NOT the place for you. With that being said there are several restaurants and bars within the hotel, which is pretty nice. There is also one very large bar/restaurant on the ground level which is a good place to have a few cocktails and chat it up with people. While the location is pretty decent , it would prob not be my first choice of location for a London hotel. However access to everything (train, subway) is pretty convenient so it is hard to complain. My…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
5269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5280-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, good location","Stayed three nights with my family at the Hilton Metropole. Rooms and facilities are very nice, modern and clean. All staff was very friendly and helpful. 5 min walk to Paddington Station in one direction, 10 min walk to Oxford St in the other",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor,"I stayed here recently for one night on a business trip. On arrival I was told that the hotel was full and the only room they had for me was a smoking room. I didn't realise I had strayed into the 80's or that these rooms even existed, but nevertheless I had one. I did mention I wasn't very happy about having a smoking room as I didn't smoke or like the smell and so some mineral water was sent up to my room to make it better.  The room itself obviously smelt quite a lot like, well cigarettes. There were also hairs in my bathroom which, I washed away with my new mineral water.  The really funny thing was that I was woken up at 5AM to the smoke alarm going off and had to evacuate my smoking room. Perhaps I had taken up smoking in my sleep just to fit in and some of my smoke had…",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
5271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok hotel rooms are small,"Location is great right next to Edgware road tube. Lobby is nice and hotel has everything you need. The only thing was we had a king room which I thought would be a fair size, but room was small with just a large bed in. The bathroom wasn't much better very small. I was expecting more from a king size room. ",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,it's very OK,"It's close to Paddington, has all the facilities you might need, rooms are small, but that's London, and service is very efficient and nice. All that for a very convenient price: I would definitely go back.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Location & Value for Money,"February 2014 half term Queen superior room - west wing Rm No.1372 (13th floor) Slept 2 adults & 2 children (2 queen size beds)  HOTEL Much larger than expected but nevertheless staff were very friendly and very efficient.  It felt very personal for such a large hotel accommodating many nationalities. Swimming pool was great at the end of a tiring day of sight seeing/work. It was very clean, fresh towels available, warm - a great asset to the hotel. Sports TV bar/restaurant area with large screen - great for business staying customers etc. Very nice bars, afternoon/eve drinks lounge areas to the hotel too for couples/families to enjoy drinks before bed or theatre.  LOCATION Great position for tube.  EGDWARE ROAD tube station has 2 entrances across the rd from the hotel for all…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5285-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole,"This has to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The staff were very friendly, professional and helpful. The hotel has several great restaurants and bars (although a little over priced), but this to be expected in London. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone who is wanting to stay in the Paddington area of London, and I will definitely be back. The only criticism I have is that I found the beds/pillows too soft, which caused me to wake up with a bit of a stiff neck.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent customer srvice,"I booked this room via lastminute.com as a secret hotel. Upon arrival we received a room upgrade as the trip was for my husbands birthday we were offered a choice of a larger room or better view, (great to be offered a choice, we chose a better view). A nice room very clean, lovely view too. We were also offered breakfast at a discounted rate. The reason for my review is the follow up customer service. We left a book in the room, so I email to them when we got home.  The following day I received a reply stating that they had the book, we were given the option of collecting within 3 months or having it posted to us. We asked for it to be posted. 3 days later I received an email apologising that their franking machine was broken so there would be a delay in them posting it out to…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in great location,"Just returned from a stay here and the hotel was spot on for our needs. It was extremely convenient for the tube and local amenities nearby.  The staff on the front desk were polite and helpful - we arrived around midday and were told that the room was not ready but the lady on check in did all our paper work so that we could simply call back for the key later on. We were able to leave our bags securely in the baggage room which suited us well.  The room was lovely, a family room in the newly refurbed West wing. We had 2 double beds and a sofa bed and having stayed in other hotels before I thought the size was very generous. We had an amazing view over London which was an added bonus.  Overall a very pleasant stay in lovely surroundings. ",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,As always nothing special,"I stayed here a few times when on London in business. I only stay at this hotel when I get a good deal on the price. It really isn't worth much. The rooms are ok, but nothing special and on the whole the staff are unfriendly and unhelpful.  Not my first choice for London.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
5278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another good stay,"This is my second stay here so I know it is a big busy hotel in a super handy location but I do not find it impersonal as all the staff I encountered were helpful and friendly, particularly in the dining room. Both stays have been in the west wing and the room and cleanliness were superb. The only gripe I have with the rooms is the very poor lighting both in the room and bathroom. Very badly thought out and almost impossible to see to apply make up or make tea in the wardrobe cubby hole. Minor detail and no fault of the staff but the planners. Considering the amount of clients the breakfast room does incredibly well  (we were there half term) and anyone who finds fault with the food on offer must have nothing else better to moan about. Evening meal was good too. How the staff…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5290-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Robbed in the Lobby,"On February 21st,2014, my brother was robbed in the lobby of this hotel while checking in…his bag was stolen, with all of his money and jewelry. A police report was made…the staff at the Hilton were so unprofessional about this, that it's unbelievable. We still had to pay for our rooms etc…nothing was done….it was as if this was a regular thing and no big deal...",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
5280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Needs improvement,This place is a mixed bag. Sometimes it can be a great stay but other times really made me want to leave mid stay. The hotel is three min blocks east wing west wing and the tower. I would aim for the west wing as its refurbished. Being in the west wing is like a time warp! The front desk staff are probably the best I have endured at a hilton hotel. However the support staff are poor at best. For example I ordered some tea bags for my room with room service and it took them 40 minutes to deliver. To me that's very disappointing. On a different stay I enquired about the top floor restaurant but the host there was very rude and refused to allow any flex around when I might be able to get a table or advise when best to book it.   The location is nice if all you want to eat is Arabic…,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,Went here on valentines weekend as we were going to see Les Mis  this is the second time we have stayed here and once again were not disappointed from start to finish staff were very attentive and were only too happy to help with questions like the very nice gentleman on desk buy the door who not only gave me a map but also wrote on it the numbers of the buses that I needed to catch.Thanks for a brilliant weekend.,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Returned but no better,The layout of the hotel makes it a very impersonal place...diamond card holder but no offer of the usual upgrade....double twin bedded room which was adequate but no bottled water or usual amenities delivered to the room...the corridor appeared to be the local crèche with children running around until quite late....rang reception but no action was taken....fairly good location for the tube when they are not on strike....would not return as staff and surroundings are aloof...we did not even bother trying to find the exec lounge as we were given no directions...presume it was somewhere in this huge hotel!......come on Hilton you can do better!!!!!,Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overall good but a few small blemishes around the edges,"We arrived at 9:00 Saturday Morning. It wasn't too busy at that time but several coaches outside were loading up so I think we missed the rush. There was a new girl on reception who, frankly didn't know what she was doing. My wife tried to check in and the girl took ages and finally announced that the printer was broken and that we would have to return. My wife left our bags at the concierge desk opposite. After I had parked up, my wife told me what happened and said ""do you think our bags are safe"" We don't have a lot of expensive things, but my wife had left her new sunglasses. I said we had best retrieve them to be safe. Our bags were just on the floor next to the desk - after 20 mins. I was concerned about this for starters!  When we finally checked in later on we were in…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5295-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,Stayed at the Hilton London Metropole for a  weekend over half term.  The hotel is very convenient for most things.  The tube is just across the road and Oxford Street is a 10-15 minute walk down the road.  Due to the Hotel being so big and busy I didn't really enjoy the breakfast.  So many people in the dining room queuing for breakfast and the breakfast was cold.  All in all I enjoyed the stay at this hotel especially the sports bar where we could watch the football with my two boys aged 15 and 12.,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice decor. Shame about the service,"A few years ago I used to stay with this hotel regularly on business. Haven't been there for a while. Walking in to the lobby was initially a pleasant suprise. The interiors had been refurbed in some style and was much better than before.  The service though had taken a turn for the worse. Queues at checkin and checkout ( why did you bother building 6 or 7 desks when despite a huge queue only three were manned?).  Waiter service in the bar was dire. After a 15 minute wait I went to the bar to get the drinks myself. The barman tried to charge me service ( but removed it when I objected to be fair). My wait was justified by the fact they were 'very busy'. At this point the bar was almost empty!  This is an expensive hotel, but despite its brilliant location there are better ones…",None,2.0
5286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mixed experience,"Huge hotel. Feels like staying in a mall. Need to queue for everything: to get your breakfast, your luggage and to get in the tiny swimming pool. Actually, you may need to book for the pool because it can be full. The whole thing is just extremely impersonal and commercial. The plus side was the huge room, quite new, and nice overall. Cannot open a window though and room temperature could not go below 20 at night etc. so not a great experience at all.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
5287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Conveniently located but overpriced,"I have stayed severally at this Hilton property simply because of the convenience of location. Unfortunately, I feel it is overpriced and not really good value for money. One would expect a lot better from a hotel of the Hilton brand!",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
5288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Conveniently Located,"Stayed there for 5 nights in Feb. Very conveniently located. Considering the weather, room was nice and warm with all basic amenities. Being in central London, it is closer to all the attractions. Tube Station is at walking distance. There are quiet a few restaurants and daily stores nearby. Staff was warm and friendly and properly explained the package. Room service was quick and efficient. Overall, very good experience.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5300-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Is this a real Hilton?,"I've been to different Hiltons, Double Trees and Conrads and I'm asking myself whether this hotel deserves to brand itself a Hilton.   We checked in on the Valentine's weekend (poor timing perhaps) for a family vacation for 7 nights which we took 2 rooms. As we would be arriving in the morning, we requested ahead for early check-in. When we got there, they could only check us in early in 1 room. They gave us the room number for the other room and told us that they would call us when that room was ready. By 3pm they were still not ready to let us in. At around 4pm, as the other room was just a few doors away we checked and saw that the chamber maids had put a sign stating that the room had been cleaned. We waited to be called and understood that they perhaps had some admin stuff…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best family room in London,"I have stayed a couple of times in Hilton Metropole, this time with whole family. We booked Family Superior room and that was just great! Room had two double beds and separate sofa area (with sofa bed). Room was not too old, but it was clean and very comfortable.   Check in was quick even the check in area looks quite small for this giant Hilton. Executive lounge was pretty crowded during the evenings but offering of food and drinks was good.  Maybe only little negative experience was the breakfast on second morning because of location. On Saturday we enjoyed good service and good food in breakfast restaurant but on Sunday we were guided to big ballroom on basement. Basically offering as the same, but felt like the staff was totally from other world than those helpful and…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor value for money. Unhelpful staff,Bed is hard. Facilities are old. Breakfast is mediocre. Lobby feels like Liverpool station. Very unhelpful staff and some appear rather arrogant. Guess they do not want to be bothered by customers asking questions. Used the room telephone to ask for assistance on internet but no one answered after several attempts over 30 minutes. Would not recommend.,Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
5292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expected Better from Hilton,"I've stayed in Hilton hotels all over the world, and as a traveller I'm quite easy to please, but this hotel is not up to scratch for what they charge.   Good - food was fine - checkin was easy  Needs work - shower was tiny & dirty even though I upgraded to a King Executive room - road noise was significant in room - £60 for 3 days of Internet access, even in an executive room, tailored for business? - gym was not as good as advertised, it's basically a closest sized room with some treadmills and you have to walk through a disgusting wet bathroom to access it.  I won't stay here again, there's better options for the same money. ",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,HILTON METROPOLE LONDON,"Over priced. General areas are lovely, as was the room. However, the service from staff was poor. We were misinformed by the reception staff regarding what we could and could not get within our package. Also, the breakfast staff had several attempts at serving hot coffee and couldn't get it right. Bar staff gave us a free drink after completely forgetting about us.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5305-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,central good business hotel,"Walking distance from Edgeware Road (2 mins) and Paddington station (10 mins). Giant business hotels with around 25 floors. All that's needed for business is present, well organised and able to cope with big amounts of people. Downsides in the room: minibar locked despite leaving credit card details, windows couldn't open and unfresh smell of carpet cleaner quite penetrating. Try and get room on East or West wing rather than tower as newer buildings and better rooms.  Ups: good quality food at room service and restaurant. Friendly staff, very central. Good hotel.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Brilliant Hotel, Great Location and Superb Staff","I have stayed at this hotel multiple times and it is the only place I will stay when I visit london. The location and quality of the hotel is fantastic but the staff are even better. All staff really seem to care and they will always flash a smile when you pass them in the lobby, at the bar or in the elevator. There was one member of staff who went above and beyond and her name badge told me her name was Nizreen. Not only was she polite and friendly but her knowledge of the hotel and surrounding area was exceptional. Very good stay made even better by an excellent member of staff!",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
5296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A hotel of two halves,"I have stayed here a couple of times before. It's a large business hotel, popular with conferences. Since my last visit a few years ago, the public areas have been refurbished and are very nice. However, in terms of bedrooms it is a hotel of two halves. The central portion is a high tower block of rather run down rooms, but there are newer rooms in east and west wings. I didn't stay in the tower on this occasion but colleagues who did were not impressed. My room was nice, west wing, large with two double beds. However, what let it down was the really hard beds, like sleeping on a board, coupled to very thin duvets. I had a very bad night.   Breakfast was OK, nothing special, but the lunches were excellent. Meeting rooms were windowless and several floors down, with a…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor warehouse dressed up as a hotel,"Arrived at this vast hotel, got to room on 10th floor- it smelt so bad I packed up and asked to move - stale smoke and mouldy smell. Then  had to upgrade to change rooms and then slept on the cheapest bed I've slept in for years and at £180 a night. Awful stay- lazy faceless hotel. Avoid.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
5298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Family Stay in London,"Used the Metropole as a base to get in and around London. Close to Oxford Street for shopping, great service at the hotel, just spot on. Stayed with as a family of four ad it was ideal, well done! Arrived at Euston & a short taxi drive to hotel, but it is easily accessible from the underground, so if needed this is a great option. The staff were great, especially at breakfast where they really could not do enough for you, in a very polite way, Managers were on hand to ensure if you wanted to discuss anything, they would see to your request.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5310-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Didn't get what we asked for,Very disappointing trip. The standard of the Hotel has deteriorated since our last visit 3 years ago. We didn't get the room we booked and no one seemed to be able to explain why. Very very disappointing,Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
5300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,3 star hotel at best,"Stayed here for 2 nights on a weekend break with my mother. Got to check in early which we were very grateful for as we had a very early start. However the room we got was exceptionally small with no view apart from the windows at the other side of the tower, we were completely closed in. I would perhaps have waited to check in later if i had known this was the only room available. It was extremely claustrophobic. Bathroom was tiny and shower hose was leaking so pressure of water was not great. Room facilities and decor also needed updated.  TV perched up on top of fridge... not great. Bed was comfortable. nice complementary toiletries.    I agree with some other comments as to the friendliness of the staff, some were lovely but some were icy. I don't understand if you are being…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Hotel still needing improvement ,"Rooms smaller than the standard hilton room! I stay in Hilton's a lot but the views of London at night at the bar on the 23rd floor, what can I say SPECTACULAR! A selling point of the hotel! The concierge services are competent and nice. For a hotel of its size it works well and in a good location for travel into central London.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A most excellent service and a celebration of my parents 50th Wedding Anniversary!,"On behalf of my parents- Ramesh and Jasu Parmar  As frequent travellers and avid users of the Hilton hotel branch, it was a nice surprise for us to be back at the Hilton London Metropole after close to 20 years. My wife and I were celebrating our 50th year of marriage and from the moment we entered in to the moment of our departure, we were treated like royalty. It was truly an amazing experience, we noted the wonderful changes and refurbishments from the Edge Bar, Whisky Lounge. The staff were exceptional, to the warm and friendly check-in team, the concierge desk always helpful and friendly, Shadi and his team made the Executive Lounge an extreme joy and made us feel very special, Ameeta's warm welcoming greetings when we picked up the request anything from the Magic Dept,…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay,My daughters and I spent the night in a family room. We had been to the theatre and were grateful to be checked in early. After dinner we retired to our room hoping to watch a film but the service was unavailable. Despite calling maintenance he was unable to fix it so disappointed girls! We slept reasonably well though the beds are quite hard. Breakfast was fine although served on cold plates and staff are over keen to clear away ! Check out was swift and efficient. Will stay again though as handy for Paddington,Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
5304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5315-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Typical characteristics of a large London hotel,"With Paddington train station within walking distance, I used this hotel for a weekend break along with my family (wife and 2 teenage sons). It is a large hotel and the lobby area was quite busy throughout our stay. It is fair to say that the staff cope quite well despite the intensity and we found the service good throughout.  Our rooms were what I would classify as typical of the Hilton chain - well appointed and quite comfortable.   The choice at the buffet style breakfast was excellent, although we had to queue to get in due to the number of people who descended on the restaurant at 08:30 - a little irritating but nothing more than that. My 2 sons are quite difficult to please when it comes to food but they both thought that the variety was excellent.  There are 2 main bars…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
5305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellecent Service,"I always dread hotel check-in. Most of the time the room was is not ready. But this is different at the Hilton Metropole.Although the check in time was 3pm, thanks Giulla at the reception we managed to get our room at 1.30pm which was a plus after a long trip. Room was clean , beds were confortable and quiet. By coincidence, Giulla again at check-out and she signed me for the Hilton membership. Overall had a good stay and will defintely return.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great experience,We enjoyed our staying in London Metropole. The staff was very helpfull and warm. You need to improve the service of free wi-fi and extent it to the rooms. Breakfast was fantastic but the the service there was sometimes a little slow.,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Alot of money for nothing!,"Stayed here for two nights as a treat for me and my partner on our trip to London. Had lots of trouble checking in took about 20 minutes and was then told no room was available and we would have to leave our luggage and return later. The hotel took a huge sum of money for a pre authorisation and I am still having trouble getting this money back. Hotel room was nice good view, bathroom was terrible. Wifi was terrible. We payed 15 pound for 24 hours and it did not work in our room. Having to pay for wifi in such an expensive hotel is a joke. We stayed in a budget hotel and had excellent wifi free of charge and a better breakfast. Would not recommend to anyone, if you want to stay at hilton maybe try the one at paddington, however you can find better budget hotels.",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
5308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Aim for a good rate,"We stayed here twice...one night each time. I agree with some other reviewers. We made 2   calls to Australia and were hit with a bill of 60 pound. They even tried to charge 10 pound for 2 calls which were not answered. Some staff were very helpful and an equal number were quite icy. Maybe it's the luck of the draw! Close to many middle eastern restaurants/ businesses on Edgware Rd and on Praed St you'll find more English type business and a great English pub...Fountain Abby. Also on Edgware Rd is a very handy little business Fed Ex etc to send your excess baggage home. Staff very helpful. So, the hotel is convenient, large and overpriced. Make sure you get a good deal before you book in",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
5309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5320-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not yet better than average,"Location is good, close to tube, Paddington, easy walk to Oxford Street.  Checked in on the pre-paid weekend offer rate.  New reception was really busy - 5 of the desks had staff on including the HH desk which was serving as advice to people as well as check-in, so it did not work that well.  Took over 10 minutes to get served.  Once you get to a staff member they are very good.  Had booked a standard twin, got given a deluxe twin and this room was on 22nd floor - awesome view - London laid out in front of you.  Sadly it was a connecting room and you could hear everything next door - very invasive and the room was really small - too small for 2 people.  I got moved to an Executive room on a lower floor, bigger, better bathroom - worth paying more if you book.  Room a little worn…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One Night Only!,"Return here for one night, handy location for Paddington as London was in the middle of the Tube strike. Stayed here years ago before the re-model of reception area...found the place then huge and impersonal...not much has changed! As a Hilton Diamond used points plus cash for a twin bed room hoping for an upgrade to a king..alas no upgrade available. Also there is no separate line for HHonors at checking so you join the line to wait for a free receptionist...greeting was friendly enough when we finally checked in after a short wait. Room was located in the West Wing, reasonable size with twin beds and a view over the West Way and Paddington Green Police Station! Bathroom was small with shower over the tub. No welcoming letter or notice with location of exec lounge, breakfast…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very average,"I stayed here for a night on business.  The room was clean and well appointed. But no free wifi, view of a concrete wall, and tatty decor lot it down. The hotel is huge and anonymous, but fine if you get a room for a good price. ",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beware of the excess,"Hotel rooms are nice, location is not bad(right next to tube station) breakfast is bad, staff attitude is horrible/very cold and they have a lousy telephone billing system which will charge you for the missed calls made from your room..!!! I know we are living in 21st century! ..and for them to get that sorted will take 1 hour atleast. so factor that time while you are checking out.",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
5313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,excellent throughout,"We arrived early on the 1st of February mum , daughter and myself, we were visiting London for my daughter birthday . After previous emails asking hotel if we could purchase a cake for my daughter we had a lovely surprise . we had  an early check in  use of executive lounge with breakfast  room had balloons drinks and dressing gown  ready when we arrived home after shopping. The staff are fantastic nothing was to much trouble thumbs up to Haitham in Hamma restaurant who made my daughters evening for her by singing to her when he came to our table with a cake .  The breakfast staff here were great to especially the South African manager who seated everyone (Thank you)   The hotel is in a ideal location of getting around close to Oxford street, Marble arch  only 20min walk   all…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
5314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5325-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Metropole,this hotel was convenient to 2 Tube entrances. I could tell this hotel room was showing it's age as compared to Hiltons I have stayed in stateside. The lobby is very modern in comparison. I did find it pricier then Hiltons in the USA. We were there just after Christmas through the New Year.,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
5315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Disappointed,"I love Hilton hotels - I honestly do.  The property is in a great location, walking distance from Paddington Station, and next door to Edgeware Road tube station.  I had booked a standard King room but when I checked in I was so appalled at the condition of the room (viewing through the lens of a Hilton property) - paint worn off the window sill, bed as hard as a rock (actually squeaked when I sat on it), very very well worn.  I immediately when back down to the desk and politely expressed my displeasure.  I was offered an immediate apology and offered an upgrade room on a high floor with a view of Hyde Park.  Perfect.  Problem solved.  Except that this room was just as worn and dirty as the first.  Torn wallpaper under the window, threadbare throw pillows, dirty bathtub,…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
5316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great business hotel,"The hotel occupies a beautiful building right on the end of edgware road. It is well connected to the transpotr network by the tube station right across the street.  The area is walking distance to other attractions of centeral London. Also the area has a lot of middle eastern restaurants, someof which are of very high quality. Although the hotel felt a tad expensive compared to other Hilton hotels.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
5317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Victim of it's own success!,"Stayed at the Hilton for one evening  on a Saturday. The reception and bar area as you enter are beautifully decorated, ruined marginally by loud children running riot around the floor above which looks over the bar and around the reception area.  The hotel room was paid for by a third party as part of a Christmas gift and when this was explained by this third party over the phone, we we're offer a complimentary upgrade which was very kind. The room we ended up in was a 'king deluxe', the room was average, very old school small bathroom, made me more grateful for the upgrade because I dread to think what the standard room bathroom was like! Still, very clean and the view from 22 floors up was lovely. We also randomly received a complimentary bottle of cava which was appreciated…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
5318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Area,"This is a lovely Hotel; however, it is located on Edgeware Road in London.  Edgeware Road is a very questionable area.  I would pick different Hilton Hotel in the future.  If you are travelling alone, the tube station is rather run down and the type of people hovering in the area is not good.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
5319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5330-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Short Break Stay,"We stayed in this Hotel for 4 nightsin December 2013 room very spacious, staff courteous, Brakfast selection was amazing on let down was the queues later in the morning for a table, centrally located with in easy wlaking to oxford street, hyde park, madam tasauds, tubes staton.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Return trip,"Good return trip. Wonderful start with a warm, helpful greeting at reception. Sergio is a credit to the hotel. Lovely, well appointed room. Great location - the Edgeware Road station is very accessible and handy for lots of tube links. Breakfast good - lots of choice, quality slightly below normal a Hilton standard. Amazing how well the restaurant works in such a large hotel. Would always look to book this hotel in London - rates permitting.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
5321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic service but tired bathroom,Stayed at the Hilton Metropole for one night in a triple room with my husband and son. Reception and door staff couldn't have been more friendly or helpful. Arrived in afternoon and went straight out having dropped our bags off in room 1813. Didn't actually use bathroom until tea time. Was planning a long bath and relax before going out to dinner. Very disappointing. The paintwork around the door was peeling and rotting and the hinges were orange with rust. The room was tiny as was the bath and there was black mould and orange rust stains coming from the taps. Decided to give the bath a miss which was a shame. Everything else was great. Left it too late to ask for a change of room as would have disrupted our evening. Next time would check room thouroughly on arrival.,Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
5322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Great Staff, Great Location - lacks some basics","This hotel is in a fantastic area of London, 20 mins walk from Oxford Street and the hotel is surrounded by great middle eastern restaurants.  The hotel itself is absolutely huge, which has good and bad points. I have stayed here on a large number of occasions and one thing I have noticed is the huge disparity in room sizes, even when paying the same rate?? Luckily the majority of rooms I have stayed in have been a good size, with excellent air-conditioning, but there are some tiny double rooms sometimes given out.  One thing I find extremely frustrating in this hotel is the lack of basic freeview tv channels in all the rooms. When I check in I always have to ask specifically to have a room that has access to E4, something you don't expect these days, particularly from a quality…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
5323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,"Having stayed at the Metropole before, we chose to go back because of the reasonable price for a king size room. When we arrived to check in, the woman asked us if we were ok with a queen size bed. We said no; we'd paid for a king room and it was one of the reasons we chose the hotel! She went to speak with her manager and when she came back she said she was upgrading our room to a room that was two tiers higher, but that the room was an accessible one so the bed would be lower. We were very pleased until we actually got to the room. NO king size bed, it was a small double. Bedroom was the same size or even smaller than the room we had had before, and we had to crouch to reach the hand towel.   Didn't bother to request a new room as we were in London for one night celebrating…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
5324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5335-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,4-star hotel,"This is a nice 4 star hotel 20 min walk from Oxford Street. Spacious rooms with good beds and bathrooms. The breakfast is very good, but sometimes you have to wait in line. We also ate at the restaurant. Lovely food.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
5325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,so glad we went back,"My Friend and i have just come back from a weekend at the London Metropol hotel Edgeware rd And found our retuen for my friends birthday exceptional  We had stayed many times in the past but for various reasons had not managed to return for ten yrs  i had looked at tripadviser reviews which said it was being refurbished so what better reason to go ,,and i can honestly say we had a delightful time elegant entrance, lovely welcome ,nothing too much trouble lovely room and ,breakfast and most of all we were delighted to see carlos the lovely Gentleman on the consierge desk who after 10 yrs was still smiling and so helpful .  If you havent been give this hotel a go it is a conference hotel which could put some people off but dont you are treated as very much an individual guest, and…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
5326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,One night in Luxury,Fabulous stay from check in to check out The room was amazingly comfortable and we were upgraded to an executive kingsize - amazing Great nights sleep and breakfast was fabulous in the morning The staff were courteous and helpful The meal was sumptuous and incredibly full of taste The restaurant was spacious,Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
5327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent service and delicious food,"I visited the Hilton London Metropole restaurant for dinner and was pleasantly surprised at the lovely ambience. The staff are very friendly and the service was perfect! Chef Michael did an excellent job the food was to die for, absolutely delicious and beautifully presented. Will definitely be going there again and trying other things on the menu! ",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
5328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not what a Hilton should be like ...,When you arrive to checkin it's more like a platform at rush hour on the tube. You feel processed and not a valued guest. This is a big hotel and it feels like it and you don't feel relaxed with the crowds. Some of the rooms are small and the gym is not so special.,Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
5329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5340-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Terrible Service,"Avoid this Hilton. The service is terrible.  Many of the rooms are noisy and old. Hilton would do well to fire all the management staff and start again.  The gym is small and open to outside membership, which means that it is both small and cramped at peak hours.",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
5330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average stay,"First time at Hilton, so expectations were high, especially for the rates. Too bad they weren't met.  Rooms: I slept in the tower wing and the room was very small. Luckily I traveled alone as this room would be too small to fit two adults. The bathroom was nice, although I couldn't find an electric plug for the hair dryer (only for a shaving machine). The view was bad as my view was blocked by the other parts of the hotel.  Service: Service was good in general but when you book for breakfast at check-in you would expect to get details on when and where you need to be.  Breakfast: Breakfast was very good. There was more then enough variety!",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
5331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Takes advantage of residents,A good looking hotel with good facilities if they had staff to serves you.   when staff do serve you they charge a ridiculous price for everything.  Thet take advantage of their residents by charging ridiculously inflated prices.  Experienced drinks being watered down which is inexcusable.  Avoid,Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
5332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good weekend break,"We stayed for a Friday & Saturday night using our tesco club card vouchers. The hotel is huge but very efficient. The swimmimng pool , steam & sauna rooms great to use. The breakfast was buffet style and was a good start to the day. The location for London is ok as long as you are good at using the underground. We walked from the hotel to Hyde Park, to Buckingham Palace & then up to Regent Street, Oxford Street & then back to the hotel, probably about 6 miles. A great day out on foot.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
5333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Booked to stay on a Sat night just before Christmas. Staff were all lovely and attentive. Room was large, clean and tidy. Bathroom not the best but it was also clean and tidy. Would definitely go back. Breakfast was great too.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5345-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely break in the city,"Like the Hilton chain, this hotel was good or a break in the city. Booked the family room with two double beds and sofa bed. Room very clean. Not much of a view. Very quiet considering size of hotel. Comfortable two night sleep. Bathrooms def need updating. Flimsy shower curtain and very old threadbare towels.   On arrival the carpet was damp. Phoned housekeeping and the manager came to the room to explain the carpet had been washed an had not dried. No other family room available. Sent sleepers for all the party, which was a nice touch.   Didn't eat at the hotel.  Concierge not very helpful with where to eat out. Used the Internet to find local restaurants. Breakfast was just excellent, once you got past the que to enter.   Getting to the West End was fairly simple and…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
5335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not as first thought,"Check in simple and easy, first night fire alarm went of, which is fine, but taking fire stairs there were no signs and we ended up by an outside fire door and a door that led to a service lift propped open by tablecloths, we went up two flights of stairs and walked into a rear area of the kitchen, speaking to two room service staff who hadn't even realised that the alarm had gone of. They led us through a conference room into the lobby. At dinner upon ordering wine and requesting water with the meal, we waited 20 minutes for the water and had to ask the waiter again. I would like to add Marco from the restaurant was very good, coming down to the children's level and was polite and professional throughout.  We were advised to attend breakfast early which was fine, we were seated…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
5336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel - Incorrect Charging,"Lovely hotel, friendly, well kept, great breakfast.  However, on checking out, one of the rooms had been incorrectly charged at the wrong rate. It took 25mins to correct.  Also the parking is extortionate! Good location.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
5337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good London Hotel,"Great hotel but housekeeping needs to be improved. A knock on the door every morning by housekeeping  asking when I was checking out, got annoying and 7 hours wasn't longer enough for them to clean my room",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
5338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Much Improved from 2013,This hotel is now worthy of 4 star recognition with refurbishment of some rooms and a new coffee/reception area. Building development noise outside West Wing and view of tower blocks just slightly took edge of enjoyment. Service was very good and buffet breakfast excellent.,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
5339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5350-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"The hotel was nice, clean and the staff was friendly.  The Breakfast Buffet is AMAZING!  Wireless internet was outrageous (price) but worked well (except that you have to log on every time you move locations).  The bar and lounge areas were great for hanging out with friends.  It is a very nice place in a fantastic city.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
5340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent refit,"Stayed at this Hilton before and it needed a refit in the public areas. They have done it and it looks and feels brilliant, the staff are really friendly and extremely helpful with anything you need to know or do Well done Hilton",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
5341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,updated and lost its atmosphere,stayed here a number of times and always had very good service and well maintained clean rooms however the entrance hall has been extended and had a modernisation which has made it a little too cavernous and impersonnal especially with the conference/ exhibition which dominated the bar and the foyer.I am not from Argentina but the cursors dont work and i couldnt access U.K,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
5342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very enjoyable stay!,"This is our second time staying at the Hilton Metropole as part of the 5 day Societies photographic convention. We stayed in a family room (due to us having a 3 month old baby with us) and I must say that I was very impressed with the size of the room. It was HUGE! The rooms are very well equipped and beautifully decorated however I still feel that the bathroom lets it down. Cracked floor tiles, grubby bathroom tiles. It's not major but just needs a little attention... this was the same in another room we stayed in last year. I must stress that this does not overall detract from the really enjoyable stay we had. Another pet peeve of mine was the ridiculously priced room service menu and the eye watering £5 'tray charge'! My tip is that Domino's Pizza do FREE delivery to your…",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
5343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Okay, but not my favorite.","I stayed here during a conference and found it to be quite confusing to find all the conference rooms as they were not labeled properly.    The pros:  Close to the tube,  close to paddington (express to heathrow, but you have to walk a mile with luggage in tow).  Larger rooms than expected. Breakfast buffet was delicious.  Room service was timely and tasty.   The Cons:  Average room, awkward tubs, mini fridge had a sensor system so you could not store left overs, conference rooms confusing and hidden away in odd nooks.   If I hadn't received my room complimentary as part of my participation in the conference, I most likely would have chosen a different hotel.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
5344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5355-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great experience,I had a wonderful time and am looking forward to returning soon. London is a great city but with wonderful places to stay like the Hilton the experience is made even more enjoyable. The location is perfect. One can virtual walk from a late night in the west end to a warm and friendly room. its a great experience,Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
5345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"You walk into the hotel I think it is fantastic, the lobby and bar area is really nice, like an up scale hotel. That was the end of it! I arrived early from Melbourne, so was happy to be able to get a room at 8.00am. As I am a Hilton Honors member, they mentioned that I would get a deluxe room. They didn't have a Kings size bedroom available, but had a twin. I asked if these where 2 double beds, which they confirmed they where. Wrong 2 singles! I was so tired that I couldn't be bothered trying to change, and I was only there one night. The was also very small, there was a case rack at the bottom of the bed which meant you climb over the bed to get past. Light came through the side of the curtain, but you couldn't get to it because the TV was angle across the window as there was…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
5346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location,"This is the 3rd time I have stayed here. It is a great location and the continued renovations are paying off. The executive lounge is a bit small, but works. The concierge was very helpful booking a restaurant and a car! Verena was a great help to us as well! The lobby bar is so nice, but could be a bit faster/friendlier on the service.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
5347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,"I stay on business and pleasure at the Metropole very regularly. it is the only hotel I stay in London. It's great, I've written reviews before about it, My opinion hasn't changed Granted I usually get a super upgrade, and boy have they some nice rooms.  On birthdays , anniversaries they always give us a fabulous suite  The lounge is top drawer , the fitness suite excellent, and the staff couldn't be more helpful It's really close to the heathrow express and very handy for the tube.  Stay there, you'll like it too",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
5348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"My family stayed there for 6 days with a large group.  Check in was easy and the rooms were clean.  Dirty cups and glasses were not always picked up by the cleaning staff which was odd, but they always left clean ones.  The concierge staff was very knowledgeable and helpful.  There's a tube station right across the street.  Internet access in rooms is expensive,   but they do have free access in the lobby.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5360-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location but...,"Great location, close to several Tube stations and bus stops. Just a 10-15 minute walk to Oxford Street. Stayed over New Years with large group of students marching in parade. We arrived in 4 groups, hotel knew well in advance but first block of rooms were not ready until 3-4 hours after we had been told they would be ready. Beds were made up every day but dirty coffee/tea mugs were not removed from room if they were not at the coffee/tea station. Coffee/tea station was not restocked every day. Beds were comfortable. First night there a friend staying in adjacent room did not have a sheet on his bed.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
5350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Oh dear !,"I stayed for three nights on business. Good location and as my room was on the 9th floor at the rear of the hotel, quiet too.   So downside .... Dirty bathroom and dubious stains on the bed cover. I stayed in the West Wing, which I understand is the newer part of the hotel. Rooms are standard Hilton. But the standard of cleanliness was poor. The bathroom was just grubby. Stained sealant and dirty taps and shower head. Towels way past their best and worst of all nasty stains on the bed covers.   Poor form.   But, good food and facilities but there are better places to stay in London so on the basis on this I'll be staying somewhere else next time.",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
5351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location. I recommend to anyone who arrives to London for a shopping and sightseeing.,"It's a good hotel. The advantage of this hotel is its location.  5 min walk from Paddnigton station, 10-15 minutes to Oxford street. Underground station is across the street. The hotel is big. I was there during the New Year. Although there were a lot of people that everything was done very efficiently. Reception (greetings for a very pleasant Mrs Joanna), cleaning the rooms, breakfast, check-in, check-out - without any problems.. I recommend to anyone who arrives to London for a shopping and sightseeing.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location-rooms need updating,"Great location and wound return based on that-  The hotel general areas on the ground floor are fantastic and look like a hilton hotel as soon as you exit the lifts things change the corridors are scruffy, the rooms left a lot to be desired, tired, old fashioned with chips missing out of things, bathroom desperately needs replacing.    Breakfast was great and set up well for a big hotel, watch what time you go down as it had a large que when we leaving. ",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,General review,"I travelled to London on 22nd December, 2013. I stayed in Hilton London Metropole for six days till 27th December before flew back on 28th December to Muscat.  I had booked room in advance after reading the details in tripadvisor and also got advice from my managing director, who recommended the hotel.   Hotel location is very good. 100 meter distance from Edgware station and less than 500 meters from Paddington. In 10 minutes walk we can reach Marble Arch, Oxford Street, Hyde Park etc.,   I wont say room size was big but it is compact for couple. definitely not if the couple have a baby r two. Service was good. When I checked in, there was a big queue and so it took some time before I could get the room key. Friendly staff. Room rent was high for the type of room, I had taken…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5365-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel. Near London Hop on - hop off,"We stayed in this hotel during Christmas while visiting London. The hotel is located conveniently near underground subway and walking to Marble Arch where the London tours start. The property is about 1000 rooms and large. The room was comfortable and nicely furnished. We took the package with breakfast and were we glad that we did. The breakfast buffet was certainly good with decent amount of choices.  We ordered room service few times during our stay and the food was great. One tip - the portions are large, And the service is really prompt. Three plates can easily be sufficient for a family of 4. We tried Fish and chips and pizza - both well prepared and delicious.  For the North American traveller - watch out the tub height in the washroom is higher than the floor, so more…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Handy location,"I only stayed one night. The hotel was fairly central. When I first booked in they allocated me with a room key that let me in to a room that had someone already in the room. After an embarassing apology and explantion to the current occupant of the room I went back down to reception and I was allocated another room which I'm glad to say wasn't already occupied this time. The hotel was clean and the room was quite spacious, but I think I may have been upgraded to a slightly better room given my earlier escapade with the very irate occupant of the previous room.  Given that I spent more time explaining my situation as to why I had managed to let myself in his room, I didn't get a chance to look around to compare my new room with his. That incident aside, the hotel was really…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
5356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't Stay here if you want to have a lie in,"I have just stayed at this hotel in January and was appalled by the way that I have just been treated by the management team.When we booked in I was asked did I want a wake up call and I replied with ""no thanks it's Saturday and I would like a lie in ""I went to my room and made a cup of tea and when I started to drink it I noticed that the milk was sour so asked for more milk .In the middle of the night I was very cold and the wind was making a  loud noise which I thought was unusual considering it was a double glazed window and when I looked in the morning the window was open and you couldn't close it because it was a special key which I didn't have .I was woken up in the morning at 8 o'clock and again at 8.30 am by the maid who wanted to come into my room to clean it even…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
5357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,london break,"very good hotel, but be warned. smoking is frowned upon even outside the entrances to this hotel and there are no outside covered areas with smoking facilities, so if you are a smoker this hotel is not for you.  Otherwise very pleasant staff, good facilities and nice food.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
5358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good stay overall,"The staff at the Hotel are very accommodating and cheery. The food and food choice was great. The room I stayed in was very comfortable but noted a few things that let it down: bedside lamp needed a new bulb, and the shower curtain had hair caught within it, not very nice at all! A little bit more attention required to room maintence.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
5359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5370-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,New year 2013,We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights 30th Dec til 1st Jan on a bed and breakfast basis. The hotel lobby looks very nice and everything is very clearly set out. the check in staff where friendly. Our room was clean and well furnished but so small you could hardly walk around the twin bed without knocking into the walls. The bed was very comfortable The bathroom was very well equipped and clean. The breakfast was very good lots of choices and we where shown to a table each morning and everything was explained to us. The staff where very polite.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,*Had a fantastic birthday here*,"We visited in November on my birthday had a great experience at the hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful, lovely interior, rooms were absolutely spotless and breakfast was great, so much choice!! We went up to the top floor where the restaurant was located, it had an amazing view right over the River Thames, its worth going up for a drink there. The food was ok up there but abit highly priced for what you get, so probably have a pre- drink there and go elsewhere for food. Overall we had a great stay here and would highly recommend the hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Edgware Road Hilton,"This is the only hotel I can find online that offers two queen beds.  Including breakfast, the rate is quite expensive.  Location is good when come to accessing to and from. However, it is in the Arabic district so that it is hard to find other type of ""western"" food/restaurants.  So we ended up eating in the hotel.  Breakfast offers lots of choices. Room's furniture is kind of ""old"".  Location of the fridge is at the end of the room while the glasses and the bar station is by the first bed.  That makes it almost impossible to use them together.    Also, the bar station is by the bed makes other members (who are not using this bed) reluctant to use the bar as well.  There are insufficient hooks in the bathrooms to hang towels or clothes.  In fact, the first round we stayed in…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A little tired...,"We have had good experiences and excellent deals in Hiltons on three continents, so this came as a bit of a disappointment. The Metropole is quite well situated, near to main tube and bus routes although the surroundings are not exactly park-like. One problem is that everything feels dated and sixty-ish, and it seems understaffed and under-equipped, with a minimum of maintenance being done. It has the impression of an old hotel marking time pending demolition or a complete refurbishment, with the management operating under strict budgets. The duvets barely reached the edge of the beds, and were clearly intended for a smaller size bed. When we asked for bigger ones, we were told that they were the only ones they had. We asked for another and it was grudgingly supplied and took a…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great service; okay room,"My mother and I stayed here from 12/27/13 through 1/3/14.  We stayed in the East tower in an executive king room.  The room was dated, but clean.  Had some minor complaints with the room being overly hot, like sauna hot during our stay, and teeny, tiny trash receptacles.  However, the service we reeuved from every person we encountered was above and beyond!!  Starting with Shadid, Diana, and Ana in the Executive Lounge, they made us feel like family during our stay.  Edem (sp?) and Radra (sp?) in group check-in, who ensured my daughter (there with her HS for the LNYDP) had a room that was smoke free so her asthma wouldn't flare up when the hotel was fully booked.  Ingus, Mohammed, and Tony at the concierge desk were also special mentions as they were so helpful with our multiple…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5375-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Excellent service, good location",This in in a good location right near edge are road tube station.  The rooms are recently refurbished and are clean quiet and comfortable.  Breakfast was excellent too with the usual Choice you would expect from a large chain. Pool is small and was very busy so we didn't bother but looked clean and well maintained.  Staff were excellent .... Only draw back.... Mini bar prices  are usual sky high rates .... But that's as per all large city hotels.,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
5365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly disappointed.,"I have stayed at many Hilton hotels and stayed at this one in the past. Last time I stated in the West Wing, this time I was in the Tower and what a difference. I recommend you check with reception where you are staying and the state of the room, before accepting it.  The room looked as though it hadn't had much done to it for 20 years, I was in 1523. Apparently I had been upgraded to a Deluxe room, I think I might have preferred a standard room. The mattress was very thin and you could feels the springs when lying or sitting on it. There was just one free socket, all others were used by the hotel appliances. No hair dryer. The security latch on the door was broken.  Like most London hotels the rooms are generally compact, but in comparison to the standard room I stayed in the…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
5366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Would stay there again,"Just returned from a trip to London where we stayed at the Metropole. We received a room in the WestWing, which I understand to be the best rooms in the hotel. Clean, updated room with 2 queen beds. We were traveling with a large school group of 212 people, so I can't be too upset that our room was the last of the group's to be ready. The gentleman at the desk kept us updated, and did what he could to speed up the process. Once checked in, we had no problems with anything. Housekeeping did a good job in keeping the room clean. As part of the group, we received meal buffets from the hotel. The food was nothing to write home about. Edible, but rather plain. Close proximity to 2 Underground stations allowed us easy access to the city of London. After just one trip on The Tube, I…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Close to foreigner shops,"Hotel is near to the restaurants & easy to go every where , specially Mme tausus & has good restaurant. staffs are nice & smiley but not efficient . you shall be ready for any con flit with the taxi & for the reservations from concierge",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
5368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Hotel,Another excellent stay made possible by first class attentive staff special mention to Ana and all the staff in the executive lounge and Alice in the restaurant for breakfast the quality of the food was first class and brilliant choice looking forward to our next visit,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
5369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5380-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Shopping in London,"Spent two nights here, was a little worried with some of the reviews but I have to say no complaints at all check in was quick and easy friendly staff, are room was nice and clean very comfortable, will definitely stop here again. ",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
5370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fab hotel,Great location using tube was easy taking you into centre of London .  Room was great very clean and amenities were good. Staff very friendly and helpful would stay here again.  We travelled with a bus company Edwards coach tours very professional would recommend the Nye tours.  Breakfast loads to choose from was a queue for breakfast but you did not have to wait more than 5 minutes to be escorted to your table,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
5371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, nice hotel","The hotel is located just near oxford st (minuets away). The room is clean, but very small. You get coffee and tea set in the room. The lobby is renovated and beautiful. Breakfast is very good also. They have also smokers room be carefull from that if you are a non smoker.",None,5.0
5372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large, loud, and poor area of London","This hotel was our final night in Europe after a 18 day, 8 country trip. We had stayed in small family run hotels and mid size corporate types prior, but this Hilton was the worst. With the charm of a Sears catalog and the surrounding area that looked more like Syria or Iraq, this was a disappointment to be sure.  From the initial surprise of a $15 internet fee per day to the elevator that was never working correctly, I would not suggest staying her unless you were on a company function that required large meeting rooms.  Because of the internet fee, there was crowds of people standing around the lobby trying to somehow get the ""free guest area"" internet signal.  Just a very poor impersonal experience in every way.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
5373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay,"We had another great stay in the Hilton London Metropole. Lovely hotel with great food, luxury rooms and friendly and efficient service. I can't praise this hotel enough. Very close to Paddington station and Edgeware road tube station so very convenient",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
5374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5385-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Horrendous,"(There was limited availability in the area due to NYE celebrations so we had no choice but to stay here)  We paid £282 for our 1 NIGHT stay.    On arrival the check-in process was OK.  The room was horrendous.  Air Con didn’t work.  Badly damaged furniture.  Paint peeling from walls.  Worst of all, the mini bar contained mould ridden left over food from the previous guest.  When we complained, we were moved to another room but I had to collect the new card key.  Nobody was sent to help us with luggage.  £282???  This next room contained the most uncomfortable bed I have ever experienced.  We were so tired we didn’t want to complain to yet another room.  At 10:30pm someone knocked on the door delivering pillows we hadn’t requested.  No apology, just a grunt and he walked away. …",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
5375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hotel Average.,"Hotel staff were helpful and friendly, but I wouldn't have rated the overall experience as four star.  The room didn't smell very fresh, and it was a bit tired looking. There was  a very dirty black mark on the bed linen, although I'm not sure what it was.  The breakfast choice was good, but I didn't like the idea of small children being allowed to finger everything, nor was it very hygienic to have just one jar of Nutella & Peanut butter on display for everyone to just ""dip in"".  We had to queue for a seat in the restaurant, but didn't have to wait too long.  The service, was OK, but we had to ask twice on both mornings for coffee, and the second morning it was only just about warm.  I appreciate that we were there at a busy time, so perhaps the service etc. is better at other…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
5376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stay experience at London Metropole Hilton,"Staff interaction (service/attitude/etc) Poor encounters with Reception/Front Office personnel), faced rude and boorish behaviour when asked for reason for locking us out from the room, a day before we checked out.  Demanded to know when we checked in – and asked in this manner:  WHEN DID YOU CHECKED IN HUH?  WHICH DATE HUH?  WHEN? WHEN?  Room location/type Had room in the West Wing - unlike what was reviewed about good showers, comfortable beds - we had a 'drip, drip, drip' shower experience, a nightmare indeed to wait for a long, long, long time to bathe.  Then, you have the beds with mattresses that were sloping on the sides, you have to cling to the mattress edges else you get rolled off the bed!    Raising any issues to the reception means you get really no satisfactory…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
5377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Hotel,Very nice hotel very close to Edgeware tube station (can see the hotel as soon as you come out of the station)  Hotel is lovely and modern - rooms are standard of Hilton hotels.  Breakfast was a huge selection but was very busy- seems to be a popular hotel with tourists so there was long queues for the hot food for example.  The bar area just off the lobby was nice and relaxing for a drink- I would stay here again,None,4.0
5378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never Again,Arrived in London and was looking forward to our stay at this hotel.  Room was stuffy and it had a bad odour.   Our bathroom hot & cold water did not work well at all.  Being Diabetic there was no fridge in room to keep my insulin and they wanted to charge me 50pounds to bring in a portable fridge considering what we were paying per night.....will not be stayng at this hotel again.  Very noisy at breaksfast - a huge restaurant - waiting staff were ok if you could catch one when needed.,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
5379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5390-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Our stay wasn't good!,"Tired and shabby room, dirty linen (bird's poo) on top of linen. Service inefficient - took 2 calls, half hour wait and follow up to get 2 wine glasses. Curtains came off rail in the room, bed not comfortable as twin beds on wheels and not stable.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
5380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,family with older children,"good hotel. excellent location, close to most of the attractions (i.e London eye, wax museum, etc) queen family room was large enough. had 2 queen beds and a double sofa bed. it had 2 flat screen TVs, however my friend who travelled with me had smaller queen room with one TV and no sofa bed. The negatives are: 1.they charge £15/d for internet service. 2. don't move any thing in the fridge as you may be charged for it even if you don't use it. having said that I was not charged. 3.there is no Jacuzzi  in the swimming pool area. 4. If you did not have breakfast included in the package it will cost £17 per adult (over 12y) per day. under 12 are free. apart from that we enjoyed our stay and it was good over all experience.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Sweet & Sour,"The hotel & it's staff for the most part did well to help my family enjoy our stay , however problems were very slow to be resolved ! A few other issues with my room I let go of as they were minor & I really just wanted to chill & relax with my children.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Birthdaytrip for my sister,"My sister and I stayed here for 3 nights.  The Hotel was clean, had good service and in  short walking distance from Paddington Station and the Metro, and about 10-15 minutes walk to the famous shopping area and Hyde Park.   Breakfast was very good ( but often long lines to the breakfast hall) , the swimming pool decent and the staff was very welcoming and helpful.  The hotel had a nice little sports bar on the first floor, that served good drinks you could drink there or take up to the room.   It was a bit distance from the main centrum. But hey, if you are near the Metro and are wise enough to mind the gap it doesn't matter where you stay in London. - S",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
5383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,REWARD,"This hotel (Hilton) very selective in communicating rewards, benefits to customers until you visit any of its facilities then you receive survey after departure. This is unacceptable and very selective unless you re from UK or resides therein. This should be reviewd and addressed.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5395-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Unpersonalised service,"The hotel location is good, very close to Edgeware tube station.  However the service is poor. They charge me GBP 4 per day for baggage storage!!  I stay over 100 nights in different 5 star hotels worldwide and NONE of them charge me for baggage storage.  I was explained that they have over 1000 customers and only has a small room....well, this is NOT my problem.  My last stay was at Westin and I am sure they have more than 600 customers....but never charge me for storage.  Very disappointed!!  They just want to rip me off!!!!   Think twice before you book.",None,2.0
5385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Gets better every time,"What really made it for us was the overall breath of the facilities. The swimming pool and the scale of the facilities were first rate. There was also a good selection of bars and snack areas - as well as a greatly improved reception. The staff were very helpful and attentive and the food was good too. We really would go to this hotel everytime.""",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Short Xmas trip,"Just spent two nights at the metropole. I wasn't holding out much hope as I have never had a good experience at a hilton BUT this one turned the trend.  We went with friends who recommended it. We had two rooms for five in total. I had a family room for three of us. We didn't have a view but that didn't matter. Our friends had a king room with a view of the London eye. I had Two comfy beds with good quality duvet and pillows, I had a good nights sleep. Big flat screen tv for entertainment and a fully replenished tea, coffee selection each day.  Breakfast was included, a good selection of hot and cold food, even though hotel was busy and we got up late, they seated us for breakfast straight away with no wait.  Had dinner at hotel the first night, had a really good pizza, I know…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A very disappointing end to what was supposed to be a special trip,"After a lovely day in London to remember a sad family event, the idea was to end at a lovely hotel. The family room included a sofa bed which my son was to sleep on. On arrival I called reception  and asked for the bed to be made up. I was told that I could do it myself at my leisure and someone would come and show me how to unfold the bed. The person arrived and told me where to find the duvet and pillows. This annoyed me from outset as when staying   in a hotel I don't expect to make up my own bed -  certainly not at cost of over £300 for a night. Having unfolded the bed it was then quite apparent that the sheet was not clean and the same that the last occupant had left. Entwined within the bed was a pair of baby's leggings. Under the bed was an empty water bottle and numerous…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
5388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average at best,"First impressions of the hotel was very good, clean and presentable reception area and staff. Check in was slightly embarrassing as my partner and I were on a date and I was under the impression we booked a room with a double bed but the gentleman asked us if we would like a room with 2 single beds or a double. When we entered the room again our first impressions were good with the look of the room in very good condition and a stunning the view of London but thought the room was rather small. On a bad note I realize this is by no means no fault of the hotel but there was a very noisy couple in the next room which kept me awake until the very early hours of the morning, I didn't mention the late night incident to staff as I didn't want to give my partner the impression that I was…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5400-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Amazing first night,"Stayed there for the first time as part of a business trip. The rooms are what you would expect from a Hilton, very clean, good size bathroom and very comfy beds.  The location is excellent and the view from the top floor is priceless.   My only regret was to not have stayed longer and that I did not take the time to have breakfast in the morning.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
5390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very nice Hilton!,"I recently stayed here three nights.  My room was a decent size with a comfortable tub and shower.  The location is perfect--across the street from M&S with food products.  Five minute walk to the Edgeware Tube.  Starbucks a five minute walk up the street.    The executive lounge was more than satisfactory and is open long hours.    Check in was slow.  No fault of the hotel staff this time.  One man in front of me decided he was grateful for the desk clerk's attention he kept badgering her with questions for the next ten minutes AFTER she gave him his room key.    If I am able to snag a good rate/point deal, I'll definitely head back to this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good but too large,"I liked to hotel, but it doesn't feel like a Hilton somehow .. it is too large. Two towers, I was in the West Tower. Getting to my room in the West Wing (which was perfectly fine) felt like getting to a room in a Disney resort hotel ... if you go to this hotel ask for a room in the closer tower (I assume the East Wing). I hear from a friend in the business, the Doubletrees in London are the ""real Hiltons"" . Location is great, two blocks from Paddington Station (where the Heathrow Express, the fast train from Heathrow comes in) and Edgeware Rd (by the end of December, the Bakerloo Line (which connects to Oxford Circus, Piccadilly Circus, Charing Cross) will stop there again, which will make it easier than using the Circle line. This tube stop is right across from the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor for a Hilton,"I gotta tell ya, I was really disappointed by the state of the rooms - or to be more specific - the bathrooms. I had an upgraded room in the East tower. The bathroom was the usual pokey hole you get in London due to square foot cost issues but that wasn't the gripe. The finish was just terrible for an Exec floor room. The sealant around the shower door had been applied and reapplied and reapplied. The wood bath cover was peeled and had been, repeatedly, repainted. The whole thing just smacked of botched job. Those rooms really need the bath tearing out and a proper shower cubicle installing; it's just the best way to make use of such limited space in the city.  Public areas were really nice. My check-in chappie, Lucca, was most polite and efficient. Granted, the whole ""welcome…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
5393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Large scales, great view, slow breakfast...","We had the chance to spend an evening at the Metropole. Location is pretty close to downtown, about 15 mins to Oxford street through an Arabic part of London.  The hotel is large, if not the largest Hilton in Europe as a belly boy claimed...It has two wings and a central tower, with more than a thousand rooms, bit just like in Vegas. :)  As the hotel is large, so is the breakfast buffet, but if you come at the wrong time, you may have a 50+ group standing in queue for the eggs, but managable. :)  Rooms are a bit dated, but kept clean, typical London size for a Standard room.  The reason to choose this hotel is not neccessarily for lodging, but much more for the Asian restaurant on the 23rd floor, Minako. Had one of the best meals in London there! Be sure to try out!",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5405-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"One of the most disappointing Hilton, slow check in and inept staff","I was so disappointed with this hotel, I liked the location and thought this was one of the more modern london hotels. thecheck in took incredibly. long, huge line ups,slow inept staff and there were a number of staff just standing around. there was no one directing traffic and there were no arrangements for hilton honors guests. the lounge was similarly understaffed, busy and low quality food and beverages. the general manager of this hotel needs to seriously get his act together the staff is low quality, not motivated and inefficient. Pity because the hotel is huge, has a great location but its food and beverage establishments and service are lagging very behind other hiltons this is purely a management and human capital issue. real pity.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,OK Hotel,"Stayed here with 3 friends in september -13. Rooms were nice and clean. We had to call to get correct amount of towels for the people in the rooms. Breakfast line was insane. 15-20 min waiting time is not what one wants in the morning, it was not good at all. People in luggage room were very nice and service minded. Location is good, near metro.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
5396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel with wonderful staff,"I had to stay in London for one noght for a Christmas function and being a Honors member and close by to where the function took place I chose The Metropole. I had stayed there before about 2 years ago. I was greeted by an the most personable young lady at reception and was upgraded to a room in the West wing. Really beautiful room. Could not be faulted. I also had access to the Executive Lounge. The staff here were also delightful and the offer of canapes of a high standard. The lounge itself is rather tired and could do with a renovation. I had breakfast in the restaurant and again great, friendly and extremely attentive staff. I wold recommend this hotel to anybody a real pleasure to stay there!",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
5397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A flying visit,"Just stayed the one night as going for a Christmas meal with the team in London.  Arrived about 1:30 but was able to check in. Only 2 reception staff but I was the only one in the queue so not a problem. Was upgraded to an executive room, so plenty of space with large TV and desk (which I needed as I had work to do); plus wi-fi which is free for me as I am a diamond loyalty member. The bathroom had a separate shower cubicle. Also, I was on the 5th floor so not disturbed by noise. A colleague was in the 2nd floor and he was aware of street noise. so the higher the quieter. The executive lounge was as you'd expect, my only problem was being out when the alcohol was available :-) Also had breakfast in the lounge. Reasonable selection of cold meat, smoked salmon, and cheese. Boiled…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The new main entrance stinks and there is nothing special about the room and small bath,"This is the first time I have stayed at this hotel since they renovated the lobby, etc., I am a Hilton Hhonors Gold VIP member, and I see my share of Hiltons worldwide. However there is nothing special about the room – a tiny shower stall in which I felt cramped and I had a hard time bending over to wash lower legs, feet, etc. The bath cold also use a wall-mounted magnification mirror for seeing one's face close up, which I find in almost all upscale properties.  The lobby area is great and spacious. However, I don’t like the location of the new main entrance - where taxi cabs drop you off. I now have to walk almost the entire lobby area to get to the registration desk. The previous front entrance was at the corner of Edgware Rd and Praed St and you needed only a few feet to…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5410-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Can't quite pin it down.....,"Stayed there for 2 nights with wife, for shopping + theatre show visit.  Gold card member, upgraded to Executive room - thanks to pass on to the Front Desk Manageress.  The hotel is very close to Edgware Road tube station = easy access to London for business or tourism.  If you walk 15 mins down Edgware Road to Marble Arch, you are at the end of Oxford Street for shopping.  Note - regardless of where your room is in the hotel, you will probably pick up some traffic noise - more if an emergency vehicle scoots by at 0300 with the sirens blaring!  The lobby & bar areas are super-swish, I believe a big refurbishment from earlier in the year.  Can't really say the same about the room (bearing in mind it was an Executive level option).  It was clean, functional & with relatively…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very disappointing!!,"After two years of absence I returned to this busy central London hotel. This time I got a room at the ""Tower Wing"" and it was almost terrible! The room was very small and old, the furniture hasn't been replaced for many years , the bathroom was rusty and above all: the smell was almost unbearable! I regret that I didn't request to change the room. My work coleague couldn't stay at his room due to the bad smell and changed it to one at the ""West Winrg. The last time I was at this hotel I received a room at the ""West Wing"" which was completely different. Avoid staying at this hotel at the Tower Wing!!!",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
5401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good but disappoinitng,I expected more from this Hotel. The room was shabby and i had no idea how they expected me to close the shower which seemed to have no handle! Plus is a comfortable bed and massive TV.  Breakfast was in 2 areas unfort i chose the one in -3...which looked like a canteen.  The staff were helpful but a little cold.  On the whole it was an average hotel with a fancy name.,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel,"I stayed here with friends very recently and was very impressed with the interior of the hotel itself - it held up Hilton standard. Everything was spotless, even the room and the stay was overall to a high standard but I do expect a higher standard for the prices they charge and the reputation they rely upon.  A few notes, and I must highlight that working in the industry myself I am perhaps more critical than the average person, but nonetheless.  *check in: we were not provided with any information on check in other than what our room number was and where the lifts were, I would have expected to be told what time breakfast is served until, maybe someone offer to take our bags, have check out time reiterated etc.  *bar service: we were enjoying a few cocktails in the bar area on…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor Customer Service,"I have just came back from spending the weekend at this hotel, first impressions of the hotel was good, We stood in the to check in, We had out confirmation email with us which informed us that £522.00 had been taken from the credit card on purchase of the room as no deposits can be taken. The reception staff had real poor customer service manners, He informed us there was no booking informed of us anywhere, He phoned the booking people who also said there was nothing, the gentle then called his manager over who was quite happy for us to sleep on the streets with 2 kids. I found this rather disgusting being a hilton. The man asked us to pay the £522.00 again with the card, we informed him this this was a present from our grandfather who was of 74 years old and wasnt with us on…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
5404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5415-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not quite as good as usual,"Having stayed here a number of times before this visit was not quite as good, but nothing terrible. The hotel was very very busy, with this time of year award ceremonies going on.   Our room in the West Wing was perfectly fine, with the usual fittings etc, although the bathroom was looking a little tired.   Parking is always a bonus here, but it is rather costly.   We were offered the wifi code for our room, but now suspect that we may have been charged for this, but this was not mentioned.   Breakfasts are always good here, with a great selection, you really can not complain. Just a comment though, all the plates were cold, but they were very very busy, we ate in the function room/breakfast room, far faster than choosing the downstairs area.   For the room cost, it should be…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Stay... Amazing Breakie!,"We were a large group staying here in December. I had a fantastic room 2101. Perfect view, clean, comfy and cozy.  The staff were great. Perfect quality for a London hotel.  Breakfast, was the best bit. So much variety. Well suited to everyone.  I'll be coming back here for my next trip to London.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
5406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole,"A good overall hotel. Well placed for subway access to the heart of London. Very modern and clean. Friendly staff and good choice of food and drinks. My only complaint is that wi-fi costs £14.99 a night, which seems very dear for something that you get free in most venues.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,£5 for soya milk if you are dairy free,"We booked a King Suite and had to wait over an hour to checkin with everyone else.  After an hour I went to find out what was going on but none of the suites were ready, it was a bit of a joke but at least we could chill out in the Exec floor lounge.  They were kind enough to get some soya milk for my wife who cannot have milk.  Eventually the manager spoke to us and moved our room tot the Octagon Suite which was quite a nice room, although the view is a bit crap, it was also ridiculously warm at night.  In the morning I used the 'one button for anything' on the phone to get some soya milk for my wife for tea, I was told there would be a £5 cover charge.  So a word of warning, if you book the £500 per night suite they expect you to pony up another £5 because if you cannot have…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
5408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"good hotel, poor breakfast","A pre-christmas stay in London to see a show and possibly some shopping.Booked with a coach party as the itinerary included a stay at a Hilton and we were not disappointed with this hotel. It was up to the usual Hilton standard, the staff we encountered were unfailingly pleasant and polite, the room was clean and spacious with a very comfortable bed and a bathroom maintained in pristine condition.Hyde Park and Marble Arch are both within 15 minutes walk, Circle, District and Bakerloo Underground stations are across the road and Paddington Main Line and Underground stations a few minutes walk down the road. All in all a very nice stay but I would mention a couple of points. There is a separate (Group Reservations) area for the hoi-polloi who arrive on coach package tours, surely…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5420-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,UPSET GUEST,"Yes I do. I asked if the check out time can be delayed for 30 minutes and was told that 12noon is 12 noon, I was not happy with that response. Even if that is your policy, the way it was delivered to me was not professional, your staff had an arrogant tone to his delivery of your policy. I think there is a better way of saying the same thing with out upsetting your guest.   Many thanks  Iloba",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
5410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Massive Hotel,"We had a fabulous family room with 2 TVs, which was great for 2 adults/2 teenagers but found the rest of the hotel a bit of a chore - way too big. We  booked a ""Winning Weekend"" where you get a prize - was given one miserable scratch card between the 4 of us on which we won a bottle of wine if we bought 2 main courses! so we got nothing! Breakfast not worth it - very chaotic, food was almost cold, poor enough quality with massive queues - you would be much better going out to a restaurant & getting something nice served up to you without all the hassle - definitely not worth including it if you have to pay extra.   Also it's about time the Hilton offered free wifi throughout the hotel/bedrooms - we won't be back until they do.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,somewhere special,First class hotel with good location for central London. Nice pool to enjoy on the second floor. Breakfast not special and expensive. Hyde park only 10 minutes walk. Oxford Street shops 15 minutes away.        ,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
5412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Everything was excellent,"Everything in the hotel was excellent, very friendly hotel staff, breakfast was great, room was excellent with beautiful view, location is amazing, 15m from hotel is tube station, it was great expirience.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
5413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable,The room was large although the bathroom left a bit to be desired. The breakfast was vast and we got it for half price on arrival but we definately wouldn't have paid £20 for a breakfast. The area isn't brilliant but it is right next to the subway station. Quite expensive.,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
5414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5425-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good Hilton Hotel,"Stayed here for 2 nights while Christmas shopping in London, Has all the facilities you would expect of a Hilton hotel and we were given a spacious King room with a great view of Hyde park and London.   Room was clean and tidy and well stocked, the bed was comfy with plenty of space and the room was quiet with no noise from the road below.  The location is ideally situated near a tube station so easy access to the main sights in London.  We had breakfast during our stay and this was also of a good standard and the staff were more than happy to help with any problems and issues that we had.  Would be more than happy to stay again.",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge but caring,"In spite of its size the staff of this hotel succeed in making guests feel special. There was a queue at reception when we arrived but it moved very quickly, and the friendly, helpful receptionist who attended to us more than made up for the wait. Our Superior King room in the West Wing was quiet, spacious and well equipped, and the shower was excellent. The one problem was a creaky bed, as mentioned by earlier reviewers. We had breakfast early on Saturday and Sunday morning, so the queues were short, but we noticed that that they were much longer later. If one is happy with a coffee and croissant the lobby bar is probably a better bet, though the buffet breakfast is very good. There were no breakfast queues on Monday, so it appears to be a week-end problem. Staff at the…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Open the windows!,"The Hilton London Metropole has undergone a renovation since I last stayed here, The lobby and rooms have been updated. The staff is friendly and helpful. Rooms are clean and small. Bathroom is also quite small. My main issue is that the room did not smell fresh; it was musty.  One notices the outer windows are useable but these have been blocked by a second barrier of windows that are locked shut. Even with the a/c on, I just wanted so badly to air out the room. I was there on a Sunday and apparently that's the fire drill test day, so if you're sleeping late, be ready for something loud! Outside you're on Edgware Road, the middle east of London and the only place to eat past midnight, if shawerma and hummus is your thing. You're a quick walk down to Hyde Park / Marble Arch…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
5417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Huge hotel. Great facilities.,"Recently spent 2 nights here as part of an organised weekend break. Initially blown away by the sheer size of the place but found the service very good and the breakfast excellent. Some delay checking in but otherwise a decent stay. Rooms clean and comfortable and a short walk to Hyde Park corner and Oxford St. Found the bar prices to be reasonable (unusual for London) All in all a very pleasant, if short, stay",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, shame about the elevators!","Stayed here after a conference. Hotel looks great, rooms are very nice, I was in a twin, bit small but did the job.  One thing that I found ridiculous  was the wait time on the elevators. 20mins wait would not be unusual. With 23 floors and only 4 elevators in the tower, don't need to be a genius. The stairs were emergency stairs.  Check out was noon. Saying this I had 3 housekeepers at my room before 10am.  Id stay here again although I would request a room that wasn't in the tower!",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
5419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5430-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton always delivers,"London is always pot luck sometimes when you try and find a decent place to stay.  We've tried cheapy ones and wished we hadn't.  Hubby and I were going to the theatre and wanted to stay one night so we decided to stay at the Hilton which we are members of anyway by going to the Bracknell one many times.  We managed to get fast tracked and up-graded to a beautiful room on the 23rd floor looking out of our windows at the whole of the area with the ""eye"" and the Post Office tower and Big Ben in the distant.  Wonderful.  The room and bed were delightful with complimentary robes and slippers.  Breakfast was amazing, firstly a huge queue confronted us as we came down to the breakfast room, but it soon dispersed and we were seated in 15 mins which was excellent.  You could eat what…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Young Irish Couple,"My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights last January, a very nice hotel the Hilton Metropole is situated in a very ethnically diverse area (Edgeware Rd) which my wife and I really liked as there is such a diverse range of restaurants nearby and the tube is only two minutes walk away so very convenient for seeing the sights, compared to other similar hotels in London the price was quite reasonable and the breakfast was all you could expect and want before a day of hitting the streets of London;) I would definitely return.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to standard,"We stayed for 2 nights from 30th November and were extremely disappointed. We were given a room in the tower which was not fit for purpose.  The carpet was filthy and badly stained, the air con did not work, the bathroom was very shabby and there was no hot water available in the morning. We requested a change of room and had to wait for someone to check out as the hotel was full.  We were moved in the afternoon to the west wing which was much better and seems to be a newer part of the hotel.  There was  absolutely no comparison between the 2 rooms although they cost the same.  If you have to stay here insist on a room in the west wing. There was a long queue for breakfast throughout the morning.  When we were checking out everyone else at the reception area seemed to be…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
5422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Stunned with an unclean room,"After a tiring trans-Atlantic flight my husband and I arrived at the hotel to be told our room was not available, but would be given a king-size bed overlooking Hyde Park when it was ready.   No big deal.  We took the opportunity to start sight seeing.  When we checked in again we were given a very small room.  No king-size bed.  No view of Hyde Park.   No big deal.  We understand Europe has different standards which we respect.  BUT I draw the line with cleanliness.  The bed offered a coverlet that was filthy.  It appeared to have never been cleaned.  It had visible food droppings, at least I presume it was food.  The carpet looked the same with splotches of matter that had not been cleaned from it.  After nothing short of a HUGE hassle, trying to be firm, but friendly and not…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
5423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Business Hotel,"Since 2 years, I'm staying in Hinton Metropole Hotel for my business trips to London. The hotel was renovated last year and this year I felt that I'm staying in an hotel with great service perfect location and clean rooms. Hotel is located very close to Paddington station with a view of London eye for upper floors' room on the tower. The breakfast is satisfactory and all the staff is very friendly. They're always smiling and helpful.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
5424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5435-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Barely acceptable,"Reasonably well maintained, corridors not so clean, located in a busy street, but you can't hear much noise. Conveniently located close to Paddington train station with express train connection to Heathrow airport. Reasonably good breakfast. Wellness area is rather poor.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Big but well-run,"The Hilton London Metropole is a good, not great, hotel.  Located close by Paddington Station, the hotel is very large and pretty well-run; both times we stayed there (beginning/end of a tour), it was packed to the gills and yet things ran smoothly.  We ate in both the restaurants -- the first-floor one for both breakfast buffet and one dinner, and in the Minako Asian fusion restaurant on the 23rd floor -- excellent view, very good food.  The food in both restaurants was good.  Our room was fine -- a spacious triple.  I'm not sure I'd choose to stay there again (to me, it's a very American-style hotel, and I'd prefer something more, well, ""English""), but for what it is, it's fine.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not up to Hilton Standards,"Stayed 3 nights in November with a room in the West Tower, which is the ""old"" section of hotel.  Summary as follows: Room:  22nd floor had good view of city lights but carpet dirty (major stains) and mold in grout of bathroom.  Minibar had food left in it and very bad odor.  Called desk and they came to remove old food but did nothing about nasty odor.  Would not consider putting anything in it or using any of the items.  Windows did not close tightly so that police and emergency sirens are loud all night long.  Definitely need ear plugs. Lobby: modern and remodeled. Neighborhood:  Heavy middle eastern influence with many Lebanese and Arabic restaurants nearby.  Few old fashioned British Pubs in the area. Breakfast Buffet:  It's spread out nicely with plenty of variety.  Very…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
5427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,London Metropole,Great location with some tremendous staff.  If you are a wheelchair user make sure that the hotel knows and that it provides you with a room in which a shower chair is fitted/available...  juncowaidnsqweoijfewpojfgjgovweoprjgfowvpejmrgvpojwemgpoemvmnv'i'nvwoij'ioprnvpoiwenjm'pveoiv,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
5428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Does anyone care here? Clearly not!,"This place is so big even staff seem to get lost and give you wrong directions. There is more than one building and no one bothered to tell us? Up to the wrong elevator only to find the key did not work, down again to have a shrugged shoulder kinda attitude and a new room key, this worked but had luggage inside......enough is enough!!!  We asked for someone to meet us on the floor but we were told the manager is busy. Walked down FOR THE SECOND TIME, receptionist points at the manager and she makes us sit and wait.....20 minutes wait we got fed up and went to room by ourselves. We called again at 5.30pm and customer service told us the operations manager is always very busy (while we overheard someone else saying she was actually eating!!!!). No one ever called us that evening,…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
5429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5440-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Above expectations,Stayed here at the beginning and conclusion of a Globus tour. Our room on the 24th was fine except it smelt of stale cigarettes. It was small but suited our needs for the night. No wait at breakfast the next morning although we were there quite early. No waiting at reception for check in or checkout .  We stayed for 2 nights at the conclusion of our tour and the room was much bigger and better. At breakfast the dining room was packed so the dining room on the 3rd floor was utilised so no problem there. We were able to use express checkout so no waiting. All in all a very good hotel.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,LIke a night in a refugee camp,"Reception tried to be efficient -but failed. Gave me a room key for room on ninth floor. The door would not open. Back down to reception - re-registered the key.  Back up to ninth floor. Door opened - to a mess and someone else's cases and belongings. Back down to reception - now gave me a key to a nearby room. It worked! Went into a very small room with no view - but with bath and shower. Next morning - only luke warm water not warm enough for a bath, shower or shave. No instructions in room how to get to both dining rooms. Arrived for breakfast (9.30 a.m. to find a long queue - (We had been warned by our bus driver). Long wait for bacon. Sorry sir we have no white bread left. My fried egg was unbelievable. I could pick it up like a frisbee (but not eat it). All told a very…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not great,"This is my 3rd stay here. The check in was not very smooth, the lady didn't find my booking but when I told her that it was made on last minute she moved to another computer and found it. So the check in took five minutes than usual.   Anyways I couldn't sleep as I am not used to the pillows in the hotel. There were four of them, they could have a variety. They were very soft and there was no option to change them.  I asked for a wake up call which never occurred. However at about 8,30 someone opened my door but because I locked it they couldn't get far and went downstairs. 20 minutes later I got a call from reception . they asked me when I checkedin and who I was. Apparently someone didn't see that I was in the room and decided to check in another client in my room while I was…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
5432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location- Rooms are tired and in need of an upgrade,"Stayed here for two nights back in October.  The room itself was a bit of a disappointment.  The first clue was that you couldn't open the door to a 90 degree angle (not what I expect from a Hilton) The room was so tiny that you couldn't swing a cat.  No where to place your suitcase (had to be kept upright)  The bathroom did not have proper ventilation, so when you got out of the shower, it was a similar experience that you might have when you have spent too long in a steam room.  In this day and age, I also don't like to have to pay for internet.    The good thing about this place was the proximity to Paddington Station.  After taking the Heathrow Express into Central London, the hotel was located a short walk (maybe 8-10 mins).  There is also many buses that go down Edgeware…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A fairly good hotel with excellent connectivity!,"---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- DISCLAIMER: All my reviews would be written based on a perspective of a  vegetarian, non-smoker, non-alcoholic, price-conscious, Indian customer. All my ratings and feedback would be heavily dependent on the variables stated above. Viewers are expected to consider my comments accordingly before making their travel decisions.  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  I visited London as a part of a business conference and had the opportunity to stay at Hotel Hilton London Metropole for a period of 8 nights.  Overall, the property is good, with a large and a beautiful…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
5434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5445-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,All in all not bad,"We booked a bus trip for a weekend trip to London,we were booked into the Metropole for our one night stay.On the coach we were told to wait while the driver went to receotion to notify the hotel of our arrival.after a few minutes a member of the hotel came on board to pas our keys onto everyone ,all wehad to do was sign an arrival sheet,we then went straight to our rooms,great no waiting at reception.The room was clean a large bed and standard bathroom.A TV Kettle with tea and coffee and alarm clock were in the rooms.tucked away was a safe along with a iron and ironing board.We used one of the bars but didn't have lunch or dinner only the breakfast the next morning,guests were waiting to be seated but this didn't take to long,breakfast was fine plenty to choose from and this…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rooms dated,"Foyer and reception area's very spacious and modern but the rooms in the tower block even though I upgraded to a ""Deluxe"" was cramped and in need of a clean up.  Paint stripped from the doors and a leak from the ceiling into the hallway outside the bathroom.  TV channels very limited and nothing in place to cater for kids in the evening time",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"It was OK, could have been better","I stayed at this hotel for an awards ceremony I had been invited to which took place at the hotel itself. My room 308 was spacious for the money in Central London but the bed really was not comfortable. I could feel the springs and it made noises every time you move, rather annoying. The bathroom was clean and of standard size with a shower over bath. The room was very quiet and the buffet style breakfast was good. Admittedly I did not put the do not disturb sign on my door nevertheless I was not expecting housekeeping to be knocking on my door at 8am on a Saturday!!",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"A good hotel, but rooms need some upgrading.","I stayed here for a weekend with two girlfriends, after being recommended the hotel by my sister-in-law. The advantage of the hotel is that they offer hotel rooms for three people with three single beds. Not many others who offer it. The staff was very service minded and helpful, and check-in/check-out went very quickly. The big drawn back was that the room was ice-cold, and we had problems with the AC so we did not get the heat up to a desirable level. I had to sleep with clothes on, and taking a shower was downright unpleasant because of the cold. The restaurant at the top had lovely Asian food and a fantastic view, not so impressed by the other restaurant down by the lobby, bad food and bad service. Overall a good hotel, a short 10-15 min walk from Oxford street.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
5438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, good service, beautiful reception but rooms to be renovated","We stayed 2 nights at the Hilton Metropole. The location is great, just 2 min. walking to the underground station (Edgware Road) which  will take you within 10 min. to  the main attractions of the city. There are several buses driving around and the area has plenty of restaurants, cafe's, McDonalds, etc.  A very young  and polite receptionist asked us if we were planning to use the minibar and w answered no, but, we still requested a room in a higher floor with a nice view. He still sent us to an awful room with a view to a inside grey wall (depressing), no working telephone, no need to say...without minibar and in front of other elevators. We had to go back to the reception and an older recepcionist upgraded us to a much better room with a very nice view.  Plus: -Location is…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5450-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Expensive for nothing,"Lobbies and halls really nice. A very big hotel but rooms are small and not clean. I stayed 5 days for business. I was in the business rooms. First day, there are some fruit and chocolates in the room. The fruit and chocolates were there the 5 days. Nobody changed them or took them away. Fruit with mildew was there all the time. Amenities were really bad quality. Room service did bed and bathrooms. Nothing else. The room has balcony. The Balcony was very dirty and nobody in years was cleaning it. Although I was in the 7th floor, it smelt the same to be in the SPA, or swimming pool área. Breakfast was really poor and always the same. Executive lounge was nice but breakfast was scanty.  Its situation is not so good. very dirty streets around. Very expensive for almost nothing.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
5440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just about OK,"This hotel has a great location. The Edgware Road tube station is just across the road. It is very close to Paddington and Oxford Street as well. The neighborhood has a lot of restaurants and this is the area for Mediterranean cuisine. So location is a great plus.  Coming to the rooms, I was really disappointed to see my room. It has 2 beds and the room was way too small. There wasn't enough space as well to drag my suitcase all the way to the corner of the room. Plus bad arrangement/size of furniture added to the challenge of a small room. The beds were of average quality and my expectation after paying this price is at least better quality beds. In general, I think the rooms need a major renovation as they look old and jaded.  I had dinner quite a few times in the restaurant…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Average not more for a Hilton Standard,"A little bit disappointed when arriving in this hotel. The area is not central London and there's not that much to do around. Second bad surprise was my room... I get an executive room in the East Wing, promising from the name, but disappointing when getting in..! It was a 3rd floor two single bed room, with a small window with a view on the Air conditioning machine + the noise : no way !. I've asked to change and I've been proposed a room in the Tower Wing at the 22nd floor, much more close to the Hilton Standard. Great view on London, comfortable king size bed, everything I was expected when booking at Hilton.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Did the job.,"I took a trip to London for a short break and was delighted to book into this hotel.  The outside of the hotel was rather striking and inside it's recently renovated reception was really nice.    We checked in hassle free and went to our room which was a little disappointing.  It had all of the things that you would expect but the condition of the wallpaper with visible joins and peeling in places just detracted from what was a very comfortable and nice room.  I don't really stay in many hotels so I have no real point of reference.  This may be a common thing in 4 star hotels, I don't know.  It may seem small and insignificant but it seems such a simple fix and it irked a little.    The bar staff were great and compared to other London prices the bar was fairly reasonable.     …",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay.,"Very good hotel, wonderful position 50 metres close to Edgware Road underground station. Professional and friendly staff, great breakfast, comfortable and clean room, check in and check out operations running very quickly...what else?",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
5444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5455-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,stayed here last weekend!,"I didn't think much of this hotel, rooms where quite small but clean, bar staff was very disappointing, as me and my husband came back from a show thinking we would get a drink before going to our room and there was 6 bar staff serveing but not one of them served us and we waited 10 minutes so very very poor, plus breakfast the next day we had to que for 1/2 an hour as they didn't open any of the other resturants, wont be staying here again.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
5445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, but very small rooms!","We stayed here for the weekend recently. The hotel is convenient and near to tubes etc and some very tasty lebanese restaurants. Most of the staff were very helpful and the beds were comfortable, but ours was shoebox sized which was a bit disappointing for the price.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel but dissappointed by one rude moment.,"My friend and I had a wonderful booking in. We arrived 45 mins early and were given out room keys which was brilliant as we had to run somewhere. We got a lovely room. We ate from the restaurant down stairs which was nice, had room service and had breakfast. Wonderful breakfast! But the down point whilst checking out we had received a rude comment from the receptionist. Which made me personally feel like I was looked down on. Would think if i wanted to about staying there with that rude individual. But otherwise wonderful. ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,No value for money,"Stayed here a few times but very dissapointing and not Hilton standards. People at check in are very Nice, but the hotel is old and in need of renovation. WiFi should be free always! Location conveniënt for my office, but prefer to stay somewhere else.",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
5448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Long weekend,"Room ok, executive room ok although service a little slow and Minako restaurant poor with menu not matching that adverstised. The price paid for the hotel was ok for London and the location is pretty good too.  This is a very large hotel and whilst we didnt have breakfast in the main restaurant i heard many complaints from other guests about how long it took to get served at breakfast and that they had to queue for quite sometime to enter the restaurant for breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5460-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dissapointed...Not as expected,"I stayed there with my friends for one night in Nov this year, we were quiet excited by the fact that we booked this hotel at this great central location. First lets talk about the plus points,Check in was super quick ,the room was good size with all amenities,it was clean and tidy,view from the window was good,health club was a plus point. Now the negatives, the main problem was the mattresses, so firm and hard neither of us had a good sleep and we all woke up moaning and some back ache,the shower pressure was so slow it took us 15 minutes to shower,room service was a big big let down, ordered some complimentary tea,coffees at around 4 in the evening but never arrived,so had to remind them again and finally got this at 11 night, upon complaining the delay at the main reception…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Wheelchair friendly!,If you are a wheelchair user this is a fantastic hotel to use. We had no problems with any access and the staff were all very helpful. The restaurant was fantastic and the food was perfectly cooked. The bar is a overpriced but there were plenty of other places nearby. In short it is a very good hotel,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Some Improvement done ...,"It is some time since my last review of the Hotel - with the very nice refurbishment of the lobby, a huge step has been done forward in order to welcome the guests. Access to the property is far better then before, also taxis can easily be accessed.   Staff at the reception is nice and helpful. Areas which still need to be looked at are:   A) Restaurant for breakfast: I am having on a regular basis my breakfast there and I miss a chef preparing fresh scrambled eggs, etc. - the fried eggs are only good if fresh, otherwise there is a thick skin on the egg yolk. The choice of fresh food is smaller then before.   B) the bedrooms are at different levels of refurbishment - you may be lucky and get very nice rooms and hardly any noise - other rooms facing the motorway at the back have…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, expensive, good location.","Stay here often. Some rooms are much better than others, I think it's pot luck. Size of room varies and the views differ..if you want a great view, ask for a room in the Tower. We stayed on 17th floor, view of London's skyline is terrific.  Breakfast is good, excellent choice, but it is a very busy place. Often at peak times there is a queue to get into the restaurant and a queue for food.  We stayed and attended a function in another hotel. We arrived back to this hotel at 01:30 and the bars were closed, which for a hotel like this was disappointing.  If you don't mind paying the high room rates, it's a good place to stay.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel ,"I cannot concur with most criticisms recently voiced of this hotel. I have stayed several times and not been disappointed. Swift check in at The Exec Lounge which is large and room clean and of a large size. How previous reviewers can call the pool small I have no idea. For a hotel it is large. Prompt room service around midnight. Good bar service. Only quibble- breakfast in exec lounge a bit limited, and that in the restaurant expensive, but it was my choice to eat in it. ",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
5454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5465-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,A Winning Weekend in London,I am a wheelchair user and a nervous traveller. My stay here could not be better after a few minor car park blips. Its a disabled friendly hotel whilst retaining the hotel feel. Staff could not have done more to make my stay special.We stayed to celebrate my husband's birthday. He loves Middle Eastern food so the perfect location too.,Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
5455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not a bad hotel for the price,"The location is a little bit far from the action, however this has its benefits.   Nice quiet neighborhood and we liked that.  If you exit the rear door you will find some nice pubs, with good food within a couple blocks.   Only a eight minute walk to a bus pick up point too.   Our room was spacious and about what you would expect from hilton. I would stay hear again",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Super hotel for business person - superb evening meals,"The rooms are ideal for any business person being large, comfortable, clean, and well appointed you could easily work all day from the room. Close proximity to 2 x Edgeware Road tube stations. Evening meals are excellent - good quality, plenty of it, made with passion, and about the same price as going outside to look for it. I was greeted by Mia, who seeing that I was alone made sure I had some company. Attentive waiters, ask for Haisam, he knows what you want before you do. Executive chef Michael, happiest chef I ever met, loves his job, shows in the taste. Great value.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Huge hotel, great facilities, need of refurbishing","As always the Hilton hotel was probably fantastic when is was built. They had everything you would need of facilities within the building, the staff was professional and the common areas where great. They should however be careful of showing off a nice reception area when the hallways and rooms in the upper levels look like they have not been refurbished since the 60`s.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Somewhat Disappointed,The lobby area is nice and overall its a nice hotel but the rooms are super small!  My husband and I were in a queen bed (we haven't slept in a queen in 10 years!).  Room was so tiny we could barely move around.  The mattress was WAY firm (he loved it - I hated it).  We never were able to control the thermostat in the room - it was constantly HOT.  I'm sure they were aware of it because we were on the 19th floor & discovered that one of the windows in our room could be opened!  Needless to say we kept it open so we didn't suffocate!  Our stay included breakfast which was fine - nothing spectacular but adequate.  Although we were near an Underground stop - we soon found out that its closed until sometime next year!  Only had one concierge who was friendly (hey Mohammad!) the…,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5470-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not enough staff, had to switch rooms, ok for meetings",Went here for a conference with wife. Queues on arrival were horrible. Had wife wait in nice bar area with free wifi. Went to our room & could here people next door! Not good for a romantic get away. Complained to staff & they gave us a non adjoining room which worked fine. They charge for wifi outside the one common area. It should be free everywhere for what they charge per room.  This location is not the best unless you are comfortable in a middle Eastern culture. There is a tube stop close by. Our conference room was nice for our group & lunch was good. If we have to choose we will go elsewhere next time.,Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
5460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Total Rip Off!,"I stayed at the Metropole Paddington Hilton Sunday November 17 to Tuesday November 19. What a rip off this turned out to be! They are charging £ 59 [!!] for two days use of WiFi. For the parking in their Garage for the 2 nights they charged £ 70, when I ordered Room Service they had the audacity to add £ 5 for what they called a 'tray charge'. This is in addition to their overpriced room service menu. The service is generally poor, and does not befit a 5 star Hotel [I had to carry my luggage up to the 13th floor myself, no help was offered upon check in]. I would certainly not stay there again, and I am a Hilton Honours Member [since 20 years]",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
5461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Ok for a visit to London,"Booked a secret hotel on through Last Minute for a shopping trip to London and got the Hilton Metropole Edgware road   On the special request we asked for a quiet room but no such luck we ended up on the 6th floor right by the lifts which were quite noise and the fridge in the room sounded motor bike.   The room was ok but a bit dated and could have done with a revamp like the lobby has had, the hotel is located right over the road from the Tube which was handy especially after a full day in London.   The hotel it’s self was extremely busy which you noticed most at breakfast but the staff seemed to be nice and friendly even when dealing with some unpleasant customers   The best part of the hotel is the bar on the 23rd floor nice and relaxing with great views over the city it was…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dreadful Hotel and Staff couldn't care less,"Stayed on Fri 15th Nov 2013. Lady at check in was delightful but that is where any positivity ended. The room I was allocated was utterly appaling: it was tiny, overlooked Euston Road and had no sound proofing as far as I could tell as all I could hear were police sirens through the night; the bathroom looked like something from a Victorian Blackpool guest house and the wardrobe was some pieces of chipboard painted white and stuck on the wall by the door of the room. The whole place resembled a student flat. I tried to change my room but got nowhere. The executive lounge was very small, not enough seating by miles for the number of guests and the staff couldn't care less: I heard the man at the door say to a customer ""There aren't any seats, it's just tough, it's first come…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
5463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,switching rooms,"Due to the fact we were looking after a very elderly gent( and one other )it did take a lot of juggling to get rooms which were suitable for our needs and moved a number of times,with compromises on our part. the service was good over all but breakfast was also effected by are many room changes,not the best start to our break.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5475-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not the best location, but nice hotel and close to the tube","The standard of the rooms is nice and the hotel is pretty nice, albeit a bit expensive.  Located right by Edgware Road tube station, you're only 10-15 minutes away from Oxford Circus and Piccadilly, ideal location for a weekend trip. A cab home is less than £10.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Impressive revamp,"Having last stayed at this hotel 3years ago we were very impressed with the new look,the reception and bar area are very much improved.Breakfast was very enjoyable with a wide variety to choose from,only fault would be swimming pool was rather cold. The hotel is quiet a way from centre therefore a taxi fare of around £10-12 into centre but other than that an enjoyable stay",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Elegant, huge, soulless","Our room was elegant and clean. Not all the electrical plugs worked.  They had English, European and North American plugs; the English ones worked but the NA ones did not.  Still, the thought of having different plugs was good. There was minimal light in the bathroom.  Generally bathrooms should be illuminated more like surgical suites than like seance parlours, but not in this case. To location was good, minutes from Paddington station. The breakfast starts at 0630, not early enough for our morning departure.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not impressed with the rooms!,"Whilst the welcome from the staff and the very modern reception was impressive, behind the bedroom door wasn't so impressive. Will think twice before using Hilton again.  Old and damaged mattress Noise from the drains throughout the night Room and hallways had an awful smoke/cigarette smell which had been masked by air-freshener No way to get fresh air in to the room as windows all locked  I've stayed in much better hotels for less in London.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
5468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too expensive for what you get - outdated hotel,"The hotel is used a lot as a conference venue but if you do not need to be there consider some other optionsin London. Outdated rooms and bathroom, poor airco, poor insulation.  USP is that it is at walking distance of Paddington Station (0.4 mile) so in total 30 minutes from Heathrow with the Express.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
5469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5480-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Tips for mature couple,This is a very busy hotel with conference facilities. For a mature couple visiting London for a few days it is ideal. Don't always accept the first room offered as redecoration was required in the first room. Speak politely to the manager and the room offered was not only better but a higher grade at no extra expense. Breakfast at a big hotel in London is always busy but was managed very well with polite staff and excellent breakfast choice. My wife and I used our bus passes for travelling around London which was a site seeing experience in itself. Having both worked in London for many years before retiring we enjoyed watching the fast pace of life of everybody else!,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Small rooms but not bad overall,"I recently stayed at this hotel for a week on a business trip to London. Standard rooms in this hotel are pretty small and the hotel is somewhat outdated. That said, the staff was pretty nice and so was the breakfast. The lobby and breakfast areas are by far the best part of the hotel. I'm just hoping they'll continue the remodel now that the lobby is complete and update all of the rooms.  All in all, nothing spectacular here but I would stay again.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Large hotel with good standard,"I like the Hilton hotels, and this is no exception. It is large, but works fine for me. Service is excellent at checkin and rooms are very good. Modern and fresh with all working fascilities, including internet.  Breakfast was very busy, but good. I must admit the top floor restaurant/bar was very very good. Nice food, top service and a fantastic veiw over London. Interior also very appealing to me. Will be back",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
5472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Confortable rooms, nice staff and great value for money","Loved my stay at Hilton Metropole. I liked the new lobby area. I was greeted by a smiley receptionist. I liked the idea they indicate in their tag the language they speak. My room was very comfortable. GREAT bed and linen. This is a plus, especially for somebody like me that travel a lot. It is a pleasure to sleep in a nice bed … I did not want to get out of it in the morning. The room amenities are VERY good too. I am sure I will go back. Great Job",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
5473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good facilities at a reasonable price for London,"This is a large hotel, but manages your experience as well as any small one. Check in and out is extremely smooth.  Breakfast can be very busy and can therefore struggle somewhat, but overall this is a good choice to make.",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5485-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Wonderful location and very convenient for both paddington train station as well the underground stations. Very well appointed and comfortable hotel. Professional and friendly staff. Quiet room with a super comfortable bed.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton Metropole Weekend,"Just returned from a 3 night weekend break at the Hilton London Metropole.  Yes, the hotel is large, but I found everything to my satisfaction. I am  Hilton Hhonors member, and will always bring to the attention of the hotel things which are not to my satisfaction. However, on this occasion I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. My room was in the tower, and whilst not as big as the last room I had (located in the West Wing) this room was perfectly adequate. The beds were comfortable and clean, as was the room, if a little on the small side. The bathroom was modern and clean, with towels and toiletries replaced daily. As others have stated, there was a large queue for breakfast on one morning out of the three, but I did not consider the wait to be long - about 10 minutes. We were seated…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Opulent and busy standard Hilton,"I have stayed at this hotel 3 times during the past 2 years. Booked throuhgh their web site and got a rather competitive rate during low season.  Nothing special about this Hilton. Quite tired and worn but acceptable for a quick stay. The area is packed with arab restaurants and shops so it is a nice interesting option to get to know different parts of multicultural London. 15' walking to Oxford street. The rooms I had were of different sizes and designs. Some were very small with a single bed (not recommended) but other...superior kings were ok. Bathrooms were very basic and common areas with a standard look, a kind of last century style. Tv was the only superior thing in there. The staff were ok, again nothing special. Just ok.  My room rates always included breakfast but I…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
5477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Avoid this hotel and its east wing tower in particular!,"I stayed in the east wing tower, room 1416. The room is old and pretty damaged. The carpet was dirty. The heating didn't work. When I asked for a new room they wanted an extra charge, so I had to ask for the manager. She was then able to help. If you ever book this hotel just ask for the west wing.",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
5478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very poor,"Arrived at this hilton and was sorely disappointed , the room we had for a start was in the tower and i can only say was terrible after complaining to the front desk they said they wee fully booked and could not change us , the room had a great view over London if you could see out of the windows for condensation and filth, went to brush my teeth and the cold water run dry , told front desk did not seem interested went to take a shower and was near scalded when the cold water dried up again very very dangerous if it had been a young kid , we were booked in bed and breakfast when we went for breakfast in the morning they said we had to pay for breakfast argued with them about it then we walked away , bought breakfast outside the hotel, next time at the desk and had our…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5490-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton London,"Too busy. Too noisy. Everything at a price, even wi-fi! We had breakfast pre-booked but the queue was so long to enter the breakfast lounge that we gave up and canceled breakfast. Instead we had a great breakfast across the street at Pret. The evening we dined at the Hilton lounge but the service was a disaster. The waiter kept pushing us to add something else from the menu, just like a cheap salesman.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Rip off in the bar,"The reason for a one mark is the terrible way the bar staff ripped off my wife and her sister last Friday, 8th Nov, evening in the hotel bar. The asked for two vodkas and one bottle of coke. Rather than put it on the room they decided to pay, the bill came to £29.30 yes you read that right. Twenty nine pounds and thirty pence. She refused to pay, the waitress insisting they only serve doubles, even for double this would have been extortionate. They finally agreed to pay £16. In itself daylight robbery. So what's the moral? Keep out of the bar. And just in case anyone wants the evidence I have the bill and waitresses name.",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
5481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nothing impressive ,"I have recently stayed here for a weekend, amazing lobby and bars. Breakfast queue is long and really this is not an acceptable standard! The rooms, even the exec suite are tired and need some revision. They are noisy from the roars. Essentially ok and not impressive.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Utterly underwhelmed.,"Stayed here on Hilton Honour points. Hotel is vast - reception queues were significant!  Staff were very courteous and professional in all roles - real asset to the hotel. The reception and communal areas are vast and fairly opulent and very clean and inviting.  We were room 2219 - floor 22 of the 23 floor tower. We were informed we had been upgraded from our standard kingsize to a delux queen size. The opulence was not evident on the hotel corridor floor.   The room was very small - there was about 18 inches at the bottom of the bed to walk to the window side of the room, there was a TV hung on the wall at the bottom of the bed that bashed me every time I walked to the bathroom!  Room was dated, signs of high use and felt cramped. Bed was comfortable. Linen was ok. Room was…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not my Favorite,"Hotel is mediocre. The money spent on recent Lobby & Bar renovations should have been invested in Room upgrades. Mini Bar Fridge was in op, called for another one, they replaced it with another in op refrigerator . Fruit & cookie amenities left on the desk were exposed and unwrapped!! No CNN channel.......",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5495-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Metropole, London",Large hotel with a lot of guests. Staff friendly and helpful.  Rooms small but very comfortable.  All of the family got a good night's sleep.  Breakfast very good however due to the large number of guests be prepared for a wait if it is a busy weekend (Halloween).  Good location for transport links.  All in all good value for a London hotel of this standard.  Will definitely return.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
5485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Bentley Conference,"Stay at Hilton London Metropole was excellent. Facilities were upto our expectation. Advised for Vegetarian food facility in case of large number of veggies.  Good location, easily accessible from airport.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
5486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoy'some'Frown'some' Hilton unusual,"Located on Edgeware Road - a stone throw from Edgeware street Tube and a furlong away from Paddington, Hilton Metropole is a bit unlikely Hilton class.  Tower wing is more Hilton in terms of Rooms, spaciousness, quality of bed, service and excellent well spread breakfast options. Other wing is a big disappointing on rooms, beds. Too pricey and overcrowded at times that the breakfast place has long queues waiting in the morning. If you are one to catch a quick bite at the restaurant and head to work - be prepared to skip breakfast or wait in the queue. If they can manage the space better in the lobby to avoid crowding and reduce the price - this a killer of hotel in downtown Paddington.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
5487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"you pay for the ""name""","I stayed at this hotel on the 4th. Called up and was given a price for a double room for 165.00. I turned up at the hotel 30 mins later only to be told the room is 189.00. The lobby is amazing but once your in your room its a different story. For the price you expect more, I have never experienced worse customer service. But if you have a Gucci or a LV hand bag around your arm you'll be fine :)",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
5488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"When our usual Holiday Inn wasn't available for a weekend break in London, we booked the Hilton Metropole. I have to agree with other reviewers. There are good points and bad points to this hotel but overall I'm pretty disappointed and will probably stick to Holiday Inn in future.  Good points: proximity to Edgware Road Tube station; bed was very firm and we all slept extremely well; breakfast buffet selection had something for everyone.  Bad points: shower had two temperatures - luke warm and freezing cold; the service.  We were a family of 4 adults staying in a Superior Room with 2 double beds for 2 nights. Even although our booking quite clearly stated 4 adults we discovered there were on only 2 towels in the bathroom at check in. Phone call to Reception brought an additional…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5500-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable third stay,This is the third time I have stayed at this hotel for another enjoyable London weekend break.This time I had a recently refurbished room in the West Wing which was very pleasant apart from the crazy shower which had a mind of its own! and my inability to get the air conditioning/heating working properly.I found the staff to be very pleasant and helpful.Prices at the bar were in my opinion much too high but I wouldn't want to waste my time in London sat in a hotel bar so I went elsewhere.I think parts of the hotel live up to Hilton Hotel expectations but sadly some of the rooms are definitely not up to standard.This hotel is in a  location with good access to transport systems and only 10 minutes walk to Marble Arch and Oxford St.,Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
5490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor customer service,"This Hilton is unlike any other Hilton. What I see during my 10 days of stay, the service was very poor. the staffs will only greet and be nice to you if they see you are rich people.  Depsite the service, the sleep quality is nice because the bed is really comfortable. and the breakfast is good. it has lots of variety. Plus, the location of this hotel is very close to the tube. therefore it is very convenient to travel around. the price is not so expensive, just nice.  But i really hope they can improve in their customer service.",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
5491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,First Stay Super Hotel Super room with stunning views!,"This was my first visit with my disabled son and mother, the room was stunning after switching on book in with no hassle! Dined in the Fiamma Resturant excellent food, great attentive service from our lovely Maria! Breakfast although busy was superb. Location great for us. Overall experience was excellent and will be going again soon!!",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
5492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This is not a Hilton,"Metropole London Hilton is keeping up appearences. Only the facade is Hilton. Lobby looks great, but rooms could be any cheap back-alley European hotel, small room, very old, mouldy bathroom, nothing positive. This at a ripoff rate of more than 200 pound a night. Go elsewhere!",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
5493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Typical Hilton, problems with breakfast","25 minutes wait to get breakfast in this anonymous, enormous Hilton. It was a busy weekend, but still, they should prepare by opening more breakfast space. The rest is typical Hilton. Location is good just in front of Edgware Road train station, although that will always entail a line transfer if you want to go to the West End.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5505-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not worthy of the Hilton name,"Stayed at the Metropole for 3 nights at the end of October with my 18-year old daughter. I chose this hotel for the location and the fact that there is a tube station nearby. We arrived around 10:30 AM and the room wasn't ready which I expected as check-out time is noon and the hotel seemed fully booked (some kind of seminar going on). Had a cup of coffee in the lounge area and was shocked at the prices. This is indeed a very expensive hotel but then again you probably pay for the Hilton-name. However, for those prices you may expect something more than what you're getting at the Metropole. The rooms are indeed worn and very much in need of a refurbishment. We both had back pains from the beds. The bathroom has seen better days and the shower head did need replacing. You'd…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I have never been in a busier hotel....,"I arrived at this hotel after a party at Claridges, at 2.15am, and I was for a few moments convinced that I had somewhere along the line lost some hours. The lobby was like a commuter station outside rush hour. I couldn't believe how many people were milling around. That said service was still given with a smile and was quick enough considering,  the room was functional, the amenities fair, I found the bathroom to be claustrophobic, but clean.  I requested fresh towels, they never came. This hotel,I understand from staff is the largest in Europe, and I can believe that, I prefer much smaller, and wonder if there would be merits in having separate check in areas in the 2 wings. The hotel is well used for conferencing as well, which made the wait for the lift unbearable some…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
5496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,The little things count,Up in London a few weeks back visiting friends and especially with such a large hotel the little things need to work well otherwise it can seem like organised chaos! When in a rush for my coat and belongs I found Giseppina (I think) to be on the ball and efficient and when the clock is ticking that is always appreciated - with a friendly smile too. Keeping it simple works best. Will be back!,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't waste your money. Pleasant hotel very central BUT awful service.,"Very expensive for very poor service.   We have a list as long as your arm....  We arrived an hour or so early so were not able to book Into our queen room.  No problem with that.   We put our luggage in the baggage room, when we arrived back to check in it took 5 hours and 5 calls to reception to get our luggage and we only retrieved it then by going into the luggage room ourselves after all the staff had gone home and rummaging around for our bags.   We had a 4 hour wait to get the extra bed in our room which a had asked for before hand and had reminded reception when we arrived. We called reception 3 regarding this.   Evening came. We waited 40 minutes from ordering cocktails until we received our drinks. We were asked by three members of staff what we just ordered. These…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
5498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really was not happy.,"First, let me say, I prefer a smaller hotel, this one is HUGE. There must of been a convention the day we stayed, because the noise, an number of bodies was unbearable. We stayed on the 9th floor, and our rooms were okay, maybe a bit dated. Beds were comfortable, though. The staff, for the little I saw them, were very courteous. We ordered room service, because we were too tired, to go out, which was a total waste. 118.00 US dollars, (73 pounds) for 3 unappetizing sandwiches', and tiny pieces of dessert. I really don't mind paying, if the food is good. Another person we were traveling with, said her food choice, (the soup) was great. The sandwiches were not good, and VERY overpriced.   Could not get internet in the room, unless I paid. Normally, I am okay with just getting it in…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5510-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good location. Worn out rooms,"I stayed at this Hilton for two nights with my boyfriend. The purpose of our trip was explore London. This Hilton is in a great location. It is minutes walk from two underground stations with main lines. The surrounding area isn't all that great. However there is a Marks & Spencer and a good coffee shop across the road. The hotel itself is well used. It has numerous bars which are always busy with a good buzz. The rooms let the hotel down. They are worn out with paper peeling off the walls, stale smelling and stained carpets. The room was warm/cool enough and quiet enough to get a good nights sleep. We did not eat in the hotel. But a few minutes walk down to Piccadilly you can get a decent meal. I would probably stay here again as it was perfect for what we needed, a bed for the…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,very good,"Very good hotel, but well-used and could use some touching up. Good location to two tube stops, but one closed until late December. Newly done bar area, good for meeting friends. Good variety of food for breakfast.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Too busy,I wasn't impressed. Good points would be the friendliness of the staff and the location. A nice walk down Edgeware Road and you are at Oxford Street. If you don't want to walk then there's a tube station right opposite the front door. The rooms were clean and comfortable.  Now the bad points... The hotel is quite simply too busy for the facilities it has. As a hilton diamond member I get access to the executive lounge but there's really no point if you can't get a seat. We went on the Friday night and stood for an hour. On the Sunday we stood in the queue for breakfast for half an hour and didn't get near the front.... So we went to the lounge and again couldn't sit to eat breakfast.   It's a shame because I do like the Hilton brand but don't see me making a booking at this one…,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Good location, bad and congested rooms, average attention to detail","Location is perfect however the hotel falls down a lot in my opinion on  interior of the rooms . On entering the room, one could see the back side of the tv table that contains all the hanging TV chords. You dont pay £280 per night for that ?! the washroom doors were very old, and i could see marks on them . One could easily tell that doors arent replaced for good few years.  Room service is pathetic. the hotel gets very busy and i suppose it is the staff's frustration on something as serious as being short staff could be seen right on their faces  Reception took ages for check in due to a long que serving only 2 guests in one go.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
5503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Metropole, Edgware Rd, London",A very big hotel.  Nice decor and excellent staff but be prepared to queue for breakfast and eat in a very noisy and crowded environment. Pool was not working and I had booked this hotel because they had a pool!! Disappointing when cost was over £300 a night.,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5515-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"good location, good lobby food and drinks",I was here for business however I would bring the family back here.  Slow on the check-in process however overall satisfied with the experience.  Doorman was handy in offering directions and the lobby is a great location to relax and connect with others.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Scary neighborhood.,"Warm and stuffy room. A/C not working.. Engineer said it was. Sink plugged, called housekeeping twice. Very poor vacuum cleaning.    3:15am party on 19th floor. Very noisy. Glad I was leaving that day. Won't be back.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Really excellent staff,"Very welcoming on arrival and helpful through out stay.  Food: this was not great to be honest- the lunch was very odd. Breakfast was nice!  Drinks: they have a broad selection and were always able to find what i wanted.  Staff: Really excellent staff from check-in to cloakroom, from Bar to concierge! I came back very late last thursday to retrieve my coat from the cloakroom and it wasnt there- the concierge took 15 minutes but he fiund it! David the doorman/concierge was lovely with guests and staff alike- you need to use him in customer facing roles- an absolute delight!  Will stay again when i return to London!",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location and Superb Stay,I'm an honours club member and decided to take advantage of some spare points and stayed in September at this excellent hotel. I stayed in an executive room and enjoyed great views over london.  Only a short hop to the tube and very close to oxford street (15 minute walk).   We dined at the Minako and this was also excellent.   All in all if your travelling to london and want a good hotel in an excellent location then this is a very good choice.,Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
5508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just about okay,"The check-in was smooth, but there was some confusion with other guests when we actually reached the room. We were greeted by the luggage of strangers in our doom, when an attendant scurried in to remove them. This continued till next morning when said strangers knocked on our door unintentionally giving us a wake up call!  Although the corridors smelt musty, the room itself was alright. It was tiny, as was the bathroom; but clean at least. The view from the room was fairly good. No complimentary wifi in the rooms.  The business center staff was fairly helpful to us when we needed urgent print-outs and copies.  The redeeming factor though was its location, a mere 2-3 min walk from the tube station. All in all, a good deal if you find a coupon for it (doesn't include breakfast),…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5520-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great view but poor room,"The Hotel looks great from inside and that is it!  Reception was poor, lots of training staff, regular staff just left to have a chat together from behind.  I got a deluxe room which is a good size but the whole room was old fashioned, tv was fuzzy, bathroom all old, wardrobes very damaged and needed paint. The bed was so noisy even when trying to turn while sleeping (this is a king deluxe room!)  and the walls were thin which we heard our lovely neighbors getting busy together at 2am!  The good things: location and view of London.  Very let down by a Hilton, even as a Diamond member.  I shall not be staying here in the future.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,moderate,"Didn't expect anything better than premier inn or travelodge so wasn't disappointed. Picked hotel on strength of pool, but wasn't allowed to use it as heating not working. Was kindly given a free meal for two to compensate, but i did want pool use over the three days i was there. I just wondered why someone couldn't repair it, i work in the service  industry and have to cover 365 days/year so surely the Hilton group should have similar maintenance cover. Reception area has obviously;y been given a refurb and is very new/clean looking. Frankly i would have used the money to extend the dining room, as queuing in the corridor for twenty minutes is maybe acceptable at a holiday camp, but one would expect better at a Hilton branded hotel. Good location for access but please note that…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Paid for early check in - but had to wait hours,"On the way back from a business trip I needed to get some sleep, go to a family event and then get a proper nights sleep. This Hilton is unlike any other Hilton I know. Such strange rooms. Anyway, they kept me sitting in the executive lounge while they prepared my early check in room. I was in the executive lounge for so long, they served both breakfast and lunchtime snacks.  On the plus side, the bed was very comfortable and the room was quiet and I slept well when I eventually got there.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
5512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing...,"1 stayed at the hotel for three nights as I was attending a conference. My accommodation had been paid a month earlier but this had not been updated on my reservation so I was told that I would not be allowed in unless they swiped and authorized my credit card. This was 9.00 on a Sunday night, and I asked whether they could allow me to stay until the morning when my office would clear things up but the answer was no. Thankfully it was sorted out the next day and my card refunded. Some parts of the hotel are excellent, the breakfasts are good but the rooms in the Tower are in the most dilapidated state ever. Definitely not what I had in mind for a Hilton Hotel. Very disappointed.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't Stay there,"I had a terrible experience. Too expensive and not very nice hotel. I booked an executive room, but there was nothing executive about it. It was a regular room, which they have labelled as an executive room. The lounge is terrible and they don't give anything for free, not even a bottle of water. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
5514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5525-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,valur/ return,I would recommend this hotel to my friend because it is very convenient to move around London and very clean. but would not recommend to the family of four since the valued I paid allocated room no. 790 was not worth.,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,disappointing,not what I expected when booking the Hilton. rooms were small and dated and need updating. breakfast makes you feel like sheep being pushed through as fast as possible. The only good thing about our experience was the staff. Everyone was very friendly and helpful,Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"The hotel is very well located. It is a short walking distance (about 5 minutes) to Paddington and Hyde Park speakers' corner. Edgeware stations is just across the Edgeware road. The hotel is comfortable, large room and includes all amenities. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Just about okay,"The check-in was smooth, but there was some confusion with other guests when we actually reached the room. We were greeted by the luggage of strangers in our doom, when an attendant scurried in to remove them. This continued till next morning when said strangers knocked on our door unintentionally giving us a wake up call!  Although the corridors smelt musty, the room itself was alright. It was tiny, as was the bathroom; but clean at least. The view from the room was fairly good. No complimentary wifi in the rooms.  The business center staff was fairly helpful to us when we needed urgent print-outs and copies.  The redeeming factor though was its location, a mere 2-3 min walk from the tube station. All in all, a good deal if you find a coupon for it (doesn't include breakfast),…",None,3.0
5518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor,"Two things London hotels generally don't do well: value and service. This hotel was no exception. Problems included: a long wait for check-in (with a six month old baby); heating in the room didn't work (fixed next day); lack of hot water on first morning (engineer said throughout the hotel); called down for a bellboy and luggage trolley (in the evening, not at busy check-out time) - after half an hour I went to get one myself; a long queue for breakfast. This is a huge conference hotel, seemingly with more security staff than staff who can actually help you. If you do stay here and you bring a car, don't pay the expensive overnight parking fees (£29 at time of writing). Instead, drive north up the Edgware Road and turn left onto Church Street. You can park at Paddington Green…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5530-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Average Hotel, Reasonable Price, No free WIFI","I stayed at the Hilton London Metropole one night between connections returning home. The hotel is well located close to London's Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express, so suited my needs. The staff were very professional and the rooms clean.   I would note that I chose the hotel on price, which at $245 CAD seemed reasonable by London standards.  My disappointment was that there is no free, in-room WIFI unless you pay 40 GBP!! To access free WIFI one must sit in the lobby and ask staff for a code. This seems pretty cheezie by todays standards.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good choise for a big business meeting,"The hotel has sutable service to conduct big business meeting. MAny different conference rooms availible. Good support during meeting (coffee brakes, lunches, devices needed and TV translation if nesessary). All staff doing their best to satisfy customer. A big dinner was organized like sitting in the garden with BBQ and different meals availible. The hotel is only 5-7 min walk distance from the train station.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
5521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Edwards coaches theatre trip,Came with a group on a theatre break this was our second visit and both times have been more than satisfactory.rooms are a bit small but comfortable and clean.Staff all very pleasant and helpful.breakfast was very good.,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel Ever,"Stayed there for 10 days & it was worth every penny..Its location is excellent,just 100 metres from the underground & just opposite to the bus station..It's on Edgware Road,so close to lots of restaurants such as McDonald's..less than 5 minutes by buss 7 you'll find yourself on Oxford st.   The concierge was super helpful & the staff was friendly..Room was clean..Breakfast buffet had lots of varieties..Thus,highly recommended for its cleanliness,location & service",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
5523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't be worried!,"We booked a last minute secret hotel deal, it was cheap for 4* London, £100 including breakfast. When they gave me the name, I checked the reviews on here and nearly decided to sacrifice my money as it sounded so bad!! But we went and I will be totally honest in my assessment, having expected the worst and not knowing wether or not the place has deteriorated or how much to expect from Hilton. The location is good, walkable to Marble arch. The immediate surrounding area was not our taste for looking for food, mainly continental restaurants, bars. The reception was terribly slow to check in and other queries. very understaffed but pleasant when you finally got to them. The hotel public areas are more like a busy airport terminal. I guess because of the deal we booked on, we got…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5535-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Going downhill,"The Metropole has just finished a long renovation.  Sadly, it seems to have made things worse.     I stay here often so I know that it's nothing special. It is a gigantic conference hotel that does nothing brilliantly but  is usually reliable. This time when I checked in, it took over twenty minutes. There is no longer a diamond/gold area - just a forlorn, chipped sign on an empty desk saying, ""hhonors"". Three receptionists were trying to check in a long queue. There was no system for managing complex issues. The only time the (very charming) manager appeared, she diverted one of the receptionists to help her sort out a problem. I would have thought that keeping Diamond customers waiting for this long was the kind of calamity that should bring out all available help.     When I…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,great hotel,although a little on the pricey side this is a great hotel with an excellent location and easy walking distance to the city centre for things like shopping or The Cavern. What really makes it good are the genuinely friendly and helpful staff.. fist class and hats off to them all!,Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
5526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended hotel.,"Stayed in London for the night with my wife and 13 month old, stayed at this hotel a few times, walking in ur greeted with a fabulous new looking lobby and bar area, so much nicer. Front desk staff were so friendly and being a Hilton Honours member I didn't have to wait at check in, had a Suite for the night and was fantastic, we asked for a travel cot and within 5 mins it was in our room.  The Suite was lovely and big, nice sitting area with table and chairs a nice big couch and an over sided chair and foot rest, big tv was good for keeping the baby happy. The bedroom was very large to, nice big bed although was very noisy, having the baby in the room we were scared of rolling over in sleep or even to get up for toilet in case he woke.  The doorman was very helpful in getting…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
5527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,EXCELLENT,"We have just returned from a short stay at the Hilton Metropole and as I read the reviews the night before be travelled I was really worried by the negative comments.  I can only say that our experience was just the opposite to many of the reviewers.  Our room was excellent, it was very clean, no nasty smells, no mold, no smell of urine or smoke, nothing was chipped, broken or old and our check in took minutes.   It was more than we expected, lovely big beds with crisp, white bedding, large room with a big picture window, in fact I could not fault it at all and will definitely stay there again on our next visit to London.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
5528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,I use this as a base for business meetings and find it useful,Rooms are fine for london hotels. Location is a little north for most of my needs so if you prefer to be in the west end this maybe not the best property. Very busy most of the time and therefore checking can be very difficult (us the express checkout its worth it). Breakfast always busy but quality is ok for the price. I often meet people in the hotel but the lobby area can be very busy and hard to find a seat. I have used it many time so must be good !,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
5529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5540-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Don't be fooled by the 'recent refurbishment',"Booking a standard room? Don't be fooled by being offered an upgrade as these rooms are small, pokey and look like something out of the 1980's. The non smoking rooms also smell like a combination of an ashtray and a Febreze bottle. Customer service is adequate, location is good and I eventually was given a room that didn't mimik a battered Travelodge.  If you have seen details on lastminute.com about a recent refurbishment this was probably spent on the hotel lobby and bar area.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dissatisfied Hilton Fan,"Having stayed at many Hilton properties over the past years (Diamond Hhonours member) and have come to expected a certain level of quality and service; this Hilton is to be avoided. Far to busy, staff run off their feet and I noted that to many members the guests were an annoyance. Having to line up for breakfast for over twenty minutes is not on, luckily had access to the executive lounge. Sorry but shall choose another Hilton when next in London.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Nice Hotel, Five Minutes from Paddington Station","Big hotel, was there for a conference. Rooms are very good sized, beds comfortable, plenty of pillows. Very clean. Just finishing up a renovation. Helpful staff. A little disappointed with the Whisky Bar. A very good selection, but the presentation was not as good as would be expected for a place that specializes in Whisky. The food at the conference was quite good, but didn't get to  try the breakfast. I prefer smaller establishments or B&B's but this was OK.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton quality,"We recently stayed with in a family room as it is one of the few London hotels that we could find that provides a family room big enough for 5. This was our second visit to the hotel and we were disappointed overall. We experienced a poor service overall, room not available at check in time of 3pm, electrical sockets in the room not working. Hilton did provide us with a free breakfast and made a slight discount to our bill. Overall having stayed at various other Hilton hotels in London and elsewhere this hotel is not Hilton quality. We will probably look for alternative accommodation for our next trip.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
5533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poor hotel,"Hi, I have the misfortune of staying at this hotel on a regular basis due to the firm that I work for.    Fundamentally, the hotel's key issue is that its staff do not take responsibility for customer service and this regularly means that: 1) You are passed from person to person to person when you have an issue that you need help with, this wasted a lot of time. 2) When you do get to speak to the right time, frequently they do not deliver on what was agreed.  Three examples, all from this month: 1)  For one stay, I was given a room with a window that did not close properly and so could hear outside noise (more so than normal) and the room was cold.  It should have taken ten minutes to move room but instead this process took three hours.  During this time I got to speak to six…",None,2.0
5534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5545-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Never again!,We booked a family room for a weekend in London. As we were trying to get to sleep all we could hear was the bass from a wedding party in the hotel. We were offered a room move but as we had small children and had been told the noise would only go on for another half an hour we stayed on our room. Two hours later the noise was still going on!!!   When we complained the next morning we were told that no one had told us that in would only go on for an other half an hour and it was our fault for not accepting the move!!!  We were offered a 25% refund but I feel this was unacceptable for a room we struggled to sleep in.   On a positive side the breakfast was nice.   Bottom line is; I will never stay in a Hilton Hotel again. ,Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Great Experience,"Stayed for 5 nights at the end of September.  Had an Executive Suite that included breakfast & access to the Executive Lounge. Came back to our room every night to find a complimentary surprise from the chef & chocolates by our pillows. Housekeeping wasn't exceptional, but all of the other amenities certainly were. Location was excellent for touring the city for the first time. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
5536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing,"I called the hotel and also sent an e-mail prior to our arrival requesting a room in the newly refurbished wing, however when we arrived at reception, we were told there was none available.  We arrived in our pretty small room and to our horror found a used shampoo bottle as part of our bathroom amenities. We rang reception to inform them, left the room for something to eat, came back and found a whole see through bin liner of amenities thrown on the shelve.  From this point on we had very little expectation.  This hotel is definitely in need of refurbishment, we also noticed that our bedroom window would not shut properly, therefore allowing noise from outside, we mentioned it to reception and throughout our stay nothing changed  The only thing we enjoyed was the lounge access,…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
5537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Two Stays, One Trip","Me and a friend stayed at the Metropole for five nights, checked out for three nights (went to Paris), then checked back in for four nights.   Overall we enjoyed this hotel...we could look past the construction and see that eventually the lobby will be finished and very nice.   For the first reservation, I had requested early check-in and I'm glad I did.  I arrived at the hotel at 7:30 in the morning...and got a room!  I had reserved the 'family' room with two queen beds and the sitting area.  The room was large and comfy and the bathroom was the perfect size for two females and all of our stuff!  I was glad to see two complete sets of shampoo/conditioner/lotion so we didn't have to request more.  The room was quiet although we could hear the sirens on the street below.  The…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
5538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel but not a Best Stay,The hotel lobby was beautiful with ambience and interesting lights though sea urchins or pumpkin lantern would be better.  The hotel was a beehive of activity and wouldn't recommend it for a posh break or a get away.  For a West End show and a ethnic character for the area it is great and not far from Oxford Street if you want to do shopping.  The rooms could be better and the staff whom I found nosy and very little entertainment in the bar. It is a bit expensive for the standard I got in both the service and luxury of the hotel.,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5550-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not Hilton standard,"I was at the Metropol for a business event. There were 16 of us, and 5 had problems with their rooms. Shower not working, TV not working, noise from nearby machine (maybe the lifts), etc. Not what you expect for this price. The Hilton Paddington is a lot better and not far away.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Another disappointing stay at the Metropole..!!,"Nothing ever changes at the Metropole..  Unclean smelly rooms, poorly working facilities and a price tag that says it all.  When are the poeple at Hilton going to realise that customers do not want to sleep in urine smelling rooms with paint pealing of the walls, with taps that only offer hot water whilst paying over the odds..  Just spent 2 days at the metropole and after hoping things had changed, I will NEVER EVER stay stay at this hotel again.  EVER!!!.",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
5541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Not the Hilton gold standard,The rooms were OK. The pool was surprisingly small. The bar was overly expensive. Conveniently placed near Edgeware Road Tube station. I was disappointed with the service as the concierge was quite rude and impatient. I wouldn't recommend it as the best place to stay in London but it isn't the worst.,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
5542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Overpriced & poor facilities,"Pool was being used by children on swimming lessons, with parents sat at poolside watching, Steam room was 'out of order. Twin beds in 1x room was ridiculously small - bathroom very small & in need of a re-furb ! Could have got better value for money elsewhere (£179 per night for 2x people sharing.)",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"I have finally decided not to stay at the London Hilton Metropole ever again. I have been staying there for many years now because of its central location - walking distance to Oxford, Regent Streets. However over the past year the check-in service has become surprisingly bizarre. I don't think this has anything to do with the on-going renovations. I am an HiltonHonors card holder - GOLD who consistently books a KING deluxe or executive room. On THREE occasions, upon check-in, I was told ""We are completely booked but we are pleased to upgrade you to a much better room"" only to open the door and walk into a box with 2 SINGLE beds. Once is an error but THREE times appears to be a strategy. How does a King upgrade to a single bed!!!! On each occasion, after complaining I was moved…",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5555-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Very Poor Quality for the Price and Hilton Brand,"We were shocked at the size and condition of the room we were given.  The room was small, had a leaky ceiling (water leaked on to my travel mate's luggage), a non-working remote and a crumpled lampshade.  When we complained, we were initially told there were no other available non-smoking rooms and that we could allow the maintenance man to come up and take a look at all of the issues with the room (it was also 1am and we were exhausted).    When the maintenance person was unable to address any of the issues, magically, the front desk found us another non-smoking room.  This hotel is not consistent with the Hilton brand or level of quality one might expect from a Hilton and it is definitely NOT a 4-Star Hotel!",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Poorly managed / Poorly serviced / Poorly maintained,This hotel is making efforts to improve but the effort might be too little too late.  Definitely look elsewhere and book here only if nothing else in the area is available and you need to book in this area of London.,Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Ok, but not great","Our room was decent-sized, the service at breakfast was great, and the location is great. Other than that, meh. Check-in took far longer than it needed to, the beds were pretty hard, and we were charged for items from the mini-bar that we never used (didn't even open the fridge!). If we return to London, we'll probably look elsewhere for a place to stay.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
5547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,3.5 rather than 3,"I stayed here for one night with a seven year old and had to queue for quite a while before we could check in with no apology for the wait. Our room was a twin room, in need of a touch of paint and on the small side so we had to squeeze past the cupboard and the second bed. However, we didn't spend that long in the room apart from sleeping and didn't need a huge amount of space and the beds were comfortable, so this wouldn't put me off staying again. The water in the morning for the shower was only just warm and reception didn't seem that bothered when I mentioned it whilst checking out. What was a real positive for me was that I didn't have to pay for the child's food or drink either at dinner or breakfast and all the staff made a real fuss of him which made his day. The…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton I have ever visited!,"Let me say I am a Hilton fan. Top ranked on their loyalty programme and clocking up 50 nights in them across the world. However, this hotel has changed that. The initial room I was allocated stank of mould, was tiny and extremely tired. All furniture was badly worn. I had to take a call in the room and whilst doing so unearthed dust on just about every surface! I called down and was asked to come down to be allocated another room. This was a hopeless process as they tried to pass me off a twin room. The room I was allocated was in equal poor repair but at least did not smell, but as the wallpaper was coming off the wall I did call down to speak to the manager. This took 15 minutes to get to speak to the right person. They explained that rooms smelled as they could not open the…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
5549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5560-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Awful!,Stayed for 2 nights with my mum and daughters in a family room. Room was ok but not as advertised as no sofa bed. Arrived 8 ish on fri nite - had to wait half hour for someone to sort tv out. Breakfast on sat morning was absol awful - plenty of fruit mind but hot brekkie was clap cold! We were taken to a conference room in basement as the restaurant was busy. We left to go shopping and on return the room had not been cleaned or beds made. We ordered room service as we wanted to eat and relax before seeing the show we had booked. Again - awful - 58 quid for 4 sandwiches --- i wouldn't have given the bacon in my daughters BLT to a dog! .... My other daughter asked for vinegar and it arrived 30 mins later. We were also asked to pay cash?? ....wud not recommend and will never stay…,Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
5550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but busy,As always the Hilton strives to provide a great place to sleep. But it is a very very busy place. Not for the relaxing solitude type get away. The hotel however is great in spite of the bustle. It is 3 blocks from Paddington station which is the direct train to Heathrow airport. The hotel is across the street from the Tube so it provides easy access to other locations in town. Breakfast is English and is good but it can get busy at peak times and a line forms for the buffet.  Ask when you check in to find out the best times for breakfast. ,Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Sprawling hotel mid upgrade, quiet rooms for business",Stayed one night as part of a conference and room was very good - quiet with all the amenities you need for business. Yes no particular soul but this is a huge hotel in London close to Edgeware Road tube station. Two queen beds and a large bathroom with nice toiletries and easy to get the room to the right temperature. Breakfast buffet was a good range of food and better than most.  My only gripe with the conference facilities was their 3 levels below ground and slight smell of damp and sewerage needing to be constantly masked by air freshener for 2 days that's ok but anything longer you need fresh air and daylight.,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
5552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Disappointing,"We have chosen to stay at Hilton in London as we have had good experiences in other Hilton hotels chain but the poor and no customer oriented staff, at both reception and at concierge, has disappointed us in this particular location. Although our room was clean and spacious our bathroom tub had a clogged drain which was quite disgusting and on our floor there were few trays with leftovers left outside the rooms sitting there for a whole day. We paid about 15 pounds to have wifi connection in our room and the conection was really poor, a waste of money.   The positive aspect is the good location however I would not stay at this hotel again nor recommend it to my friends.",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"Very good. Great loaction, the room clean and well set up (although the bed bit creaky everytime we moved) staff well trained overall very HAPPY will stay again. At first we werent in the hotel's system even tho i had the paperwork that proved i had paid for the room the young man at reception sortd it out for us, blame to 'lastminute.com' in my eyes for not notifing the hotel he then got us on our way.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
5554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5565-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Lovely Room and Restaurant and Convenient Location,Stayed here for a getaway with my partner and thoroughly enjoyed it. Had dinner and breakfast in the restaurant and the service was always impeccable. In the evening the card machine was not working so they had to use a manual card machine which has actually made my partners card stop working from scraping over the chip. Room was spacious and bed was very comfy. We stayed in the king superior room with a beautiful view. We stayed in the west wing on the 6th floor. Minibar was a nice touch.,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
5555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Does the job,"Stayed with a group on a theatre break. Very busy, large modern hotel. Easy for Edgware tube on the Circle line. One stop from paddington.  Staff busy but generally friendly and helpful. Room adequate - clean with standard equipment, and all you need for a short stopover. Breakfast ok. Lots of choice, reasonable quality. London prices in the bar but not excessive. Recommended - if you can get a good rate.  ",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
5556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Six star pricing for two star quality,We chose to stay at the Hilton Metropole based on positive experiences of staying at the Hilton hotels in Melbourne and Sydney and the fact it was listed as four star and we had just had a fantastic four star hotel experience at another hotel in Paris at two thirds of the cost of the Hilton Metropole.  Upon arrival the reception desk was understaffed and after queuing for some time we were asked to go to the back of another queue and the staff member dealt with the guests like they were in a supermarket queue. We ended up walking out and coming back later  to the ambivalence of the door staff.  After checking in and entering our room we were confronted with a horrible odour which seemed to come from the air conditioning system and the odour  did not dissipate during the 3 days…,Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
5557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,This is a Hilton?,"Besides being in an armpit of a neighborhood this hotel lacks everything. No décor, no experienced staff, no entry. The architect must have been on drugs to have made the entry what it is. In 3 days I met 2 of 20 staff that had a clue what customer service was. The Bell Captain and the Room Service guy had it together. otherwise this is a B squad hotel and should be avoided by anyone who cares.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
5558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,first room horrible,"our first room in the tower was dreadful with mold,2nd room in the east wing was better but no view.  I took photos of the mold and went back down to reception where they changed our room to the est wing on the 3rd floor,no mold thank goodness.  our to go breakfast early on the day of check out was not very good.  concierge service was average at best",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
5559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5570-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Little value for money!!!,"I have tried this hotel several times. Each time I ask myself why did I book here? Location is it's only strong point. Otherwise the rooms remain pathetic for the price you pay in terms of in room facilities and size. A business companion complained that he is sure bed bugs bit him!! Unlike the general trend of free wifi they still want to fleece guests. I requested a king room but was given a room with 2 singles. Nearly fell off the bed a few times. Not a single night of good sleep. The service was polite at best. It seems everyone is working for their own pockets- tipping seems the only way u get more than a smile. At above £200 per night this is a massive rip off for the quality of room and service, at this price bracket they are better alternatives. ",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
5560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mayhem & the Metropole,"This location although geographically advantageous was not the best experience. The surrounding neighborhood did not feel safe at night, so subsequently we didn't walk anywhere. It is close to the tube station. The front entry to this hotel was designed by an idiot. Tour buses taxi's and pedestrians all coming through one door. The architect must have been on acid or something.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
5561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"I booked this hotel through the secret hotels on the Lastminute website. It is well situated, very clean & the staf were friendly. We had a great nights sleep. The price we paid was half the standard price.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
5562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Too big, too busy, too impersonal......","Stayed here 22nd September with my better half prior to an interview. The hotel seemed huge, very busy and akin to an airport terminal, our room was tired and whatever capital investment there had been in the past had well and truly been depreciated to zero a long time ago.....we had booked this through a secret hotel deal so could not complain, but I was disappointed and that was enough. The Green Man Pub across the road though was enough to lift the mood. On checkout the young man (Carl I think) enquired on our quality of stay with my reply being ""OK""...""the shower head leaked sufficiently from enough places other than the head to force me to strip the thing down to investigate and in the end give up and have a bath""...he was genuinely concerned and gave us the soft drinks we…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
5563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Mixed Feelings,"My mother and I stayed here while in London for the week on a monograms tour. When we arrived we were exhausted from the long flight and wanted nothing more than to go up to our room and sleep it off. However, when we finally did get up to our room there was a strange odor that was unpleasant. Housekeeping was nice enough to spray it down with air freshener, which helped. The rooms are very tiny, and if you're staying with more than one person you'll find yourselves dancing around each other to do anything. However, once we were settled, it was comfortable enough.   Later, we asked about connecting to the wifi because our devices didn't do so automatically as in many other locations around town. The associate at the desk told us it would cost upwards of £300 to have wifi…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
5564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5575-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,"Not cared for customer, no value for money","Romms are very small, TV was not working initialy, then bath room light was not working. Initial blocking of money was done with additional 50 pound without informing customer, which created confusion later.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
5565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,FANTASTIC SUITE,"The staff at this hotel were amazing, very polite and courteous, nothing was too much trouble. The Hampton Suite is outstanding in terms of space, comfort and luxury - I would recommend to anyone. Location of the hotel was brilliant, just meters away from the tube station. The room was exceptionally quiet despite the busy location and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was huge, the lounge was was spacious yet cosy. Brilliant night in town.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
5566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193089-Reviews-or5580-Hilton_London_Metropole-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Metropole Hotel Reviews,Hilton fails again to inspire me,My previous last few stays were disappointing with other Hilton hotels [my expectations are higher for this brand name] and I was not disappointed. True - undergoing refurbishment so the back entrance was not the best entry and chaos in the lobby. Check in took some time but was handled very well by the young male receptionist when he had finished conversing with other clients. Room again grubby - worn carpet - old decoration - Hilton needs to spend some money on refurbishments. Dinner was fine and lonely - only two others in the restaurant - probably due to the prices being on the high side. Breakfast was horrendous - not trying to be racist but most of the middle east was represented - and we know how they like to queue so it was a nightmare getting in - security guard on the…,Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
