,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or0-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Bitterly disappointed for this return visit,"We stayed two nights here this weekend. Had been before several times a few years ago and loved it. This felt like a different hotel. I can only echo the sentiments of the poor reviews already submitted. Surly, disorganised staff, tired rooms; pool, spa and restaurant closed. No bath robes, no shampoo/conditioner, no air con etc etc. Over the two night stay our room was never cleaned - despite requesting several times. We asked to speak to the manager to complain but were told 'the manager doesn't work weekends'. It's almost laughable. The whole place was functioning on a skeleton staff. We asked to have an aperitif up on the roof terrace but were told there was a minimum charge of £50 per head to use the terrace, despite us being guests and despite the terrace being empty at that time. I'm still awaiting the response of the management. Just bitterly disappointed. A once-charming five star venue has been ruined. Very sad.…",Date of stay: June 2021,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or0-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",What kind of hotel is this?,"This hotel is a joke. Using a Virgin voucher, I booked The Silk restaurant several days in advance for a three course meal and champagne. Only upon my arrival last night was I told the restaurant was closed. The man who took my booking was clearly incompetent and the hotel had no excuse other than they had “tried” leaving me a voicemail (only 1 hour before my arrival). They had no intentions to make it up to us otherwise until we insisted they seat us in their Indian restaurant, where we had an entirely different experience than promised. Poor effort and little care or apology for customers.",Date of stay: October 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or0-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Shambles,"No record of our booking on arrival, so delay in checking in. Only after checking in we were told there was a problem with the aircon, but it was 'being sorted'.  On the hottest day of the year the room was unbearable. Went to reception to get an assurance re the aircon as the night was unbearable. Stood behind another group who were also complaining about this and other issues.  The receptionist assured me the manager would speak to me. I Waited 30 minutes in the lobby, to be finally told that unfortunately the Aircon would not be working. Offered a fan...  Unacceptable and not fit for purpose. Checked in to another hotel nearby. Far superior.   Still awaiting my refund.",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or0-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel in London,"Very late review, however wanted to warn travellers about this place. I’m not going to explain, just look at the photos. Avoid at all costs. I felt bad for the staff as they clearly knew the place was a dive.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or0-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Don’t stay here, it is a disgra","This is 100% not a five star hotel, the paint on the windows and the paper on the wall were coming off, electric cables rub]n under threadbare carpet then taped up the side of a fire place, the room felt dirty top to bottom, The furniture second hand, the shower was totally clogged up, air con did not work, staff the unhappiest I have ever encountered (only 2 on duty in the whole hotel)  asked to speak with management, there were none, some guy in jeans and a security jumper turned up but was not authorised to refund. We were told “the manager” would meet us at checkout, he of course was not there. I am not kidding £330 for a room, in a “a five” hotel, I was robbed, never make the.mistake of staying here.",Date of stay: July 2020,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or5-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",amazing place,"had the pleasure to stay there in March 2018  amazing place with an amazing location, close to many attraction areas and metro station,  just 5 minuts walking distance from Piccadilly circus and 5 mins more to reach Buckingham Palace",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or5-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",An incredibly lovely stay,"This is a very late review!  (That's the joy of having a child)  My husband and I stayed here in June to celebrate our first night off without our child. Knowing we needed to stay nearby, we chose The Courthouse in case we needed to rush back and how lucky we were!   Upon calling to book, I spoke to one of the managers who was so touched about hearing why we were booking the ""Romance Package"" (it was a night away so I had asked to have a whiskey bought and ready in the room for my husband as a surprise!) he upgraded us by total surprise when we came the next day to check in. That little touch was so thoughtful. He knew it was a big night away from us and made sure to go the extra mile with his staff and it still, nearly a year later, has lingered as a kindness we remember.  …",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or5-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing venue and great food,"A great value for money deal with Groupon, allowing us a great night in a fantastic venue - originally court 1, which saw many celebrities attending the venue when it was a court. The restaurant still boasts the original court set up. The food and service was also really good.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or5-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",5 Star?  Doesn’t come close!,"Avoid the Courthouse Hotel and your stay in London will certainly be enhanced.  Enter from the street onto a dirty mat in a bleak corridor, turn right to be greeted by unsmiling and uninterested reception staff.  Check in but expect interruption whilst the receptionist takes phone calls.  Head for your room, leaving the lift into corridors with filthy carpets.  Enter your smelly room to experience torn, dirty carpets, a sofa with stains (don’t ask) and a cramped route to the bathroom.  Step over the stains on the dirty bathroom floor (dread to think) to the loo.  Call reception to request that the blocked loo (clearly contributing to the smell) is unblocked.  Open the windows to air the room, whilst taking in the most depressing of views.  Go out, go back, sleep.  Wake up to…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or5-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for a valentine's break.,"Stayed here for a couple of days as part of a Valentine treat for my wife. We had tickets for Phantom of the Opera and a Lunch Thames Cruise so picked this hotel due to its location. Booked a king room with a bath which was a great choice. The staff, especially the concierge was incredibly helpful, pushing me in my wheelchair to the disabled exit and back, arranging taxis etc. He has helped make this weekend a very special occasion. The room was very large and includes the biggest king size bed I have ever seen. We both had a great nights sleep. The TV was big too and had Sky Sports and Movies.Plenty of hot water for the bath and plenty of towels. A well stocked minibar. If I come back to stay near Theatreland in future, I would not hesitate to book this hotel again. Easily 5…",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or10-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"This is probably our fourth or fifth visit and each time we have been competely satisfied with the hotel and its rooms, staff and amenities. Every time we visit London and we look for somewhere to stay, this place comes to mind because of its outstanding location. We always ignore the many, many negative reviews as we have never had anything but good things to say.  Until this time.  Oh dear.  We had room 602 and immediately after stepping out of the lift the first thing you notice is the very grubby looking carpet in the hallways.  Inside the room, there were numerous causes for concern and complaint. The bulb in the light over the full length mirror just inside the room door was missing; the shaving mirror in the bathroom was broken and the mirror actually missing; the bedside…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or10-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Visited the bar and cinema,"We went to the Courthouse for a cinema evening. We saw a really good film - but the experience was let down a bit by the fact that the cinema screen is not tall enough to see the complete picture. Several scenes in the movie were in another language and the subtitles didn’t fit on the screen, oops! The bar area is pretty special with some old jail cells converted into booths. Watch out at the bar though - service charges for drinks bought at the bar were being added to people’s bills without us being told. I don’t know if it was a scam but it didn’t feel right. ",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or10-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful afternoon,Had a wonderful afternoon here staff very knowledgable nice atmosphere. Film was great seats very comfortable.. Would recommend to everyone. Very central family friendly . We are looking forward to going back in May.,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or10-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Unique Hotel in West End.,This hotel has a great location if you are interested in seeing any theatre. You will be smack in the middle of everything. It is a boutique hotel with a wide assortment of rooms each is a little different from the next. This can be great if you get a large room with a mini bar. Or you could end up with a single bed in the attic. I was with a group of 5 other people in London on business and some of us had mini bars with refrigerators some of us did not. Some of us had great beds some of us did not. Some of us had clean bathrooms some of us did not. I really enjoyed my room although there was no mini bar.  The hotel has no restaurant but the breakfast was a good way to start your day. The bar is small but quite unique with jail cells from the old courthouse.   The price is…,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or10-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",january visit,Arrived about 2pm and although I was aware check-in not till 3pm receptionist just told me to come back after 3pm.I find it hard to believe that there was no room available Saturday morning breakfast left a lot to be desired.Stale bread rolls and disgusting scrambled egg I suspect powdered egg On Saturday morning realised that our bedroom door did not lock automatically on closing Went down to reception to report it.No apology but told maintenance man would be sent.He arrived in about 20minutes and was charming and helpful but could not repair the door He contacted reception by phone to get us another room Reception told my wife to pack up and bring our cases to reception and another room would be available at 2pm.We said we wanted another room immediately so told keys would be…,Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or15-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel bed EVER!,Could feel every spring in the bed. Room smelt of mould and damp. Dirty room. Could hear music and noise of the rooftop bar in our room. Unwelcoming and uninterested staff. Definitely AVOID at all measures!,Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or15-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Manage your expectations,"This hotel is listed on booking.com as a 5 star hotel, this could not be farther from the truth. It barely rates as 3 star accommodation. The carpets and furniture are dirty and stained, beds were dirty with loads of human hair and blood spots, actual clots not stains. The shower plumbing was also broken.   While the location is deep in the guts of shopping, that is about the only positive aspect. The words FAKE FANCY are probably the best way to describe this place, from the worn out furniture to the fake Asian antiques to the abominable training of the staff. I've literally stayed at roadside motels that were better maintained and managed. The abrasive attitude of the manager belies the top down decay of this tourist trap. Do yourself a favor and skip this place, London has so…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or15-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great staff and nice hotel.,"Visited for second time. Our first time in the hotel was nothing special,but the second one made us to book the hotel again for our next visit in April.  We have been welcomed by a smiley and friendly staff at the concierge and reception. They have recognised us as returning guests and given us an upgrade to a larger bedroom. The hotel was very nice decorated and had a large sparkling and beautiful Christmas tree. Thank you very much and we will again see you soon in March.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or15-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",:),"A very beautiful hotel! It was our first time to London and we choose a hotel in the central close to shops and easy access to all beautiful and historical places in the city. The location of the hotel is amazing. We had a very nice Superior room on the 5th floor of the building. The receptionist ( I believe her name was Olivia,sorry if I got it wrong !) was very friendly and helpful giving us directions to Buckingham palace. Breakfast was very yummy and the staff there were lovely. Hotel was definitely worth price. We will be back!",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or15-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",This is not 5 Star hotel/bad service/highly unmotivated team,"Never saw such a unmotivated Team, at the reception such a unfriendly Girl and so unmotivated, as well the Concierge all the three Guys! This hotel is 5 star, the service is like 1 star. Very sad, cause we paid a lot cause we wanted a 5 star hotel. Nobody wants to help you if you have a question, if you ask something you get a unfriendly answer, it makes the feeling they feel nerved from their guests. Unbelievable!!! This hotel can be lucky that they have this location, I can’t recommend this location, last time I was in Mayfair in a 3 Star Hotel which was half price but the service was 5 star!",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or20-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Top!,Great hotel! Came here for the 3rd time and still very nice! We had a room which was completely refurbished on the second floor. Extremely kind staff and situated perfectly! We would go back for the 4th time for sure!,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or20-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Girly lunch,"Visited here for a girly lunch on a weekend and the restaurant was fairly quiet.Starters were good and for the mains we had the chicken supreme with vegetables,which did not have any cream on and only had the grilled chicken breast which were cut into pieces. Not much taste, but eatable. Dessert of apple crumble with cream was good. Service was friendly. This deal came with a glass of wine which was drinkable.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or20-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Review,"Location is good, but that’s about it, first room was tired in need of updating, went back to reception and the receptionist was really not bothered about my complaint, after a while I went to see another receptionist see gave us an updated room, which was nice. In the morning we went for breakfast, what an experience that was to say the least, having been told we have to pay for it on top of the room was fine, the waitress attitude stank! Giving us the bill before we even had breakfast and taking the chit, then the miserable woman was cleaning our plates before we had finished! We then went to pay the left overs on the bill, yet again a miserable experience, I feel that the staff need a course in manners! Wouldn’t recommend this place!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or20-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",J. J,"The hotel has a very good location, close to many restaurants and cafes. Christmas decoration is great! The reception staff is very nice. The room is wonderful! We really liked it and we'll be back again!",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or20-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Ideal location, not a 5*hotel.","Stayed here 2nights in December, 9/10th. Chose the Courthouse due to its proximity to Carnaby Street and the London Palladium.  An ideal position for a visit to both.  The positives really end there.  The website photos of the rooms are misleading- room 402 is tired with chipped paint.  The beds were comfortable enough, the pillows were far too soft and needed the decorative cushions to bulk them up.  There were bare wires in the wall where I’m guessing the dressing table light should have been. The bathroom had a bracket but no shelf, I had to refit the shower head as water was squirting from the top joint.  The hotel is very clean though.  The receptionists upon check in were both a bit miserable and failed to smile.  I really felt I was a bit of a nuisance, not a great 1st…",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or25-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Gone downhill . Poor customer relations. AVOID,Stayed here many years previously  for our Christmas  pantp at the Palladium.  This year booked direct with hotel for a better deal. WRONG  MOVE. Paid £80 more than if used booking.com got the worst room ever and after speaking with the manager to voice our complaints all she offered was to update our profile on their system and maybe a better room next time. If I responded to my customers like that with no compensation  I would certainly  lose custom as they have now. She had an opportunity  and blew it!,Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or25-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"Wish we had read the reviews about this place before checking in.  Apart from rude staff, the hotel is in no way a 5* star hotel.  Room was awful, asked to change rooms but told no, maintenance will come - they never did.  Loads of other issues to the extent that we checked out of the hotel the same day.  Be cautious about the pre auth as well, we didn't authorise the hotel  to complete the pre auth as we were making an official complaint.  The hotel then cancelled the pre auth and took the fund 2 days later after we checked out without our approval. Our credit card company is now investigating a fraudulent claim on our card.  There was no way we were going to pay for this room, everything about the hotel is awful.  Avoid this hotel at all costs.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or25-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but nothing special,"Plus: great location, comfortable bed, quite friendly staff (except the guy in the bar), the lobby and bar looked good, quiet and calm, historical building.  Minus: card key stopped working immediately, the room was cold, the door was hard to open, cracks in the bathroom wall, terrible view from the window, wires hanging in the ceiling.",Date of stay: December 2019,3.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or25-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",one of the most horrific rooms ive ever stayed in extremely dangerous !! see pics,"This hotel has caused me actual harm with the decrepit state of the room and the dangerous finishing or lack of it. ive incuded pictures in my review of the cuts to my arm.   I arrived in my room after a full day of travel and meetings to find and absolutely disgusting presentation of a room. I’ve paid around £240 for the privilege of the most dangerous disgusting room I think I’ve been in this year. ripped bed, no bed clothes, no light bulbs, electrical wires hanging out the walls and a bath with the handles snapped off.   First of all the when you travel on business its almost a given that every hotel room you book has a desk and a chair to work at for the evening. I think this is one of the only perks of being away from home is the fact I get a lot of work done on the…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or25-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A good hotel off Oxford Street in London,"The room was large, but not much to see from the window, as in any other city hotel.  There is one cupboard for hanging clothes in the corner, and several open shelves under the television. But there is only one chair, and that in a double room! The room had a fridge and tea/coffee. But why do many hotels not provide herbal tea, too?   The bathroom was large, and there was plenty of space for washing bags, etc. But the bathroom’s air-conditioning system, which you can’t turn off, makes the bathroom cold, which is something you don’t want in November in London!  The shower in the bath is not convenient. The glass door on the bath is too short to prevent water splashing on to the floor. A wide variety of food is provided for breakfast – cereals, fruit, cheeses, meats, eggs, but…",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or30-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid if you want to sleep,I was really looking forward to our stay at this hotel the gallery pictures looked great and was next to the london palladium which we were visiting. We got back to the hotel and ordered food to the room which was great but then the noise started which I can only describe as sleeping in a bottle bank. The noise went through the night which neither of us got any sleep and when we complained the reception staff said it wasn't down to them an also implied I was lying. They refused any form of compensation but did say next time they would give us a quiet room which to me means they are more than aware of the noise problem. On top of that the breakfast was cold so we went to the breakfast room  and the food was vaguely warm there. I have stayed in many hotels and paid far less for…,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or30-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Finger licking good,"Cannot  fault our delicious meal we had at Sohowala. Fabulous authentic menu full of wonderful dishes. Our team of 5 were all delighted with their choices and the service we received from Arvind was impeccable. He was attentive, friendly, professional and first class!  The hotel itself is very stunning with perfect location that has variety of outlets to choose. All the staff were very warm and welcoming. They had genuine smile on their face. We were greeted by each and every team member when we were going around public areas.  We will be definitely coming back soon!",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or30-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great choice!,"Had an arrangement with my family to meet up for a short weekend break in London,so why not central!  My daughter picked the hotel and the choice was definitely perfect! The hotel is really really beautiful and worth to see. We had a request for a rooms near each other and the reception team have provided us with two Superior Rooms on a recently refurbished floor. The rooms looked really modern and clean and we felt really special to be one of the first guests in those rooms. Hotel is currently under refurbishment and we can’t wait to be back next year to see how more beautiful can it be!  Concierge were very helpful getting us a taxi within a minute in a very busy time. We did not have time for a breakfast as we had to be meeting friends outside,but would definitely try it next…",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or30-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient for Oxford Street - more staff needed,"I booked 2 rooms during November so we could attend a show and go shopping. The hotel is in a fantastic location for central London, but doesn’t offer car parking.   We arrived early and the reception staff were very helpful and took our bags to a secure area. Check in was easy, but there was only ever one receptionist and one concierge person around, resulting in some queues. We arrived back from the show and the bar was packed, only two staff members were on duty and they looked stressed due to the number of people waiting.   We had breakfast, this was £22.50 each. Don’t go, honestly Mc Donald’s is 100% better. The hot food is kept warm by food heaters, the bacon was cold, scrambled egg luke warm and like rubber, sausages warm to cold..... get my drift.... the staff don’t…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or30-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Most uncomfortable bed,"I am actually writing this review lying on my bed with a hot water bottle on the base of my spine. The mattress on the bed in room 609, was so hard, that I actually woke up several times during the night. Unfortunately, today was really spoilt because both my partner and myself suffered with back pain from the mattress. We were going to do some shopping but instead we opted to drive back home and when we arrived back, both of us could hardly walk! Please can the management understand that guests do not want to sleep on hard beds. ",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or35-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Highly recommended, nice and helpful staff","Me and my partner visited London for the weekend and decided to book a hotel in Central London. Worthy every penny! The location saves plenty of your time which you can spend enjoying shops on Oxford circus, the night lights of Piccadilly circus, restaurants in Coven garden...  The hotel was under refurbishment when we arrived and we were worried that we can be disturbed by the noise. Reception staff was kind enough to allocate us a quiet room (special Thank you to Bianca who was great). The room was newly refurbished, we could  still get the smell of new furniture, which really felt special as we were first guest in the room 😊  Will come back again!",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or35-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing! Would definitely be back.,"I have booked the hotel as a surprise for my wife for our wedding anniversary and advised the guest relations of that.  On arrival we were lovely greeted by concierge and reception and have received a complimentary upgrade to a fabulous Kingsize bedroom.  Once we got to the room we discovered we have also gotten a bottle of wine,such a great touch of customer service!  The hotel itself is a beautiful historical place to see! Would definitely return.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or35-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Evocative and Historic Setting, Friendly Staff, and a Smart Cinema To Boot","Attended - as part of a gift package - just the bar area and a film screening in the comfortable, modern cinema. The hotel foyer and bar area are worth a visit (and a drink) in their own right: built in the court house buildings in which John Lennon/Yoko Ono and Mick Jagger/Marianne Faithful ""appeared"" in the '60s, the best preserved courtroom is now a restaurant (a member of staff might show you if it's not in use). The cells have been preserved (complete with - thankfully, now disabled- toilets) inside the bar area giving a unique, quirky atmosphere. The cinema was modern and comfortable with spacious seating. A great way to watch an old movie (the cinema offers public screenings of classic movies on Saturdays, and meal/cinema packages are available from the hotel). A…",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or35-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,It was great as had long day and night partying and shopping. Very close to selfridges. I did not knew hotel had a cinema as well until I saw a big que who were having drinks and then I asked a staff who told me every Saturday they show different movies which we can buy tickets to. May be next time!!!,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or35-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",EVENT: 2019 ESA Diploma Graduation,"Fantastic venue and bijou cinema, absolutely delicious afternoon tea with Champagne and attentive, professional staff – just perfect for our 2019 ESA Diploma Graduation… we've found a new home for our ceremony and will be back!",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or40-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,I had afternoon teas with my friends. We enjoyed the food and service. Must recommend it to others looking for great experience. We went shopping first and then for afternoon tea. Front of house staff was so nice they helped us with the shopping bags and gave us a nice table. enjoyed it. will go again,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or40-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Staff in lobby made my family stay wonderful,"It was first time our whole family visited london, we have been through tough times recently, although I must admit couple of my family members were very hard to deal with but your front desk team was just amazing and I cannot thank you enough that you made my little one so happy. Will come back again",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or40-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Loved it!! Thank you,"Stayed in the hotel on 15th October for 2 days , staff were very good. Although have stayed few times there now but this time it was excellent. Nothing was too much especially the reception guys. Will definitely comeback soon!!!",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or40-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Simply Awful from Start to Finish,"Where do i start, from the flaking paint inter rooms to the very poor staff to the total lack of engagement with guests. There is quite literally nothing 5 start about this hotel. i have stayed here a couple of times and each time it gets worse. The owners appear to have have made little investment in the hotel in recent years and at best i'd say this is a 3 star offer. Please, i implore you, take you business elsewhere.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or40-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute disappointment,"!DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL!  There is nothing good I can say about this hotel. We stayed in the classic room. The room looked nothing like the photo, could barely walk round to the other side of the bed it was so small. The carpet was old with stains. The bathroom smelt when we walked through the door. When riding the lift with another couple they stated ‘gosh if that’s the deluxe room I dread to think what the other rooms must be like’ when we overheard them complain they brushed them off and said ‘there’s nothing they can do’.  When using the spa (during opening hours), all the lights were turned off, no staff to great us to give us our robes and towel. Found the pool which was ok but then when wanting to use the sauna it was switched off and no steam room or jacuzzi so…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or45-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced don’t expect luxury ,We have stayed here 3 times. The best thing about this hotel is the location which I guess you are paying for...they could provide water in the room for the price....on this occasion the room was shabby...the shower had the smallest screen and in no time the floor was flooded with water.....we were woken at 5am by the adjoining room who were having some sort of party I rang reception and this was dealt with immediately....the worst of it was the smell of smoke that filled our room from the adjoining room absolutely awful!  It’s not 5 star and the reception could do with some training.  Not somewhere we will stay again sorry courthouse but your just not upto standard. ,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or45-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nowhere near 5 star,"Whilst this hotel is pleasant enough, it is a long way from being 5 star.   Washed out, thin and rough towels in the room Unfinished wiring hanging out of holes in the wall (417) No robes Heat lamp breakfast, boiled mushrooms, shrivelled bacon, egg mush  It has a spa, and a cinema, but for comfort or romance, go somewhere else. ",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or45-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"I booked one night during a business trip, as the usual hotel was fully booked and this one appeared to be close to our office. We arrived after a working day and i didn't think what i was about to experience. Smooth check in (and charged 60 euros deposit). I arrived in the room and it was freezing, window was open, just to get rid of the awful smell of damp/smoke. Carpet had seen better days and so the furniture. I honestly didn't feel comfortable walking with my bare feet on it. Bathroom clean and decent. Not even a free bottle of water or any amenities. Ah, for this rubbish we've been charge 270 euros, yes...270! and no breakfast, breakfast can be paid at the bargain price of 30 pounds, ridicolous. I will never, never use it again, not even free of charge.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or45-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers v.2.0,"At first, we thought it was a joke or some candid camera prank. Turned out it wasn't.   We booked 3 nights at Courthouse through hotels.com, prepaid the rooms which were one DeLuxe room (one living room, one bedroom) and one standard room.  When we arrived we noticed that the staff couldn't care less about us. After waiting for ten minutes the woman at the desk suddenly ""saw us"". Not a smile, not a greeting. Completely indifferent. She then went on to change us 300 pounds as a ""deposit"" which the concierge said was refunded when we left. Nope. There are still 300 pounds missing from my credit card 12 hours later.  Then we have the rooms. The ""DeLuxe"" room turned out to have a faulty air condition system and it was like a freezer in there. The night manager moved us to another…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or45-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",You deserve better one.,"1. Rudeness. Front desk threw room keys on desk rudely instead of hand them to guests when checking in. 2. Poor service. We pulled 20 x suitcases, front desk did not inform there was a slope, and we had to use stairs. 3. Lack of facilities. The hotel can't even provide with one adaptor. 4. Unprofessional. The staff did not turn on breakfast place light, and no staff is there to help.  After all, this is the last place I would like to stay in London.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or50-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Never go back,"After staying here many times I took my wife here for our 10 year anniversary. At 0800 on Saturday morning we were woken by builders. It sounded like they were coming through our ceiling. On phoning reception to complain it carried on so we got up and went out. On returning our key wouldn’t work so went back to reception to be told they the card didn’t work because they wanted to speak to us. We were then told it would be the same the following morning.  On leaving we told staff how bad the stay was, for many more reasons than the early wake up and we were given the email for customer complaints who “would help us”.  After sending a lengthy email to explain our issues nobody has had the decency to respond. What a poorly run shambles of a hotel. We will never ever go back!!!",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or50-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"I have stayed here before so chose it again for a special couple of days with my daughter before she returned to Australia. On check in we were told that we’d been given a newly refurbished room on the 5th floor...how nice we thought. Well-on opening our bedroom door...there was one bedside table missing, exposed wires on the wall behind the bed and no overhead lighting. The fridge was absolutely filthy. Definitely not a new one. We were then moved to a different floor where our room was acceptable but had a completely cracked washbasin and wires on the floor taped and a cracked radio volume control button in the bathroom. There was an issue with noise from the next door bedroom on both nights whereby we could every word of their telephone conversation.  On our first morning I…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or50-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dinner with Groupon Voucher,"My partner and I were given a three course meal voucher for his birthday and it did not disappoint. Our starters, mains and desserts were all lovely and very tasty. We didn’t manage to grab the names of the two waiters who looked after us this evening but we would like to note how attentive, professional and friendly they were. They are a credit to the hotel. Great service and we would definitely come back again. Thanks for a lovely evening!",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or50-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible Hotel! Avoid At All Costs!,"This is the worst ""nice"" hotel in London I've ever experienced. I was put in a room on the fifth floor that is undergoing a complete renovation -- literally all the rooms on the floor are under construction except a handful. There were construction crews at work until 10 or 11pm. My room totally smells of plaster, and that isn't to mention the techno music that was thumping from upstairs until 11pm on a Tuesday night. The reaction from reception when I asked for a room change was no better than the smell in my room. Management should be ashamed of itself and this hotel just lost a potential corporate contract moving forward if I have anything to say about it. STAY AWAY! ",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or50-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic value!,"Perfect location for shopping and theatres, very friendly and helpful staff, cool bar area with the cells coverted into 'snugs / booths' Rooms are spacious and VERY clean if just a bit  tried perhaps. But when balanced against room rate I would say best value for money hotel we have stayed in.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or55-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ms,"Our firm is now taking this hotel off the recommended list of places to stay. Consistently poor, very old beds, noisy, dis-interested staff. They need a change of manager to someone who gives a damn. Avoid!",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or55-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Stylish but NOISY!,"Hotel is stylish, and clean with lovely bedrooms including sky on a large flat screen TV. However, on the top floor below a roof top bar was extremely noisy, my window in a Deluxe King room faced an office building so had to keep my curtains shut for privacy. From a 5* rated hotel, I expected more. ",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or55-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Money taken from bank without authorisation.,"This hotel is possibly the most unprofessional hotel I have ever stayed in. My company booked this hotel for me being away on business and pre paid for the hotel online.  Upon check in I authorised my card for £50 to be held for extras and I stated very clearly that payment for the stay cannot be taken from this account. It needs to be from the company Amex in file. Upon leaving I was greeted by an exceedingly rude man who then without authorisation deducted the £200 for my nights stay from my personal account even though I stayed yet again it had to be the Amex. I can see how this mistake could be made, even though it is highly inconvenient.   However the hotel also deducted a further £150 from my personal account. When I seen this I called up and they point blank refused that…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or55-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but not worth the price,"The Location is amazing, right in the heart of London, one minute from Oxford Circus and Regents St. The downstairs bar is cute with the old holding cells on show. Staff at reception were not particularly helpful. They seemed to resent it when five guests all turned up at the same time to say their key cards were not working. The staff member told us to keep them away from our phones, which seemed a bit lame and also an attempt to shift the blame to the guests.",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or55-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!,"Okay, so I would have gladly rated, this hotel a 0 star, but tripadvisor wont allow me. So, am going to write down my experience of this terrible place. I checked into the hotel, and got to know that I have been upgraded to a King size room. I was super happy and started walking to this room, to realise that it's right next to their rooftop terrace lounge. I enter the room and its not a sound proof room. So I can hear people talking in the lounge, laughing etc, and obviously the annoying music from the lounge too. I go down ask for a room change to be told that no, I can't have another room as this place is completely booked, and that I ll be okay after 11 p.m as the music will stop. Wow, I am absolutely loving it. Also, let me mention I was here on a work trip. And then I wait…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or60-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Gone down hill!,"Have stayed here in its former identity.  What a let down.  The carpeted areas were filthy, the dining room was disgusting, waitresses looked scruffy, inattentive, one had her jacket on, others had their own cardigans on.  We had to ask to get our table cloth changed as it was filthy.  We saw the waitresses just turning the used table cloths over after each sitting.  The table cloths were also too big for the tables.  It was cold.  I asked for wine glasses to be taken to our room, which I was informed this will happen, but they never materialised!   I would not stay there again, I wouldn’t recommend it.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or60-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible experience in a great location - should be a 3* hotel not a 5*,1.)The staff were not helpful & uncomfortable to deal with. EXPECT the concierge who did a great job. 2.) The “GYM” was the poorest excuse I’ve ever seen - 2 treadmills in a hallway with some dumbbells in front of a doorway with NO bench or room to do ANYTHING. 3.) The Sauna was cold (60 degrees c) and a safety hazard due to the wood inside having rotted away - the broken bench (with a spike sticking out) felt as it was about to collapse. 4.) On the roof there is a nightclub so the hallways are filled with drunk youth every evening - sometimes you have to push past people smoking outside just to get into the hotel. 5.)  No free water provided in the room - (only 5* hotel I’ve ever stayed at that did not provide free water)  6.) No iron or ironing board. 7.) Room was very small -…,Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or60-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely weekend theatre break,"We stayed at The Courthouse Hotel recently when we visited for a belated birthday treat and were pleasantly surprised at how lovely this hotel was.     We were seeing 'Joseph' at The London Palladium and booked this hotel for its close proximity to the theatre, it is literally just around the corner.  We were dealt with very efficiently at reception and were very happy to hear that we had been upgraded.  Our room was very spacious and clean, corridors were quiet and the bed was comfortable resulting in a good nights sleep.   The bar in the hotel is very quirky and the original features such as the 'cells' are great. Staff were polite and there was a good choice on the drinks menu.   Breakfast was buffet style and food was nice and hot and tasty.  It would of been nice to have…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or60-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea-better places,"So we had the champagne afternoon tea, which you could swap the champagne out for a cocktail which is nice..... But thats its you have it in the Indian restaurant attached to the hotel which is but odd. The tea it's self took ages to arrive and was warm at best, the sandwich and cake selection is OK but you can find better choices in other hotels for the same cost or less, the staff are friendly but very slow it took 45min for the cakes to come out when we were the only people in the restaurant at the time!! No atmosphere at all which is a shame as your in a good location overall is definitely suggested esle where! ",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or60-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing afternoon tea,"Staff were excellent especually Maria and Ravi.  We had expected a more interesting room to dine in as this is an old court house. It could have been anywhere though the decor was not unattractive. Some photos on the wall of the interior in its' prime and a brief history on the menu would have added to our experience. We were seated in the bay window on heavily stained cushions which would not find a home in most pubs.The other seats however were colourful and attractivly enhanced by pretty cushions. The sandwiches were very tasty  but we think were the equivalent of just one  sandwich each. The warm scones were superb,  just the right size and delicious. So crumbly I ate mine with fork.  We would happily have traded the sweet pastries for another half sandwiche each or a…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or65-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dated Hotel,"We stayed here whilst see i a show in London. The room are dated with cupboard door unable to close. Poor tea facilities in room, The bed were so uncomfortable had little sleep. Wine in bar was like vinegar and the next morning having paid £22.50 each for breakfast it was almost inedible, cold and only buffet, even the tea had to be made yourself, which you don't expect at this price. This hotel is not worth the £230 a night paid.",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or65-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location but lacks atmosphere and beds very uncomfortable,"We stayed here for one night mid week. Location is good for shopping, opposite Liberty and a 2 min walk to Oxford Street, Regents Street etc.  Staff were not welcoming on arrival.  Rooms (we had a Superior Queen) were a good size. Good storage, nice en-suite. Bed was very very hard (floor would have been softer) and the pillows extremely soft to the point that 2 pillows were the support of half a pillow . I ended up rolling up the dressing gown and using it under the pillows.  Instant coffee in a 4-5* hotel ??  Ok for one night stay but due to the bed would not recommend a longer stay.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or65-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing spa treatment !,Booked a spa treatment for my girlfriends bday and it was absolutely amazing ! Alexandra and diljana were amazing and really helped us relax to the fullest. Definitely would book again ! Again thank you so much for today !,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or65-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"I took my mum here for afternoon tea to celebrate her 60th birthday. The hotel is beautiful, the food was great and the service was amazing. All the staff made us feel welcome, and were incredibly attentive. I left a note on our booking telling them that it was my mums birthday and they brought out a slice of cake with a birthday message on. They really pushed the boat out for us and we really appreciate it! If you’re reading this thank you for making my mum feel special, I’ll be back soon!",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or65-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Second visit - out per service/room comfort/value.  Great soho location if that's all you care about.,"We opted to try this hotel again - the decor is charming and the location is prime in the middle of Soho.  Unfortunately, we found the same problems - couldn't cool room sufficiently, and staff was slightly rude at check-in. We did have reservations for Toy Roof - and if you're in your 20's/30's and want a packed happening hip bar, this is for you - make sure to reserve. However, not a place to relax for an afternoon drink and light meal.  I hate scratching this hotel off my list, we wanted to like it, but it just doesn't meet our expectations.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or70-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel in great location,"Stated at hotel over weekend. The location is excellent but facilities mentioned are not as described. Roof terrace was closed for private parties and told even if open it would be a minimum charge of £50pp to sit there but you need to pre book. Main restaurant closed for private parties. Swimming pool only open 10_7 each day. Breakfast basic buffet And probably better in a restaurant outside. Room bathroom requires updating. All in all not as described by the hotel on their website. More like a struggling 3 star with facilities people staying there are not allowed to use. Read less 1 item, updated Jul 2019 Share",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or70-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",5 star hotel 1 star service,We asked for an iron on Friday evening - despite asking 5 times it didn’t arrive until late Saturday afternoon   Rooms are poor and need updating   The picture shows a towel left hung up on our second day - it wasn’t even ours left over from the night before   So expensive for a basic hotel,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or70-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"We booked the hotel for the location, and this really is a great hotel for that. It really should not be classed 5 star though as the rooms are not up to standard for that, the bathroom ceiling was peeling, the shower attachment broken, extractor In bathroom did not turn off, carpet was a little shabby and curtains hanging of clips, would not take a lot to improve but I have stayed in much nicer furnished 5 star hotels, that said bed and pillows were extremely comfy, the bar is good and the novelty factor of sitting in the original cells is a bit of fun, lovely cocktails and all the staff we had dealings with were extremely helpful and friendly, I got the room on a deal for £183 which I think given the location is ok buy given the condition of the rooms a bit disappointed. ",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or70-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Worth the price,We had an amazing weekend and treated so nicely by the staff at the hotel. Breakfast was good. The special cinema attraction at the hotel was brilliant. Lovely weekend and best sleep in ages. Thank you courthouse hotel,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or70-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"Hotel room well equipped and very clean. The bed was very comfy and big. The hotel is ideally situated to all attractions within London. The only disappointment was the breakfast, very expensive so we expected the best. The food was warm not hot and the scrambled egg was the powdered stuff. Hot water was in jugs so in short supply.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or75-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location. ","This hotel has a great location, you walk out the door and walk right in to Carnaby street. The hotel is quite impersonal but the rooms are spacious and clean. The toilet was not too eager to flush, but with considerable effort, it gave in. The beds are comfortable, as are the duvets and pillows. The breakfast is not worth the value, step outside and find yourself a nice breakfast place. ",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or75-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Terribly overpriced, bad management","I wish I had read the reviews before booking my stay here. I paid over 400 pounds per night (!!!) which is outrageous given that this hotel is certainly not a 5 star, luxury hotel as they advertise. My first room had a shower that didn't work and a window that didn't close properly (the noise from the alley below was horrible and I couldn't sleep). The second room did not have air conditioning that worked and the television didn't work!  When I called for hotel staff to come help I first had trouble reaching anyone at all and finally when someone showed up he was exasperated and complained that hotel management had recently changed and they were understaffed and had numerous problems plaguing the hotel. He could not get my air conditioning to work and could not fix the TV.  And…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or75-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",False Advertising,"This was extremely disappointing.  The hotel is definitely not 5 star standard.  Whilst the concierge staff were lovely and extremely helpful, this cannot be said for the other staff.  I went up to the rooftop bar with my mother (in her 80s) and we were told that there wasn't a table available and that we had to book.  This was clearly not the case because as we were leaving a younger group of 4 people arrived without a booking and were immediately shown a table.  I challenged the arrogant & extremely rude young woman in charge and she claimed it was because they were a larger party.  Some time later the rest of my family arrived and our sons & partners went to see if they would get the same response.  They clearly were not dressed in a manner that suggested affluence because…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or75-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, shame about room standard","This room was just under £200 for the night, and was such low standards. We've had better stays at a Travelodge.   Numerous items in the room were broken, the bed was a small double and you could feel the springs through the mattress. The carpets and net curtains were stained and grubby.   It feels like most of the effort goes into the lobby of this hotel, and the rooms are forgotten and tired.   Really disappointed with this room, and not pleased with the customer experience that's been provided since we've made a complaint.   Would avoid staying here, there are other lovely places with great locations.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or75-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday weekend and theatre,"Having stayed at Courthouse in Shoreditch was really disappointed with this hotel. Our room was really shabby - curtain hanging off rail, bathroom very tired with stained ceiling and lights not working.  No biscuits etc. Supposed to be 5 star more like 3 star. Booked months ahead as 2 couples and one room not ready on arrival then put on different floors. Historic interest in the court which was good but oyherwise hotel seems really run down and tired.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or80-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing!!,We stayed in this hotel twice in the last month while travelling. I had booked it before we left NZ I wish I hadn’t booked second stay after our first two nights. Had to move rooms three times on our stay as the rooms the initially gave us were dreadful. Looking onto a brick wall and then put in the room under the rooftop bar!! Although the staff did accommodate our requests without arguing.. obviously used to complaints!! Good size rooms but very tired with cheap bathroom fittings. Location was great but that is pretty much where it ends. Do not go to roof top bar overpriced with loud music and poor service which you will be charged for automatically to your room around£3.75. Really disappointing as we thought this would be a highlight of our stay but a serious let down... on…,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or80-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely disappointing,"Very well located hotel, convenient for the business and leisure traveler. The roo, although small, was not too bad either. Otherwise more like a 3 star hotel at best. Clueless, unhelpful staff, tacky, cheap decor, one of the worst services I can recall, corridor constantly stinking of fried food (at least on the 6th floor), TV working when it felt so. Wi fi constantly in need of reconnection.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or80-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Who gave this five stars???? It is 3.5 at very best.,"Not what I would call a luxury hotel. The best thing I can say is that the location was great. The staff we dealt with were generally fine. We stayed there twice. Once on our arrival in London for three nights & again after we returned from a trip to Scotland a week later. If we had not pre-paid the second stay we would not have stayed there the second time. When we arrived for our second stay, there were numerous police and emergency personnel outside the entry door. Just prior to our arrival, there had been an explosion outside the hotel. We were assured that it was safe and the hotel staff took our bags and escorted us through another entrance to the lobby. A bit unnerving, but ultimately all was ok. We never found out exactly what happened and were told it was still being…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or80-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We visited to afternoon tea - the staff were lovely, we were not rushed at all. We had a pimms cocktail which was very nice. They afternoon tea consisted of 4 finger sandwich’s, 2 scones with cream & Jam and 4 cakes each. 2 pots of tea there is a choice of different teas.  Afterwards we went into the bar and saw the original cells and looked around silks which was the original court. The renovation has been sensitively done retaining some of the original features",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or80-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely aftenoon tea,I bought my friend and I an afternoon tea at the Courthouse as a birthday treat before heading of to the theatre. We were warmly greeted and they brought the champagne out first for us to enjoy at our own pace. The tea came with the sandwiches and cakes 30 minutes later which was nice as we didn’t feel rushed. Everything was very relaxed. There was a nice selection of sandwiches and cakes for us to enjoy and we left feeling completely full. If I had one criticism it would be that the scones were small and they could have been fresher. Overall though we enjoyed it,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or85-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",dump,"Is this really a 5-star hotel? Thread bare carpets, mouldy rooms, mousy smell in dark, long corridors, rude staff at breakfast.... Personal belonging went missing from room! The owners of this property give shame to Indian hospitality which is renowned to be one of the best in the world. This hotel needs an overhaul or they should reduce its status and prices.  Stay away until serious change happens here",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or85-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Afternoon Tea,"This was given as a gift voucher.   The two members of staff we had dealings with were very nice and polite, however the time we had to wait for our tea really was too long.  We were given our champagne almost immediately but had to wait over half an hour for our tea and food to arrive,  even though the place was very quiet. The sandwiches and scones were ok but I’d say the cakes/tarts were mediocre.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or85-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay,"I stayed here 5 nights, and it’s a great hotel. The room was very nice, and the buffet breakfasts were very good.  You can order special prepared eggs for breakfast, but it’s not commonly known. And special coffees too like cappuccino. Conveniently located in the heart of London with great restaurants nearby. ",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or85-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",HAVE NOT RELEASED BY PREAUTHROIZED PAYMENT,"I stayed with the @COURTHOUSE.HOTEL.LONDON on 15th May. The hotel pre authorized €348.46 on my debit card. I then paid with another card in full on checkout. This is still being held, 12 days later. I have called at least on 10 occasions with no satisfactory result. Outrageous to say the least.   I run own hospitality business in Dublin and have never heard of this before. They are blaming my bank who I have since spoken with. This is absolutely the Courthouse who are at fault. I would think twice about booking this hotel again, particularly if this is a standard policy. I would certainly not recommend the hotel. I spoke with a member of staff earlier today and they were to call me back within 10 minutes. Noting.......... I also asked to speak with the GM and they would not give…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or85-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling ,"The customer service levels in this hotel are the worst I have ever experienced, and I stay in a lot of hotels, particularly for business.  If the services levels were better, it might slightly compensate for the very tired and certainly not 5*, interior.  From the moment I arrived (I stayed for 3 nights), I only encountered one member of staff who was pleasant and professional, that was the host at breakfast on Wednesday May 15th.  On check in, I did not receive a welcome, any information to confirm my booking details, no mannerly interaction regarding payment or credit card guarantee, no hotel information regarding the location of the elevator to the guest rooms, breakfast times, WiFi etc.   The room I was allocated was appalling. There was a terrible damp and musty smell, a…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or90-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Gets a ""1"" rating because ""0"" isn't an option","My wife and I have stayed in The Courthouse Hotel a few times in the past, particularly for it's great location. Our stay on 8 May, however, was dire.  We had booked a Classic Room as their web site states - ""Space and luxury are the hallmark of the 5 star Courthouse Hotel London guestrooms"". However, the room we were given was tiny, the carpets were dirty and stained, the grouting around the tiling in the bathroom was dirty and loose and the air conditioning barely worked. Having complained, we were shown another Classic Room on a different floor which we rejected because it was  in just as bad a condition. A further complaint led to an ""upgrade"" to another room which, although larger than the first two, also had stained and dirty carpets. Even worse was the fact that the paint…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or90-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best Afternoon Tea we have had,We visited the Courthouse Hotel for Afternoon tea as part of a gift we had been given for Xmas. The staff were very friendly and attentive and Oksana made sure that we had everything we needed. The afternoon tea was a nice mixture of sandwiches and cakes and was surprisingly filling. All in All would definitely recomend the afternoon tea here.,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or90-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Roof bar-Toy Bar,"Tatty run down, staff more interested in their phone than serving people absolutely would not recommend. I have had better service in a Wetherspoon pub, if you’re in the area there are plenty of options apart from here. On the plus side the music was good",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or90-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",But would I go again !!! ???,"Great location right opposite Liberties so just perfect for retail therapy but that's about it.  Dirty carpet at entrance not the best first impression. Reasonable check in but nothing special - first room offered was dreadful - very pokey and stank of smoke - dismal outlook of a roof.  Moved to another more spacious room but very tired, dirty carpets, no complimentary water, awful mis match of toiletries, curtains hanging off and another dismal outlook of a wall -  as this was meant to be an upgraded room goodness know what the lesser ones were like.   Popped to bar after a night out but official bar man unavailable so no 'after dinner cocktails' could be served - just the basics.  Very expensive for what it is but you are paying for the location but that really is about the…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or90-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Property,"Just perfect,  very comfortable stay,  great Service. The breakfast was a downside though if on a long stay gets repetitive.   Spa is decent Great Value for money   Special mention of Ilyas he is an asset.    Would love to stay there again",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or95-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous,"Immensely enjoyed my stay !  Super friendly staff, particularly Ilyas! Location 10/10, really large room, very reasonable pricing!  Room much larger and nicer than hotels in similar location with similar pricing ! Will most define you be returning",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or95-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A terrible experience.,"My husband booked this hotel as part of a birthday surprise for myself and our son.  We had a fantastic day at the theatre and then went to book into this hotel before our dinner reservation. And then it all went rapidly downhill. At check in, we were told that a larger group had decided to extend their stay and there were no longer any rooms available. We had booked and paid for our room and so this was very disappointing and a bit of a shock. I have travelled quite widely and this has never happened to me before. The duty manager appeared. We were offered a stay at their sister hotel in Shoreditch (nearly 5 miles away) or The Washington Hotel in Mayfair (12 minutes by taxi). As compensation, we were offered a room upgrade and breakfast and a ‘free’ taxi. The duty manager,…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or95-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A room without a view ....  or a room.,I had booked and paid for  his hotel as a special occasion for my wife and son months ago.    On arrival the Duty Manager informed my wife there was no room available as it had been sold to a bigger group.  They were downgraded to a 4 star hotel not in the area and missed their dinner reservation.  They requested and were refused a complimentary dinner.   My wife was lied to and disrespected.  The General Manager was fully aware of these events but refused to speak with me.  How shoddy is that?  I have been using this hotel for 15 years.  Never again.,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or95-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The full Fawltey Towers experience!!,"I'd booked dinner and a film at the hotel's private cinema as a birthday treat for my wife. Fortunately I'd looked up the location before arriving as there's no sign outside to say it's a hotel! Reception and lobby is cold and dark - staff likewise. We eventually found the Silk restaurant which is inside the beautiful oak-panelled old courtroom. The opportunity to make a special atmosphere in this space has been totally lost as the decor is a mix of Thai temple, Indian takeaway and transport cafe. The designer must have been schizophrenic!  There are two entrance doors side by side (old doors to the cells) and our table was next to one of them which was supposed to be locked. It wasn't. Another customer opened it and slammed into my wife's chair.    Only 14 covers and 3 staff so…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or95-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"The room was very small and dark, the bathroom old fashion and not so clean. The breakfast was bad quality for 20 pounds... nothing fresh... the location is good and I thought that for this range of price the hotel would be good but no value for money.",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or100-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 Star,"We booked this hotel as a special treat but was disappointed. The room was just ok but for 5 star we expect dressing  gowns, none to be found just slippers! No usb charging points, bathroom needed a make over as the shower head was on a pole that had bits missing and wouldn’t come down low enough for me to shower without getting my hair soaked. The toilet when flushed made glugging noises for 20 mins. The breakfast was poor choice.  no choice of eggs just scrambled,  mushrooms looked like tinned ones. had to serve yourself which in 5 star And for the price I expected better. At Check out only one serving and very long queue, even had copy of someone else’s credit card details on our bill. We usually stay in a well known chain and will be going back to them. On a positive the…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or100-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Pay for location,"Five star hotel located in the old Courthouse. I stayed purely because if its proximity to The London Palladium, two minutes walk. Oxford Circus tube also two minutes away. First impression was it is poorly signposted from the outside, I walked past it twice! Check in was cold and inhospitable, very dark, not told anything on arrival about the facilities, only breakfast times. Receptionist was disinterested. Couldn’t find the lifts, had to ask to two different members of staff before the last one walked me to the area as they are tucked away. Bedroom was quite nice, tired, but spacious, poor view. But that’s to be expected with most backstreet London hotels. Bathroom good. Bath and over bath shower.  After show at LP, had a drink in the bar. Clever use of the old cells but, for…",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or100-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea with voucher,This place has changed since we came last year as all famous people’s pictures no longer there as moved near the toilets and most seats to be used for Indian Street Food venue  We were the only couple in the place for afternoon tea at 1pm and another two men in the Indian Street Food seats Our voucher taken then drinks order taken  Shortly afterwards fizz delivered then cake stand then drinks The odd thing was the scones dusted with icing sugar  The rest of the food fine except the sun dried tomatoes in the pesto sandwich which was weird   The downside of this visit was the inappropriate music belting out Obviously meant for the Indian street food crowd as booming and thumping music is not usual for serene cake stands ... is it?? Will we be back... not on your belly!!!,Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or100-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","awful, noisy, no respect for good customers","after having stayed here over weeks i already felt it was strange that i am not welcomed as a repeat customer, as one would normally be, but now i even got a room where at 11pm there was music pumping through the walls from i don't know where.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or100-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Drinks at the bar,"I had dinner across the road from the Court House hotel and decided to come over to the Court House hotel for a drink. Worst mistake ever!  At the entrance we were met by a withered man who barely responded. After navigating our way to the bar, my guest and I ordered two cocktails, one whisky sour and a Amaretto sour.  The cocktails arrived and to my disgust I wish we had gone elsewhere. They looked like pineapple juice. Both drinks were unpalatable.  I asked for them to be changed, what a huge mistake that was, it got worse.  My advice would be not to come here.  The hotel looks like it has seen better days.  On reflection wish I had gone to the nearest pub for a pint.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or105-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable evening,We went to the cinema in the Courthouse Hotel and we were greeted with a glass of champagne and relaxed in the lounge where you can see the original cells etc The cinema was comfortable and we enjoyed the film Argo  Afterward we had a meal in the adjoining Street Curry restaurant The staff were friendly and helpful assisting us with our choice of food  The menu is varied and different to the usual Indian restaurant It was very tasty and reasonably priced  We had a very enjoyable evening,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or105-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Spa visit  Romancing the stones,Birthday gift for my daughter and myself. Spa doesn’t look very promising as it is crammed into a tiny space in the basement and the pool seems a little murky. However the spa staff were very good and it was the best massage I have ever had. Excellent staff working in challenging conditions. Overall I probably would go again.,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or105-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location and great service,"Come to stay at Courthouse every time I’m in London.  Just a short walk away from anywhere central. The rooms are great and so is the service. Breakfast is amazing, with some super friendly staff members, especially Oksana! Thank you for an enjoyable stay once again!",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or105-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not that great,"Stayed here for one night in March, check in not great the girl was in jeans most unprofessional .The room was average, do not bother with breakfast the room was old windowless and feels like a swimming baths, no hot food waited over 20 min to refill hot food, the tiles are dirty all around the room, not a nice environment to eat ! The only good thing about this hotel is the location",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or105-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Night Out,"Bought a gift card for a 2 course dinner and movie as a birthday present. Food was excellent, staff happy to help, cocktails in the bar very good. The hotel itself has lots to look at with the original holding calls in the bar and the restaurant still situated in the original court room. Roof top bar has a lovely view. Cinema was comfy and thoroughly enjoyed the film. Great present and lovely experience overall",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or110-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Works Christmas Party - BEST PARTY EVER !,"We had our Christmas Party at this hotel December 2018. From start to finish the events staff were excellent. Took care of everything.   Start with the cons ; (only 2 little ones) reception drinks were held in main bar - this caused some issues as public and hotel guests were allowed in and we had a free bar. main hotel reception staff should be made aware that a party is taking place and direct guests to the reception drinks.  Pros; (lots) We had a pre party full on menu tasting which helped us decide on our 3 course meal. The function suite room was delightful, complete with decorations, dance floor and it's own bar. All of the staff were excellent. The cinema screening was faultless with help form the tech guy and even popcorn. We finished with the in house DJ who played all…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or110-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Working trip in Soho,I have been guest of this hotel during a working trip in London Soho. The hotel is in a good position and offer a lot of services. The room are well furnished and silent. The breakfast can be improved. Suggested for families or working trip. ,Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or110-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best hotel in London.,"It’s my third time in this hotel and hopefully not the last one. Best location ever, comfortable rooms, supper friendly staff. I love it! Hotel is location in heart of Soho, between Oxfords and Regent, next to Carabry st. Minute from the tube..",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or110-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Rudely awakened at 08:27,"Having slept at 1AM, I was expecting a good night sleep having paid a significant amount of money for an overnight stay.  I was rudely awakened by the cleaner at 08:27 AM, not a gentle knock on the door but a loud banging knock that was persistent until I opened the door to a cleaner who looked at me ....realising that she has disturbed my sleep, she then uttered “Maybe later?” To which I responded , “Yes, please.”  Utterly appalling and unacceptable hotel experience. Even Travelodge gives a sleep guarantee. I won’t recommend this hotel at all!",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or110-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Tired hotel and the staff need training.,"Great central location, an historic building and good roof top bar BUT unfortunately reception, restaurant and bar staff are uninformed and unhelpful. The breakfast was poor and first day the scrambled eggs were cold. Most of the hot food containers were either empty or very low on supply. Asked for bacon which then took 15 minutes to provide! We could see lots of maintenance issues and the decor is tired in places. There were piles of boxes and stuff in areas which were visible (ie behind the reception desk) - definitely not a five star hotel - sorry. ",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or115-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away with hubby ,"Had a fantastic stay here with Brian. Very modern hotel, all mod cons one would need in the room as well as facilities in the hotel. We spent time at the bar and loved chatting to Adam here! We loved evenings on the rooftop it was chilly but if you wrapped up it was perfect.  Will return ",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or115-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Tea in Indian Street food restaurant.,"This former Magistrates court near Liberty now includes a smart hotel. My friend had been gifted afternoon tea there, so we were surprised to be shown into their cosy Indian Street food restaurant! However it was proper afternoon tea with a glass of champagne. There was an appetizing and attractive  spread with 4 types of sandwiches, delicate scones, macarons, biscuits etc. Excellent and delicious. Our neighbouring table had a tray of Indian food and it looked extremely inviting. Pretty embroidered Indian style cushions and pastel velvet covered chairs. All very attractive. An interesting place so close to the hectic bustle of Regent and Oxford Street.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or115-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Better than last time,"Had a poor experience a couple of years ago and vowed not to return. However we were bought a theater break for Christmas as a gift. We emailed the hotel. They really did try to make amends, upgrading our room and providing complimentary bottle of wine and fruit. The room was nice and quiet. The decor has improved and the hotel is more in keeping with it being a historic court house. Breakfast was also better but poor quality juice, tea and bacon etc. Altogether a much better stay so thank you. Not really 5 star though. 3 at best ",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or115-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great price! Great location!,"Situated just off Oxford Street at the top of Carnaby St is the Courthouse hotel. Loved the location as it’s very central and close to the tube station. Staff were great, very friendly and the room was clean and tidy. The next time we visit London, we will stay here, highly recommend.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or115-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Most unhelpful staff ,"I had to stay 11 nights for work. I picked the place due to location - which was fun but a nightmare to get in and out of in a cab due to roadworks - not their fault.   The staff.... I was looked at like I was asking the world for a 2nd umbrella because it was pouring and their were two of us. Given it but they weren’t happy. Couldn’t answer my query at concierge about food British pub food nearby (assumed this would be a common question), I asked about spa hours and gym they said to go to level one and ask myself. And the train network they googled but left me more confused than ever. Mini bar wasn’t always restocked with water.   The room was tired and has a musty smell. My neighbours in a nearby room were smoking marijuana several nights which drifted in and nothing done.…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or120-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Well, avoid if you can!","Well, we saw lovely pictures on the website, decent reviews on TripAdvisor, nice location in London as we love Shoreditch area, before deciding to book this hotel.   I was in particular after the swimming pool, sauna and steam.  Now where to start really: first the good things: the room size is very big, bathroom is also huge both bath and a walk-in shower, which is a nice touch. A mini fridge in the room (empty, no probs there). Complimentary water bottles for first night, very well done. Our room was clean on arrival, full marks there. Sauna was working as well.   Now, the bits which made me write this review: The rooms were not cleaned after the first night for rest of our stay which was 3 nights and 4 days. We were told they had staff shortages.  However, the staff on the…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or120-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel room, excellent staff service, friendly receptionist",I enjoyed my stay in courthouse hotel but only messed up with water interruption before I check out. not their fault because technical issues happen sometimes. They tried their best to help every guest. Well done.,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or120-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous!,"We stayed in this hotel as I was helping my daughter move into a nearby apartment. We needed parking so had pre booked, firstly we couldn't find the hotel as I'm a country bumpkin, I haven't been to London in about 20 years, the reception staff patiently talked us in, the poor chaps waiting to swiftly park a clean gorgeous car, were in for a surprise when two tired women arrived with a car full of all the rubbish involved in moving house!!!  Again they were patient and courteous and helped us get the car in the lift and park in the basement. Check in was smooth and room lovely, what stood out most for me was how absolutely splendid all the staff were, especially the people who were front of house, nothing was too much trouble, they were chatty, informative and approachable.  I…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or120-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cinema visit,"We enjoyed the film, but won’t rush back for the rest of the experience. We arrived at 19:00 for a 20:00 showing, but it wasn’t really clear where to go.  We milled around and noticed a stand with papers on it - the names and phone numbers for everyone attending!  When someone finally appeared we were checked one by one into the bar and an inclusive glass of mediocre champagne. Luckily we were early enough to get a seat, but it wasn’t particularly comfortable and the music thudded away.... it was actually a relief to leave. The cinema itself was small and comfortable, and a nice way to see the old film. ",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or120-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cinema experience,Booked into hotel as given “cinema experience” as a gift. The lobby is quirky and bar nice. The room however was tired and certainly not 5 star. The bed was comfortable.  The cinema experience was a glass of warm champagne and a fight for a seat where you were able to actually see the screen. Breakfast was 2/3* at best.... wouldn’t return,Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or125-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",****** Afternoon Tea. ******,"I cannot rate the cafe at the hotel highly enough.  Having been let down by a cafe nearby, 4 of us went to The Courthouse and asked if they could salvage our afternoon.  Despite it being 5.30 and their afternoon tea service having finished at 5, they welcomed us in, rearranged their tables, and produced a superb afternoon tea.  As if that wasn't enough, I am vegan and they even managed to magic up a delicious tea for me too.  They couldn't have been more friendly or helpful. Absolutely outstanding and cannot recommend highly enough.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or125-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location,We picked this hotel for its location and price for NYE it was just ideal fo us. Its a beautiful building on the outside and the reception area is also nicely decorated the rooms just need a little update but we were only here for 1 night and we got in late on NYE morning so didn't really stay in the room that long.,Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or125-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",How this hotel maintains a 5* standard I will never know,"The hotel is very dated.  Rooms like like they need a good clean and a revamp.  Shower above the bath in the deluxe king was horrific, the bath was chipped and damaged, and the room stank of smoke.  The pictures on the website are unrecognisable to the rooms we were given.",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or125-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Rude staff and terrible service,"The hotel itself was nice and we had an enjoyable experience in the cinema. However, we ordered room service on the first night and asked for a pepperoni pizza - we instead received a pizza covered in pepper (which wasn't even on the menu). The waiter was apologetic for this and we appreciate that mistakes happen but the level of English spoken by the staff was generally poor.   Our main complaint was that we had paid for breakfast in advance but, on arriving at the restaurant in the morning, were told that it wasn't booked so couldn't have any. The lady serving us was incredibly rude and when we showed her the email that showed '£30 paid for breakfast, 2 adults, no children', she pointed to the no children and said 'no included'. We explained that this was not what the email…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or125-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cinema club & Silks Restaurant,"Cinema Club & cocktails was very good. Food in Silks was also pleasing, what a pity the Supervisor in there was so RUDE and bad mannered! The poor waitress she ordered about did her best, but the Supervisor would do well to learn, you lead staff by good example! Website said 5pm & 8pm cinema times. We actually went in at 5.30. Staff said we'll change your dinner reservation from 7pm to 7.45 as film will finish at 7.30. It finished at 7pm. Get your communication sorted.  After complaint to duty manager we finally saw the restaurant manager, who was charming.  The hotel has a delightful wealth of history, but staff training leaves such a lot to question & my group of friends and I will not be returning any time soon. A disappointing evening.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or130-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Toy Roof London mouses running around ,Don’t go to this place. Service is horrible. Management is horrible and in bonus you get mice running around which is normal to the staff members and management team.  We went upstairs on 6th floor where Toy Roof London is based and ordered food and drinks and shisha. As soon we spotted mice we called member of staff to sort things out or do something about it. The first thing what member if staff said was “oh there are few of them”.  They called manager which on 02/02/2019 named himself as Bruno came over. He didn’t apologise nor do anything about it as nobody of us would eat food after seeing mice. They told that “it’s normal” and said “ you can write your review where you want” and turned around and went away. He didn’t even care about customer service and hospitality at all…,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or130-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Prime Location! Cute Building!,The Courthouse Hotel provided me with a great stay during a short business trip to London this past weekend! The location was prime for my meetings in central London and the architecture of the building was definitely a highlight! Will be back!,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or130-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"My wife and I were bought a champagne afternoon tea as a present. I'm afraid to say we found it a very disappointing experience. We were in a wooden panelled room that had zero ambience. There was no music playing and it felt like we'd walked into a library. The food was terrible. Soggy sandwiches that looked like they'd been made two days earlier, scones and lemon cakes that were rock hard, my tea came in a chipped tea pot. We actually asked for our voucher back (not sure if we can exchange it, need to have that conversation with Virgin Experiences) and left most of the food. Very disappointed, especially as we'd taken time off work and planned it as part of a special day. ",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or130-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutely brilliant location ,  character hotel , staff can not do enough , customer service is fantastic . ","Brilliant location Opposite  carnaby street , breakfast bar room is old magistrates court , bar area old cells , we stayed in room 521 see pic , beautiful room lots of room , bed comfy and luxurious. Staff in hotel helpful nothing too much trouble . Veselina customer service manager extremely helpful and goes above and beyond to ensure your experience and stay at the hotel is 5 star . Will definitely return . ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or130-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",trip to go and see a show in london courthouse hotel,we had a twin room a shower and bath in one it was very clean in they you can check in early if you want to a lift to go up in your roooms staff were friendly   and a full english breakfast it costs £22 / 50 per person,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or135-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea visit ,After reading some of the reviews I was worried about my booking. We were due to have tea in the Carnaby room but due to work taking place in there we went in the room where they served the Indian afternoon tea. It was well decorated and staff were friendly. No problems with service and food was delicious. Great value for money. ,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or135-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Warm friendly welcome and was able to check in early which was appreciated, soon was lovely but we were opposite building works going on and was woken 7am Saturday morning (they were gone by 7pm that evening) room was nicely equipped but as a couple of tea and coffee Holics we needed more which a puzzled lady bought to our room shortly later. Loved the fact we had sky in the room. Show and both both great, cosy beds. Breakfast was not worth the money paid, Rock hard bacon, my friend was served cold coffee and our second morning no tea or coffee offered. Pastries and fruit were nice, watered down apple juice too :( upon check out was told all was fine and £50 deposit would be sent back, then half hour later was told I needed to pay an extra £60 towards the Room, booked on…",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or135-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fab location but that’s about all ,"Brilliant location right by liberty’s. Unimpressive reception , bit like an airport waiting area . Small spa and gym , tiny pool disgusting condition looked filthy with a strange glass cabin  suspended over the water covered in mold - in my opinion it should be closed wouldn’t allow kids anywhere near it   .  Rooms a good size big comfy beds , nice bed linen thin cheap pillows . Bathroom clean and looked newly refurbished which was a bonus although when you put bathroom light on in the night it lit up the bedroom too which woke my husband very irritating . Filthy carpets need replacing marks all over  it . I have enclosed a photo of filthy net curtains alongside very white black outs just horrid didn’t want to touch them .  Kids room stank of cigarettes in bathroom - a smoke…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or135-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Truly awful,"Stayed because I was working next door. The breakfast was cold, the hotel itself is tired and shabby and generally is run down. Room wasn't serviced while I was out and when I asked for more coffee to be brought to the room it failed to show.   Stayed the year before for the same reason and had to move rooms as the door didn't lock. Again the room wasn't serviced. My husband was still charged for costs relating to the old room even though we hadn't used it and it took weeks to sort a refund.  Worst of all this time I accidentally left my expensive hair straighteners in the room when I checked out. Went back a couple of hours later and they were gone. Manager laughed when he told me. Have asked for an explanation but no one is interested. The management do not seem to care about…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or135-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",New year visit too restaurant at lunchtime not as expected,Had a group on for three course lunch booked for new year eve midday thought I was in for a five star experience with my daughter two waitresses not dressed very well mismatched black outfits I noticed the chairs did not match looked like they had been shopping around not dressed tables gave us menu I said what is soup of day stunned silence don't no she said had too wait for her too find out  it was  vegetable but what came up was green blended don't no what no taste chicken fillets main course one was Turkey very dry  overcooked I asked for mango b r u l e e  for desert I like the crunchy toppling got a custard no topping two BlackBerry on top not a five star experience may daughters  meal was not much better curry with no plate too put it on just two bowls  Apple crumble not…,Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or140-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not Great,"Stayed here for New Years Eve.  Room was ok but outside the room it constantly smelt like someone had been smoking.  Carpet was very sticky and had to wear shoes as feet sticking to it.  Breakfast was served to the room cold, without cloche or any covering on the plate and it’s the first time I’ve had hard poached eggs.  Receptionist didn’t seem to care.  Would not stay again.",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or140-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A huge dissapointment,"Had visited this hotel three times. My first time was such a commendable expirience that I had decided to visit the hotel again. The second time was also a good stay, which is why I had decided to visit London and stay at this establishment. What a mistake! I believe it had a change of management, other wise the down turn in the up keep of the placce, the change in the breakfast (for worse), and furniture replacement in the breakfast room can't be explained. My family were in London in November, but the hotel had no unalergic blankets or douvet, as a result my wife and I had to sleep with only bed sheets as cover. During previous stay we had requested electric plugs adaptors (from European to Uk), but amazingly the concierge told me to go out to buy one at a small kiosk nearby.…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or140-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS,"Hi  I booked this hotel in December 2018 based on the reviews online and the general presentation of the website and more importantly it advertised itself as a 5 star hotel.  This is not the case!!!! This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at and it certainly is far from being a 5 star hotel.  It is very dated, the bedding had coffee stains on it, the shower has zero pressure and the air con doesnt work.  AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS AND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NON EXISTENT.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or140-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Dump! Dirty, worn out, uninviting, unfriendly and not interested ","DO NOT STAY HERE We’re here for one night thank God! It is the rattiest place in central London I have ever stayed in. Carpet filthy, we asked to be moved because first room was filthy and had had someone in the room prior!  The concierge looked and dressed like a two bit salesman! Receptionist was unfriendly and had no sense of customer service! In fact, it was dreadful! We normally stay at The Ruben’s but they were packed out, imagine that! Awful awful awful ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or140-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced and very bad experience due to noise from function,"Have stayed here before and although expensive, it is in a good location directly opposite Carnaby Street.   However, this isn’t a 5 star hotel. It is an OK hotel, but nowhere up to the standard of a 5 star hotel.   I don’t usually like to write negative reviews but our most recent stay at the end of October was very poor indeed. We had a £350 room for three people. The extra bed for our daughter was basically a poor,small sofa bed, hardly what you would expect for a ‘5 star’ hotel. Id assumed it would be a single.   Worst of all, they had hired out the basement for a 21st with bass and booming music keeping us awake until gone 1am. Initially they said it would stop at midnight which was basically a lie and they couldn’t move us as the hotel was full.   When I say the music was…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or145-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great rooms, fantastic service in great location","Hi, We had 16 rooms here for our annual Xmas trip out. All the Hotel staff but particularly Jovinder, made our stay excellent and extended a warm welcome to us all. The rooms are very spacious, well equipped and immaculate. Learn a little about the history of the hotel and have a peak or try out the remaining cells! Only suggestion I have for the Hotel is to have a look at the external signs. Apart from the grand facade being a clue on arrival we weren’t sure if we’d arrived!",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or145-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",From kuwait,The hotel in very good place near to everything I stayed fir 11 nights the reception ppl are so kind and helpful.. I recommend this hotel 5 starts .. service is awesome ...... thanks to the reception guy Elias ;) ,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or145-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location!,"First off, the location is brilliant. A few mins from Oxford Street and easy walk to most city highlights. The hotel is a bit run down. There’s nothing special about the rooms and they are definitely old and need a good refresh. The bed is comfy, bathroom is large. Staff were not friendly either. If it wasn’t for the location I would have been quiet unhappy.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or145-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Awful hotel, indifferent staff, filthy room - and all complaints have been ignored","We chose to stay the night having been given vouchers for the cinema and dinner in the Silk restaurant, both of which were OK. The room however was a disgrace. The carpet was dirty and threadbare, the bathroom floor filthy and the wall had holes in the tiles. The shower fitting above the bath was broken and unusable. When we complained at the front desk the staff were indifferent and a subsequent letter of complaint to the hotel manager has been completely ignored. Stay here at your peril !",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or145-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and a central location,"The hotel while comfortable, looks a bit tired, and tends to be a bit dark. The hotel has a wonderful history of being one of the first courthouses in London, but it needs some updating. My room on the first floor was clean and somewhat comfortable, but the carpet could use a deep clean. The room had a king size bed that was relatively basic (no pillow top mattress), and a queen size duvet on it. There was no inside security lock on the door which made me a little uncomfortable being a woman staying by myself. My room was next to the alley which was quite noisy at night with people talking/yelling throughout the night. (A room on a higher floor might have helped.) The lobby has lots of comfortable seating for guests, but the decor is dated, and the room is a bit dark and gloomy.…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or150-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Ok stay, great location!","Stayed with a friend at this hotel. Room ok, minimal towels in room. Room clean but definitely not 5* hotel. Breakfast was ok, tables we sat at were wobbly which was extremely annoying. No soya milk available but the staff did give us oat milk which was ok. Minimal assistance during hotel stay and would put this hotel in same category as premier Inn. For the money we paid we were happy but plenty of other hotels near Oxford Circus for the same price or little bit more would have suited us better. Overall hotel ok.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or150-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not 5* - Avoid the food,"Great location. Central to many of London's attractions and a few minutes walk from the nearest tube station. The room was well appointed, modern, comfortable and warm with proper black-out curtains for a very restful night's sleep. No better than many premier Inns though.  The staff and the food were another story entirely.  In a good 5* hotel, I expect the hotel to pay more for their staff and invest in them, to keep them and develop them into a great team, to give their guests a great experience. It certainly wasn't a relaxing welcome or breakfast experience. The impression I got at the Courthouse, was that the hotel was paying minimum wage to get bodies in who could try to do the best job they could - or 2 jobs at once as they all seemed to be desperately trying to do more…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or150-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight Stay,"We had stayed at this hotel last year and enjoyed it, but this year was complete opposite. We went to get a glass from the cabinet and found chocolate dripped all down the cabinet door and on the carpet. When I lifted the duvet to get in bed there was more chocolate on the bed sheet. If we has not been so exhausted we would have complained. Luckily my sister carries antiseptic wipes and we were able to clean the mess up. We will not be staying here again.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or150-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Stylish,"The hotel is very stylish and looks great when you walk in. The staff are very friendly when you book in and helpful. The rooms are very clean and stylish and have everything you could ever need, even Sky TV and a large TV. The food at the event was very nice, but was not as hot as I expected. Breakfast again, the food and choice was great just not very hot. ",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or150-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea 🐀🐁,This is my first bad review  I visited the courthouse for afternoon tea with 4 friends   Walk in to a modern hotel lobby and are then taken into a panelled room with tables laid. It was 4pm and their were no other guests dining. We asked to sit is a booth type table but were told they were booked  Fizz (not champagne) was served and then sandwiches were brought out.  The bread was hard so we send those sandwiches back and were given the cakes to start while we waited for the sandwiches   The cakes were ok and when the fresh sandwiches arrived they were also ok   However half way through the tea one of the ladies thought she saw a mouse 🐁   We laughed it off but then a few minutes later another lady saw one. The mice were running in the booth seating  We looked at where the mice…,Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or155-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","At best a 3 star hotel - Absolute rubbish, especially for the amount of money","This place lives only off its location.  Room in absolute state of disrepair: Paint comming off the ceilings, lights in several parts of the room not working, TV not working, open electricity sockets, holes from drilling in the walls, carpets with stains all over, etc. Bathroom dirty: first thing that greated me was a long black hair in the bathtub - nice. Breakfast: stale bread, sausages and bacon not eddible, minimum service View from room: barbed wire Security going up to rooms: none.  My advice: avoid this overprived dump, there are so many decent hotels in central London at the same price.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or155-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea - meh!,"Just don’t go there unless you wish for the ambience of a 1960s British Rail waiting room, tea as weak as gnat’s pee, floppy egg mayo “finger sandwiches”, cakes made with all the skill of Mr Kipling, and sullen service. Oh, and we loved having a drink knocked over one of us by a waitress too. Tiny, hard as nails scones... and you do have to pay for all this loveliness of course.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or155-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,Scones nice Champagne good  Strange experience  Fab court house but not suited to tea experience as room lacked ambience  Tables white cloth with red cloth over the top  Not a treat really felt that it was not special or romantic  Felt like I'd sat in waiting room  Odd,Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or155-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Champagne tea,The actual courthouse turned into a little restaurant with some of the original features still there. The restaurant was well laid out and the food was of excellent standard. Will certainly be going back again.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or155-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Nice location, but much noise and other stuff","The hotel has the perfect location next to carnaby street. But, stay away from the 5th floor!!!! They have a rooftop bar that makes the ceiling in the rooms rumble.. sooo much noise until midnight.. cant believe they acutally have rooms directly under.. There was also trouble with the TV and we excperienced twice that customers were given rooms that was occupied.  To bad, because the location is beautiful and it was our second stay.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or160-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not a 5*,"No way should this hotel be rated 5* We booked a deluxe KIng room, I would have rated this room 2-3* quality, when we arrived at our room, we discovered one of the lounge chairs has felt tip scribble on it, my husband had to refix the bath panel back to the bath, when we used the shower it leaked onto the floor, even worse was when I went to use the Jacuzzi bath , black particles were shooting out the jets, just awful.The tv wire was stuck onto the fire place with black tape.  My husband brushed against the bedroom wall and was covered in dust, not an exaggeration.  Door ways and skirting scuffed. I could go on. The lobby and landing areas all looked well kept, unfortunately it’s where guest use that are not being kept well at all. We then went to use the spa facilities which…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or160-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nice room, good shower","Room 204, good size, good facilities. Excellent location, helpful concierge No information available about pool opening hours - it opens at 10am. There was a lot of noise from the street so that combined with rubbish pillows meant poor sleep experience. I would return, but would ask for a room that faces away from street.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or160-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lost and found,"Watch after your bellongings,look twice after you leave the room because the staff steal !!! I tried to talk to hotel manager and they’ve promised to find the jacket that was left in the room but after 5 months of waiting nothing happened! I woul never recommand this hotel !!!",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or160-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Short business visit,Great location for short business visit. After business things it is easy to enjoy Londen.  The facilities at the hotel are good!  The rooms are complete and clean. The service is great. There are old jail blocks in the bar that is looking good.,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or160-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Sad & tired,"Never 5 star and certainly not luxury as hotel describes.Shabby with snag list as long as your arm.Pool opening at 10 am was pointless as wanted to go and explore for day.Unable to locate reservation ,put in a room that was completely underwhelming, inappropriate and frankly disappointing, we were kindly moved to nice room.Still shabby with dirty curtains, dusty and smelly complimentary water.Over all needs massive injection of money and love to bring this up to advertised rating.Utterly sad and disappointed which is reflected on the staff.Location however is spot on.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or165-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great History and sadly facilities are OLD,"As we were celebrating Special wedding anniversary and ‘s performance made us choose the Hotel. There were promises made prior to our stay to make our Stay Special. Check In was problematic as they could not find our booking. After showing them emails exchanged they checked us in BUT the rooms were not what we were promised. When I pointed out to them that we were celebrating our Special Wedding anniversary they enquired about the exact date which was next day. We were assured of some kind of Special Treatment, however, that never materialised. Further emails promised actions from the General Manager and that never happened.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or165-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, poor hotel","The hotel is based on Great Marlborough Street, almost directly opposite Carnaby Street and Liberty. The location is ideal for shopping and the London Palladium. That's where the benefits of this hotel stop.  We travelled for business mid-week. Check-in was slow and clunky, taking 20 minutes overall for two people. Upon reaching her room, my colleague realised the room was double-booked- she was given a key when somebody else was in the room. She only noticed when she saw car keys, clothes etc in the room. For women travelling by themselves for work, this safety/security breach was not reassuring. She was given an alternative room by reception only to find her key didn't work. Overall, it took her about 45 minutes to get into her room when we were on a tight timeframe for an…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or165-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location!,"What a lovely stylish and contemporary hotel with an interesting history, which has been  very well incorporated into it's design. My husband and I stayed here for two nights. The room was a nice size and warm, ample cupboard space. Spacious clean bathroom. Large comfortable bed. We will be staying here again and would definitely recommend it. We would like to take this opportunity to thank all the staff. We had a fabulous time.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or165-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Quirky hotel in centre of London..perfect for shows and shopping,I stayed here with a friend for a show at the Palladium.  Room was great and location perfect.  Jailhouse bar with cells was nice unusual place to enjoy a drink.  Would recommend 100%.  Breakfast was good and the staff were super friendly. Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or165-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location and poor room services,"Good things; Location in shopping area. free Wifi is perfect., Swimming pool is warm and open till 7 pm. Spacious room but not as mentioned in the online description & friendly staff.  As 5 stars hoteI, Bathroom toiletries was not as expected. No Cotton Ear Buds, Face Towel or Cotton Make up remover are provided. Tooth Brush and Toothpaste was provided once till we asked for another on the third day. No free bottle of water is provided daily as happens in other 4 stars hotels!!! As a whole, I was not satisfied with the room service as well.  Breakfast is good but limited not as expected.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or170-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible front desk experience,"I booked a room for the day ahead of my arrival to guarantee an early check-in. I then called the hotel to have a note put in the reservation that I would be arriving the following morning and only booked the night before to guarantee early check in. The hotel then proceeded to tell me I would have to call the next day (while in flight!?!) to talk to reservations because they were not in at this time. After I re-explained I already had the reservation and only needed a note about the early check-in, he told me they would not guarantee early check-in without me booking in advance! I finally got him to transfer me to someone that spoke better English and that person put the note in. Unfortunately, my trip was then cut short, so I had to check out a day early. I called to explain I…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or170-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, tired rooms","I was upgraded to a superior room which was big but poorly equipped. TV didnt work, no plugs available, shower not working properly, tepid water, no iron...not great for £250 a night. I was only using it to crash out but if I was staying longer I'd be very disappointed. Obviously the very convenient soho/carnaby location has a price.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or170-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awful... This Hotel Is NOT 5 Star,"AVOID THIS HOTEL The room was shabby, dirty, ill-equipped, & I was able to feel the springs in the bed through the mattress.  The only place to dry my hair was in the mirror situated in the ‘corridor’ leading to the door & the only place to put my makeup on was in the mirror in the bathroom, the bulb above did not work & the paint on the ceiling is peeling away profusely.  There was no power to some of the sockets & the wardrobe surrounds the bed, meaning access to a ‘bedside table’ is impossible without getting out of bed. The inside of the wardrobe smells, there was a leak that came up through the floor tiles in the bathroom & all in all it felt like a grubby bedsit. I placed my makeup & brushes next to the sink as this was the only place it could be put... the following day…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or170-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Japanese Afternoon Tea at Silk Restaurant,"We went for Japanese Afternoon Tea, which cost £ 29.50 per person. The hotel seemed very dark and absolutely deserted with no guest. We were the only customer at the Silk Restaurant on weekday afternoon at the end of October. Service was not bad, however, What we ate, we cannot call them as “ Japanese Foods” It is definitely overpriced, and not at all good quality despite the hotel is supposed to be 5 star. We went there with a voucher which was given to us a gift, but we could not enjoy anything we had. “Japanese Afternoon Tea” sounds nice, but do not get fooled into. It definitely is not worth paying that amount, Silk Restaurant itself is interesting as it is the former court, but everything looked very old, not at all fashionable. Definitely do not recommend this restaurant.",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or170-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",No where near a 5* hotel.,"We booked this hotel online and then found that it was through Secret Escapes and we thought that that was certainly a bonus.  We were absolutely staggered to find out that the hotel had been rated 5* when in reality it would be very lucky to be even rated a 4*.  When we entered the lobby we were very impressed and the reception staff were polite. We were allocated a room on the second floor which on first view was a decent size with a large, and very comfortable, double bed. It was then that a few negative points arrived.  The carpet was dirty, the contents of the fridge expensive and there was no iron or ironing board which you would expect to get in a 5* hotel.  There was the usual toiletries but they were not of a known brand and weren’t very good.  The buffet breakfast was…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or175-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Items stolen from hotel room,My wife stayed here for a weekend away with friends and had her £150 kindle stolen from the hotel room . The reception checked house keeping but said it had not been found . 2 books were downloaded the next day from the staff member who stole the kindle . The hotel didn’t seem to care . Very disappointing. Never stay in this hotel as the staff are dishonest.,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or175-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",In the heart of London ,"This is a favourite hotel of ours. It’s location is in the heart of London, opposite Liberty’s, Carnaby Street and within 2-3 minutes of anything is perfect. We come here as they have rooms where you can smoke in which are few and far between now.  We stay in a suite and it suits our needs.  Would highly recommend.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or175-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasure visit,We had a wonderful time in London celebrating my partner’s birthday. The hotel is in a convenient location with friendly staff and spacious room. I highly recommend the place if you want to be near shopping area and enjoy the night out at the same time.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or175-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Customer service is a joke,For 3 weeks I’ve been trying to book a virgin experience day champagne afternoon tea. It took staff a week to write a response. I sent them my voucher information twice and I still had to chase them for a response! I was then asked to provide proof that I’d sent my voucher information as ‘they didn’t have any emails from me’. I forwarded the emails containing the needed information which were sent on the 11th and 19th to then be told that they were fully booked and I should have replied sooner despite them telling me on the 19th that they had my date available!! I’ve now got a voucher for afternoon tea which is useless to me due to the absolutely shocking customer service provided by this hotel! What a waste of my money!! Perhaps management should take action on the many…,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or175-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing!,This hotel really doesn’t merit 5 stars at all. Our room was one of the smallest I’ve ever stayed in and was very basic. The buffet breakfast was luke warm and very overpriced.  Very poor value for money & a thoroughly disappointing experience.,Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or180-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting.,"Stayed one night here, Its not well signposted and the cabbie had to point out where it was.  It does have the name on the mat as you go in so that helped. The reception was comfortable and had some unusual seating and other furniture.  The receptionists were very helpful but they had quite strong accents and it was sometimes hard to understand what was being said.  Our room was on the second floor and had a rubbish view, we would have preferred one facing the opposite street of Carnaby street, although I guess this could have been quite noisy.  The hotel retains three cells of the original courthouse which you can sit in and have nibbles and a drinks which is quite quirky.   Our room was large and comfortable, the bed was huge,! The bathroom was well decorated and had bath and…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or180-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location ,"Fabulous location. Bed was comfortable, room was clean and plenty big enough for two. I figure I was paying for a great location. Close to Liberty London, Carnaby St, Oxford & Regent St’s. Lots of restaurants nearby so didn’t need room service. Tesco close by and a fridge in the room. Bathroom as clean and shampoo, conditioner etc provided. ",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or180-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",5 Star ?,"Having stayed at this hotel for the weekend, I have to point out that the only 5 Star things about this hotel are the prices and the location. £390 for two nights in a tiny double room where the beds are just springs virtually poking through, view of the neighbouring roof!!!! Premier Inn hotel rooms are bigger.  £9 for two coffees and £24 for an English Breakfast!!!! Enough said. ",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or180-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible state of the hotel as well as arrogant and rude staff.,"We stayed 5 nights at the hotel from a couple of weeks ago. The hotel is well located in London, but unfortunately there is no more positive to say.  Never have I stayed in more broken and unclean rooms. The walls were dirty, the furniture was broken and half of the lamps did not work.  But the worst thing must be that in the middle of our stay we got a shoebox and a bag removed/taken/thrown out from our room, both with valuable content.  I contacted the front desk who said they would handle it. After waiting for a couple of hours without reply, I contacted again, this time to talk to the same but a very rude employee who said he had looked and he could not find my belongings.  I asked him to take it up with the manager, which he promised me he would - But I didn't hear anything…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or180-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",I would have to be paid to stay at this hotel again,"This hotel is most definitely not 5*.  There are none of the features of a 5* hotel that you would expect, except the price charged!  There was no doorman, and security was non-existent.  People frequently wandered in off the street, walked through to staff areas, chatted to staff, then wandered out again.  There was no offer of help with our bags. The room was dingy, no hot water supply to the wash basin, no lighting for the bathroom mirror and no hotel information in the room. To use the hairdryer I had to open the wardrobe door to use the mirror on it, and plug the dryer in by the entry door, as there were no points near a mirror.  The heating didn't work, nor the safe as the battery was too low.  In the bar, we paid for drinks, only to wait nearly 20 minutes for them while…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or185-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs!,"We stayed at this hotel recently and to say we were disappointed would be an understatement! The hotel is in a great location with traditional decor but that's where the good bits stop.  The carpet in the room was badly stained, the shower holder was broken, bulbs missing from lights, paint flakey and fallen from the bathroom ceiling, you could feel the springs through the mattress etc.  Then to breakfast! No cups, no glasses, no orange juice, cold food, when asked for butter got told they had run out. I ordered fried eggs and after chasing twice turned up 30 mins later. When asking staff for cups and glasses got told that there was only one person cleaning and doing washing up and I had to wait. When asked about orange juice again got told to wait and none of it was her fault…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or185-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs,"Visited toy bar on the roof , we loved the setting and the chilled atmosphere - it was busy and we could only get 4 stools at the bar - then we quickly realised we were not the customers required ... we were 4 ladies-  good fun and well heeled ,,, but the bar staff quickly wrote us off - paid us no attention did not serve us and some rude barman said why are you sighing I am busy and will get to you after I’ve served others - he was insultingly rude. We are as well off as the younger clientele drinking £170 plus bottles of Moët ! You need to sort it out ‘! The door man was fun and kind - the only nice person there !!! Lighten up toy bar - you are only as good as your clientele !",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or185-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not really 5*!,"The hotel location is excellent (20 meters from Carnaby st., 100 m from Oxford Circus). Rooms and bathrooms (room 605) are large, but do not offer the 5* ""spoiling facilities"" (ex. - seating area, poor toiletries choice) or luxury. Bathroom needs an urgent refurbishment... The breakfast room is ugly, without windows; the choice at breakfast is very poor. Having other eggs than scrambled needs a special request, implying a long delay. Minibar does not offer any alcoholic drinks, not even beer. Overall a poor value for money.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or185-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel,This was an average hotel. Location is great. Breakfast was below average and the coffee was very bad! Room was  I will probably stay at another hotel next time. I consider this a 3/4 hotel. and not a 5 star as stated on their internet page. ,Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or185-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne cream tea,"Me and my husband had a lovely dining experience at your hotel, the scones were amazing, lovely and warm. There was plenty of food. The staff were very helpful. I would recommend to my friends and family and would love to visit again.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or190-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid!,"~Avoid at all costs -   Arrived at 6pm, was given a special room (according to on site staff)  Entered room, light flickering in bathroom, had to take out and leave on fireplace - no bulb in bed side table, as I left hotel advised concierge and asked them to fix, Arrived back at 11pm and nothing was fixed, bulb still sitting on fireplace.. Additional for room, it was tired and you could see some decay - I assume we was put in one of the older rooms-   Arrived back in room at 11, the noise was so unbearable I had to call down at 2:30am to complain, from lorry's outside unloading to the bikes playing loud music. To people shouting and screaming.   When I called down at 2:30, the person was apologetic and said he would go out and ask the lorry to switch off engine (they didn't and…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or190-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great position lacks attention to detail,"For the price and for their claims, I expected better. It's a fab premises with lots of features from its time as the Magistrate's Court (Mick Jagger, Oscar Wilde, John Lennon etc) but the bedrooms disappoint. I expect all the lights to work. 2 had broken bulbs so we couldn't read or use the dressing table. I expect the ceiling paint not to drop into the bath water. The concierge was ""sorry"" but could do nothing to put it right... hmm.",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or190-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea,"Christmas gift of afternoon tea at The courthouse Hotel. nice room. Attention from staff was good and the concierge was particularly helpful in showing us where to go. The sandwiches were tasty, two scones - one plain and one fruit were tasty, plain one was nicer though. Lovely clotted cream but could have chosen a better jam selection and brand. Cakes were not as good as they looked. However, overall it was a lovely afternoon.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or190-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"Would be a 4* in my opinion. Spa was dated, sauna falling apart. All wet roomed areas of hotel look to have been refurbished recently and look good.  Mattress was so poor and springy, had to have room changed. Same in second room. Premier inn have comfier beds. This place is nicer decor though. Agree with other reviews, rooms a little dated, stained carpets and chipped wood furniture. Staff were OK apart from the meathead concierge who tried staring me down when I said room was below minimum expectations. Needless to say he didn’t win ",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or190-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous Champagne Afternoon Tea,"On arrival we were greeted by a lovely waitress who let us choose our table. The hotel is lovely. She immediately brought us water and took our orders for the drinks we would like with our afternoon tea. Our champagne arrived very quickly. The food was brought over as we finished our champagne and our pots of tea quickly followed. The sandwiches were fresh, tasty and plentiful. The homemade scones, chocolate mousse, shortbread, macaroons and all of the other sweet treats were delicious. The waitress was very attentive and professional. We could not fault the afternoon tea and would highly recommend it. Thank you to our waitress for making it a wonderful experience. We will be back.  .",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or195-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Toy Roof Review,"Never even got a drink. Sat on a half empty rooftop for about 10 minutes waiting to see the table service guy, he must have walked past us 7 or 8 times and just blanked us.... So I went to the bar to order, where I was told it was table service and they would come over.... 5 minutes later we walked out. Terrible staff who look like they are on something. Stay away. Ps the view isn't anything special either and the drink prices on the menu are really high.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or195-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Only thing good about this hotel, is the location!!","Really disappointing... approached a girl on reception who was on the phone. Smiled at her. She gave me a dirty look and turned her back to me and just left me waiting. No acknowledgement to me. Waited untill another staff member came so I could check in.  The room was nothing special and it was quite dirty. Lots of stains on the carpet, markings on the wall.  The hair dryer in the room keeps cutting Out after 30 seconds then have to wait another 5 mins for it to come back on for its 30 seconds. Asked a lady at reception about this, she said someone will bring me another hairdryer up. One never came.  Walls are paper thin also can hear the neighbouring rooms continuously and the room was quite dark with the lights on, making it hard to get ready etc. The atmosphere from the…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or195-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"I had a gift voucher for afternoon tea at this hotel and was looking forward to it very much. I've had afternoon tea at many London hotels and it's all about the experience. On arrival there's no welcome whatsoever. We approached a very sullen looking waitress who told us to find a seat. The first table we chose was so wobbly we moved to a recently vacated table but was quickly told it would take too long to get ready so we chose another. Third time lucky. I can't fault the food but the service is awful. It was afternoon tea and they forgot to bring our tea. We had to ask for it, we'd eaten our sandwiches and was hoping to have tea to go with the cake! Another couple had to ask for their food! There was no offer of a refill of hot drinks,no checking to ask if everything was…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or195-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",disapointed,"On arrival was advised we had been upgraded to a better room, thankyou !!, however, room had tired décor, paint peeling off the bathroom ceiling, and a door with a delayed action 'bang' after closing.  Went to the theatre and when we came back thought we would have a drink of the rooftop bar - sadly no - closes at 10.00PM !!!. Went down to the 'cells' bar, one poor chap run ragged. Breakfast £22.50 per head for a really luke warm buffet style - poor.  Great location, what a shame they could no do better",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or195-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing location; great customer service,"First time here and will definitely come back. The manager, Agnelo, and his staff will make sure to make you feel like home. The hotel is located in the middle of bars and restaurants, great atmosphere just minutes away. The rooms are spotless and very well designed. Inside the hotel, they have an amazing rooftop with the best view of the city. The pool, hot tub, and bar are just unbelievable. I will definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting London.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or200-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing staff!!! ,"Went to the toy roof for my sisters birthday with a group of 14!  Upon arrival (although we were 30’mins late) we was greeted by Tina who gave us a polite reminder that we were late, however explained that they will try accommodate us all (WHICH THEY DID)   It was a Saturday night (& very busy) the atmosphere was lovely! We ordered some drinks whilst waiting for our group of friends to arrive, we were informed that they have a maximum 2Hr stay. (Which made us feel nervous as we thought half of the group hasn’t arrived yet. No ones eaten, had drinks etc etc.   As the group whole slowly arrived and we all had some nibbles, cocktails, shisha! We came to realise that our two hour was almost up!   We hadn’t cut our cake and 3 guests arrived almost 30 mins ago??? :/   So, I went over…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or200-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nightmare,"We dined at the Carnaby restaurant in this hotel, Service did not exist waited over a hour for food to be served, People were complaining and walking out.  When staff asked were food was, the reply was they did not know. Asked to speak to manager and no one arrived was going to theatre so did not have time to wait. Would not recommend this restaurant to anybody..",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or200-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Pleased with our stay,I was very worried about staying at this hotel after reading some of the reviews and almost cancelled. So pleased I decided to give The Courthouse Hotel a try.  I  don't think it is a 5* hotel  but it does not charge 5* prices.  The location is great.  The entrance is a bit lack lustre and could do with an upgrade.  We arrived just before 2pm and were checked in quickly by a very pleasant male check in clerk.  To get to your room you pass through a comfy lounge. The lifts are speedy with little or no waiting.  Our room was clean and well furnished. It had a good sized TV with Sky and a fridge/mini bar.. Plenty of hanging and draw space.  The bed was large and comfy and the bedding very clean. Blackout curtains are provided behind the voile curtain.  The bathroom was large and…,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or200-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great central hotel,Really great few days spent in this hotel. The staff are so friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the beds extremely comfortable just what you want after a day sightseeing. Very handy for seeing a show at the London Palladium. Will definitely go back to this hotel.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or200-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Never stayed in a worse hotel,"Terrible! Lukewarm welcome on arrival, rude concierge, appalling room  My room had tired decor, poor lighting, terrible sound insulation (beware the street below is noisy 24/7), bathroom door would not close, windows would not open, faulty air con   Buffet breakfast at a 5 * hotel! Unbelievable but true. Hard scrambled eggs, barely cooked sausages, no orange juice, it was the pits  Do not stay!",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or205-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - awful service,"Let me start by saying this hotel is in a great location and is perfectly placed just off Regent St. The hotel does have a quaint touch to it given it is situatated in an old court building and has some of the holding cells preserved complete with artwork to depict stars of the past who have been held there, I'm afraid once you get past these aspects of the hotel the rest goes downhill at a rate of knots, I was seemingly ' upgraded ' to a better room which was quiet and I did enjoy a good night's sleep however the paint was falling off the bathroom ceiling in sheets. I ordered an iron & ironing board which arrived quite promptly however when I came to use it there were sparks coming out of the iron itself and there were bare wires on the flex. It took 5 phone calls to front desk…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or205-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",SHOCKING DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL,Travelling with corporate there was a pre paid meal on my booking of a three course set menu... I arrive at check in and go to my room... It’s not too bad but not 5*! I’ve stayed in 5* and this wouldn’t make 4... Do I travel down for food and I’m told by the server who has literally no personality that I am only allowed a two course meal! I had 4 choices for main and even less for starter and dessert!! The food was awful and I could mostly eat none of what was on the menu! I ordered the fish and when it was set in front of me the grease actually dropped on to the table! Do not even look at this abombanation,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or205-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of staying here,"I stayed here due to location and overall reviews. I spent 3 nights here last week. Where do i start? Slow rude staff on reception. Scruffy staff. No answer on phone when you called. Breakfast doesnt start until 7 - perfect for my early flight out of Heathrow. Bedrooms were more like a youth hostel - from what I can remember! Bar was shabby. Overall I would never give this place a 2 star rating. Beware of staying here. It really is very, very poor.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or205-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ok is the best I can say ,"Ok.....so......where the heck do I start!   I wanted to take my wife into London for her birthday. I had things booked to do in soho so this was an ideal location. On the website the hotel seemed to have everything.....cinema, restaurant, bar, spa, swimming pool. It looked good!   So I booked, I paid £255 for one night through hotel.com , this included breakfast.   Ok I so I've been to a lot of posh 5 star hotels around the world. I blog a lot and like to share my experience. Now I'm not snooty or stuck up and expect everyone to fall at my feet when I walk into a 5 star hotel.....I'm pretty open minded and like to see the positives in things, rather than the negatives. BUT.....I do expect good customer service, no matter what star rating it has. This is not a 5 star hotel. I am…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or205-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Is it possible to give MINUS STARS???,"Appalling hotel!! Absolutely disgusting.. I don’t know where to begin from. Waiting in the hotel lobby in the afternoon for a friend, I was made a pass by a very suspicious middle aged south asian man who asked if I was single & looking for company!!! What type of a shady hotel is this??? When I complained to the staff at the desk, he just gave me a smirk and walked away. Pretty sure the hotel is involved in this type of unethical work. The room carpets were stained and dirty, and the breakfast was the worst I’ve had in Britain ever. The staff was very indifferent to my needs, and overall I felt terrible unsafe at this hotel. I made a mistake of not reading the previous reviews on trip advisor.. my only recommendation-Avoid this hotel at all costs (even if someone offers it for…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or210-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful - do not stay here,This hotel is not worth staying at.  So many things were terrible but highlights include - giving me a key to a room which had someone already staying in it! They were asleep when i went in so I expect they also complained.  I also have had suspicious payments against the credit card i happened to use with the reception.  These are being taken care of by my bank - I would not say the two are connected (!) Think again if you are looking to stay in London - it is not worth it to stay here.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or210-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Slightly disappointed given the price,"I booked for a one night midweek stay with my wife, as we were coming down to London to go to the theatre. I booked this hotel based on the location and as it was a treat, I was happy to pay the cost for a supposedly five star hotel.  Only after booking did I read the latest reviews on here, and at that point I did start to worry that I had made a mistake.  However, we did find that the hotel and staff were nowhere near as bad as was being made out in some negative reviews. The reception staff we dealt with with always friendly and helpful, as were the housekeeping staff we encountered. After we checked out, the concierge allowed us to store our suitcase so that we could go and do some shopping before it was time to head back to Euston.  The room itself was very nice. The bed…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or210-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not even half-hearted,"We stayed for a romantic break of one night, and were excited to be staying at what the website indicated was an amazing hotel.   Didn't work out like that sadly.  Great location just opposite Libertys near Oxford Circus, so all central attractions can be reached easily. That's the end of the good points.  Part of the hotel really did use to be a functioning courtroom, and it represented a brilliant opportunity for somebody to incorporate the character-filled architecture into a modern hotel. But it's an opportunity that has been completely missed. What you get is a very modern part that's meant to look chic and expensive but isn't, mixed with the old parts which appear decayed and neglected,  Our room - supposedly one of the better ones - was pretty small as expected, but the…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or210-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"Having read the poor reviews of this hotel we were rather anxious as to what it would be like, we needn’t have worried. We were greeted by a smiling receptionist, we arrived early but could still check in. Iced water and fruit available in reception. Our room was spacious and spotlessly clean. The bar was lovely complete with cells, and  friendly bar staff  It would have been a 5 star but for the confusion over what time the Carnaby restaurant closed, we were told last orders at 10.30pm but at 10.10pm after the theatre we were then told we couldn’t get a meal., not a problem as there are lots of restaurants around but it seemed as if no one knew what they were doing. Good breakfast this morning.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or210-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent - don’t believe the bad reviews!,"Arrived yesterday for a one night stay. Welcoming check-in staff. Room wasn’t ready as we arrived early but concierge stored our bags til our return. Fresh chilled water was available in the lobby area.  On our return we were allocated room 401. Bit concerned as right next to the lift but absolutely no noise overnight at all. Lovely large airy room, view of back of building but we hadn’t come to London to sit and look out of our window. Huge comfy bed with gorgeously sumptuous pillows. Large bathroom with shower over bath. Plenty of storage in the room.  We drank in the downstairs bar which was rather busy as a function obviously gong on but we sat out of the bar area on the comfy seats. Bliss! Very friendly & helpful concierge.  Excellent nights sleep. ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or215-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Pre-dinner drinks,"Didn't stay here but had drinks with friends up on the roof terrace, which was amazing. Plenty of comfortable seating, lots of parasols and a nice breeze. Good service, but quite expensive. Recommended for a special occasion/treat.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or215-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Courthouse London ,"I don’t believe that this is a 5 stars hotel. The management are just not interested in the well being of their customers. Hotel has major maintenance problem nothing works AC, safe, TV, lamps all need change. When we complained we only got a sorry. The only positive thing about this hotel is its location and its concierge everything else is just bad. ",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or215-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice,"Nice hotel in a great location. However, make sure you request a non-smoking room if you don't smoke. We weren't asked re smoking or non-smoking and were put in a smoking room. It stank. We tried air con and open doors/windows but it didn't help and we had to change rooms.  Also don't stay in room 616. We were put there initially, told it was reception's favourite. We went in. It was a bad layout, it felt small, it stank of smoke, and the ceiling needed fixing.   When we changed rooms we were so happy as the new room actually looked like a nice hotel room and not an extra room created out of a utility room like the first one.  In-room breakfast was nice. The room and bathroom were lovely and I always appreciate hotels that provide bathrobes and slippers.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or215-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Tasty but slow,"We used a groupon deal so had a set menu, of which the chef was kind enough to offer substitutes for where they had run out of meals on the set menu. The food itself was good for the groupon price, don’t know that it would be worth it for the normal price though. The waiter was brilliant and ensured we were ok through the meal. It was just a shame that we had to wait so long for the food-the starters came out after an hour of us arriving at the restaurant.. wouldn’t go back for another three course meal however may return for the afternoon tea, which looked delicious. ",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or215-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Special trip but not special accommodation,"This hotel has a great location but that’s where the greatness ends!  It is poorly managed, staff do not communicate and one of its greatest selling points, the roof top bar, has been outsourced to a different company who care little about the customer.   Poor facilities in the rooms including toilets that won’t flush, irons which don’t get hot and a general lack of concern regarding the guest only ruin what could be a fabulous place.  Whoever is running the roof top bar simply has no idea on service or what is acceptable, with a £50 per person minimum spend required to sit at table,staff who really don’t care and over priced drinks - stay well clear.  My recommendation is to spend more on a reputable hotel near by as the trade off for being competitive rate wise is lost in the…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or220-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Worst experience ever ,"I booked in to this hotel on the 15 th of July and upon being granted the room by very helpful and friendly staff, I was whisked to my room to find the following: Dirty floors with dried up human feces, The strong stench  of Marjuana in the hallways coming from a nearby room, a very very very uncomfortable bed with a mattress that makes noise every time you move and bed sheets which are dirty and unwashed and smelling of cigarettes. This is by NO means a 5 star or even a 2 star hotel. I’m quite surprised by the upkeep of Thai hotel by the owners who have completely neglected the property. The red couch in the rooms are all broken and have stains all over them and the carpets all all have stains on the floor.  A terrible terrible experience. I would not wish this experience or…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or220-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent only in location....,"We stayed here as wanted to be close to the London Palladium, you cannot get any closer it is next door (to the stage door) and around the corner from the main entrance. The location of this hotel is fabulous, between Oxford Street and Carnaby Street, lots of shops, bars and restaurants close by. Our room was lovely, concierge and reception staff very good. However.... there is a roof terrace bar, we went up on arrival to be told it didn't open until 2pm so we went back later after the show to be told we weren't allowed in as we hadn't booked!! So went down to the hotel bar on ground floor to be told there we couldn't buy a drink as there was a private function on! We protested we were hotel guests, the concierge tried to help by offering a space to sit in a small dining room…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or220-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Huge disappointment,"We checked into this hotel last month in June on a family trip with my husband, my mother, my aunt, our 3 years old son and myself. I have to say, this hotel was an absolute disappointment right from the beginning. We asked for rooms with a decent view and were given 2 ill maintained rooms with view of the shaft area. The carpet in the room was dirty and smelly, and the housekeeping was terribly inhospitable and cold when we requested for the carpets to be hoovered properly. The breakfast was stale, and when I requested for a small mug of hot choc for my son, I was refused by a very rude waitress who stated that it wasn’t part of the breakfast and couldn’t be made unless we pay extra. Any small hotel would also accept this request for a little boy, let alone a so called 5 star.…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or220-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Overall a very negative experience. Avoid this place like the plague.,"Firstly, we have stayed all over the World in hotels good, average and bad, but we never expected to have a stay as bad as this at a five star hotel in England.  We booked this hotel because of its close proximity to the London Palladium where we were attending a performance of The Kind and I and thought it looked a lovely building and as it was supposedly '5 Star' we booked one night at £239.00 with no breakfast.  From the outset, this was a negative experience, the reception staff were unwelcoming, aloof and unfriendly, the room was tired, with cupboard doors not fitting, carpet old, although the general cleanliness was acceptable. The air conditioning was useless and we were unable to turn the temperature down sufficiently for a comfortable nights sleep.  After checking in…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or220-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Private cinema experience ,"We came here using a voucher for a private cinema with a champagne cocktail. Upon arrival (having been told the film starts at 5.30) we got there for around 5.10 and checked in with a lady at the desk for the cinema. She kept saying that she thinks the film started at 5pm but wasn’t sure. So I asked her to check. I went off to get my champagne (not a cocktail) only to be left stood there with another group of people who also thought the film started at half 5 (they had been told earlier that day that it started at half 5) unluckily our film had started at 5 but none of us were notified, we had to walk ourselves in unsure if we were walking into another film only to see our film a quarter of the way through. The fire exit had been blocked by lots of chairs stacked up so…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or225-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea (also one was vegetarian),"We had a Virgin Experience voucher for afternoon tea but we were out within 45 minutes. We would have left sooner (due to the heat and lack of atmosphere) if we hadn't had to wait for our tea.    We were based in the Carnaby room which was stiflingly hot.  It was 28 degrees out but we expected air conditioning in a 5* hotel.  We found our own seat and were given the set menu and told to pick a hot drink.  The waitress seemed surprised when I told her I was vegetarian despite telling them at the time of booking.   We received our sandwiches and my veggie ones were quite boring.  All of the meat/fish ones had just been replaced with cucumber ones.  The other sandwiches were egg, and cheese and pickle (the cheese seemed stale and hard).  Neither of us  received the mushroom vol au…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or225-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea ,"We had an afternoon tea here today which was a Christmas present via Virgin experience. On arrival at the hotel a waiter in the lounge was wearing ripped jeans, not something you expect in a 5 star hotel.  We went to the Carnaby room for the tea. No one greeted us, we went up to a serving counter and handed in our voucher. We were told to find ourselves a table. Once sat down after around 10 minutes a waitress came over and gave us the menu saying we had to choose a hot drink then she disappeared. Another 15 minutes, she brought us a glass of warm champagne each. I then had to ask for a glass of water, again this was warm. After another 15 minutes we were brought the sandwiches cakes and scones. Still no tea/coffee. I then had to ask for the tea. This was brought to us after…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or225-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very negative experience and poor value,"Long wait to check in, understaffed reception. Had to insist until late into the night for an iron. Was put in room on fifth floor under the rooftop bar - very noisy. Will avoid coming here again. Only good thing is the central soho location",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or225-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Toy Roof Bar - Very Bad Service,"I booked a table for two last Friday and the booking was for a table at the bar. When I arrived, there were unfriendly staff to greet us who was not helpful at all.  There was no clear communication, although I had a table booked I still had to wait in a queue with people who didn't have a booking.  After giving my name to the person at the front, he showed me to the bar which was full of people and no seats!! I went back to query where my table was that I booked, he refused to move people from the bar that didn't have a booking. They alternatively offered me a normal table where I was told there was a minimum £50 spend!!!   I was not given the table I booked, staff were useless and very unorganised. They also let a group of men in without a booking (jump the queue) because they…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or225-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very bad and shady,"My sister and I stayed at this hotel in May this year on a 5 days trip to London. We checked in around 4 in the evening to a very unpleasant and rude receptionist. We specifically requested for our room to be near the lift, but he didn’t take this into consideration and said all the rooms near the lift were occupied. Anyway, we checked into the room and it was very basic but the washroom in particular was unclean with water near the sink and mold around the toilet and bathing area. We changed and went out to dinner and by the time we got back it was about 9. Both of us were too tired so we decided to call it a night and dozed off. Sometime just after 2 in the morning, we heard a loud thud at our door so my sister went to check. From the door hope she saw two men laughing and…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or230-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Toy bar - Avoid. Just awful,We arrive mid afternoon. It looks closed but isn’t. Takes an age to get served. Wine we want isn’t available. (Starts at £50 a bottle btw.. ridiculous) Water arrives. Waiter pours it over friends laptop not into glass. He goes to get napkins and dabs at laptop. Wine arrives at last - but is ‘just out the box’ so is hot.  Ice is arranged. Waiter drops ice all over table. Drink warm wine.  Have lovely catch up with chum regardless.Get more wine - warm but have ice so we will deal with. ‘Manager’ arrives and bluntly states we have to get up as table is booked. No apology. No notice on table. No word from staff that we would have a limited time on table. Forced to drink up and leave. Tyler the manager is a joke - lied and was steadfast in his stance that we were told when we came in…,Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or230-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away by all means!,"The only thing disappointing about my recent trip to London was THIS Hotel, where I decided to stay last minute. I honestly have no idea what these people are doing in the hospitality business, as they are far from anything ‘hospitable’. The check in was very cold-was told to wait for a ‘few’ minutes until someone was ready to assist me. Sat for 15 minutes and no one came to attend to me. Finally when I went back to the desk, a very unfriendly woman checked me into this terrible looking room which didn’t smell good. The toilet sink was unclean and the towels were already soiled when I walked in. I called up reception to complain who said they’d get back. No response the entire evening. The next morning when I asked, the man at the reception said the hotel was very busy so he…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or230-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Never again - Toy roof ,"The most petrifying experience I’ve had in my life. I’ve never come across such rude staff in my entire life especially going to bars. So I went with my friend .. and the lady at the desk gave us a cold welcome and gave us a seat near the bar where the sun was beaming .. it was too hot to sit there and asked if we could move to the other free seats available but she said they were reserved however if they don’t show up in the next 5 min she will give it to us. Sadly she didn’t stick to her word and started to give to the people that just walked in. I was fuming, I wanted to start an argument but I didn’t wanted to ruin my mood by that. Anyways so we sat near the bar waiting to be served. It took them 45 min to serve us and on top of that when we tried to get their attention they…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or230-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea - mmmmmm,"Two of us enjoyed afternoon tea - nice selection of dainty sandwiches, scones and cream and delicious little cakes - with tea and a glass of fizz. Tea pots were refilled. It was relaxed and unhurried and we enjoyed it. Quite why it was difficult to book (it was a gift voucher) remains a mystery when it really wasn't busy. My friend who did the booking was unimpressed by the booking system and lack of promised return calls - but the tea itself was lovely.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or230-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best location but 5 star it isnt.,Great looking lobby.  Uninspiring reception staff.  No instruction re breakfast.  Nothing to be found in the room about breakfast or any info about the sights around the hotel.  Room ok. Bathroom nice but peeling ceiling.  Went to check out the roof top bar. Girl at the desk looked me up and down while leaning on the table and appeared to be happy we wouldn't be staying as per person you have to spend £50 and although being perfectly able to afford that I wouldn't stay somewhere I'm obviously not welcome. Profiling at it's best. Breakfast was dreadful. Basic at best. Not enough stuff and they were slow and/or grumpy.  We had a great night out in the West End with everything on the door step but that was not anything to do with the hotel other than it's location. Disappointing…,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or235-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","The human part I felt after being robbed in London, before the hotel and services","I arrived to London yesterday 1 PM, for a weekend of shopping and enjoying some quality time by myself, before flying out on Monday for business in Scotland.  My first stay in this hotel was in 2015, and I enjoyed it as the location is excellent.  Yesterday, I placed my luggage in my room and went for shopping. And a pickpocket robbed ALL the money that I brought with me to London. 2500 USD gone with the wind. I found myself without one single penny. I came back to the hotel to call the police and file a report. And the support and warmth I received from the concierges Abdel and his colleague were outstanding!!!!! They didn't leave me for one bit, always trying to calm me, supporting with words, encouraging me, offering me cups of water with lemon, helped me call the police, and…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or235-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dissatisfied ,"If you have the money and are looking for a location near the shops and the London Paladium, then this is a good location. However, I have to say I was disappointed.  We arrived late afternoon needing a drink. We went to the rooftop bar still in my shorts (It was a hot day). There was a receptionist and a security guard. She took one look at me not even standing from leaning on her desk, looked down her nose and said 'You do know that its a minimum of £5p per head. The money is not an issue but her attitude was. We went to a local bar in Carnaby Street and had better fun. In the room the cupboards didn't close and the bathroom ceiling was peeling all over. Not what I expected. ",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or235-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location + charm, A/C difficulty","The Courthouse Hotel is conveniently located in Soho, and just a few minute walk to West End. Staff was pleasant (and helped me print a document I needed).   There is a reputed nice rooptop bar - but at our checkin, we were told we would have needed reservations in advance for the bar. We were only in for one nite, so did not have a chance to experience - would have loved to. Rooms were cozy but welcoming with charm - perfect for a short stay. . Our only unsurmountable  problem was with the air conditioner.  The room would not cool below 74 degrees (23.5 celcius) in June (it was much cooler in the lobby as well as outside in the early morning, but windows wouldn't open).  For most, this is probably acceptable, but my family likes to sleep cooler.  Phoned for maintenance twice -…",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or235-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid, just avoid.","The concept of hospitality, quality control, and maintenance is lost in this hotel.   Seems there is no management whatsoever. 2 stars are for the few helpful staff (just a couple).   How this is a 5 star rated hotel is the exact reason to not trust the star rating system.   This was a bad stay. I would not recommend to anyone.",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or235-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",One of my favorites in London,"If you want to stay at the heart of London, go to this hotel.  We got a ""mini"" room although we paid for a standard one and got upgraded the day after. This is something that must be improved! All the rest - just great!",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or240-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cinema Experience,One of the best evenings I have had in a long time thoroughly enjoyed seeing some like it hot on the big screen as opposed to the tv the bar was friendly too would definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good classic movie ,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or240-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",the worst customer service,"I haven't been, nor would I want to.  I emailed the hotel to enquire about a reservation, the email I received back was rude, short, no sign off and I've quite simply never seen customer service quite like it and I speak to restaurants/hotels every day",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or240-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Went to The Courthouse Hotel for a champagne afternoon tea.  Myself and my husband went into the room where the afternoon teas were, We were greeted my a waitress straight away, and was then seated.  There was a table Near us which took nearly 20 before any attempt was made to clear it. Not good!  We were given the menu to see and if all on there were ok and to choose what tea or coffee we wanted.  Once we chose the waitress went. It took about 20 mins before the tea arrived.  It then overall took over 50 mins for our sandwiches etc to come.  The waitress came with our scones etc and placed them on the table, she then  I quote said “about time” and walked off.  Not once did she come to ask if all was ok. Not once did she come to ask if we wanted any other drinks. When we did ask…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or240-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cold hot food,"Great location and a nice room, (superior) although it did overlook an alley, this meant it was fairly quiet at night. The blackout curtains were difficult to pull as they were behind a heavy sofa and the other curtains were just for show and didn't meet together. A bottle of fizzy and still water were brought up after we had checked in and had left the room, so it was fortunate that I did not go out and buy any as I had intended to do. The mini bar prices as always were exorbitant. Nice bathroom, and good to have a bath plus shower over, although I couldn't find a way to make the tap work to fill the bath so used the shower head instead. Bed was quite comfortable and we had bathrobes and slippers provided, plus there was an umbrella in case we needed it in the wardrobe! The…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or240-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Afternoon Tea,"We booked a Champagne afternoon tea for our 20th wedding anniversary. The sandwiches, cakes and Champagne were all lovely and the service was ok. The ambience however was pretty dire. The room looked more like a canteen or a Costa Coffee but it could have looked so much better with a bit of colour and some tablecloths! This somewhat took away from the delicious food.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or245-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Be careful!!!! a stranger came into our room while we slept!!!,"Unbelievable, a 5-stars hotel, does not provide security to his guests. I went on vacation with my daughter to Courthouse Hotel London, and it became a nightmare!!! Our terrible experience happened at 5 am in what supposed to be our secure hotel room.  A burglar came into our room while we were sleeping.  I woke up when I heard noises in the room. I saw a stranger man above my bed that tried to break into our room safe box. We were terrified and started yelling at him, he said he is from the room service and ran away from the room, when he took my bag with all my money and credit card!!! I called the reception, they went up to my room and tried to find out what had happened, and pretended it was the first time?? It's shocking that a five-stars hotel in central London does not…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or245-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location Matters,"All about this hotel is location. Facing Carnaby street this hotel is in the heart of the Soho. We can tell it was a great hotel but nowadays is pretty dated, needing an urgent reform. The rooms and bathrooms are large, but everything is old. The bathroom ceiling painting was falling apart. Rug old and inspiring doubts about cleanness. Bar at the lobby very smelly. Not crazy about breakfast buffet. Do not expect a British experience since all the staff are foreigners. Overall, my score relies on the exceptional location of the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or245-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Quite good experience,"You never know what to expect when your company books a hotel for you... This time I spent a night in central London in a very nice area. The Courthouse hotel rooms were OK, large Samsung TV with 2 USB ports, heating system that actually worked, large clean bed, and to my surprise quite a modern bathroom (more ""continental style""). At some moment during the morning shower the temperature fluctuated a bit and had to add hot water to the mix a couple of times. Breakfeast was splendid compared to the London standard. Can't tell how expensive the room was, I guess it really was...",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or245-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good value - but tired,"Great location - cannot fault.  But my toilet leaked and smelt of weeeee.  Disappointing.  But the room was huge, the fit out sound and the price very good.  Breakfast is best avoided and go somewhere local.  Nothing to write home about on the food.  But would return - if the toilet is fixed...",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or245-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Really disappointing,  let down weekend at this hotel ","We were really disappointed and felt our weekend was quite spoilt by this hotels poor quality service and product.  Staff are fairly rude and non-acknowledging with the exception of the lady who checked us out who did listen to the feedback and offered to refund breakfast as it was stale. She empathised with our other concerns however ultimately the hotel has not delivered in any way: poor service, room was small, dated not completely clean, shower was terrible and therefore not a functioning room never mind a high star rating.  The plus points would  be the roof top bar and location , however if rather go to anoth er one to enjoy some basic service and stay a further out of central London if needed, to experience a minimum basic quality and product/service opposed to having to…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or250-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Tired hotel in nice location,"This hotel is in a really good central location but unfortunately the hotel is very tired, has uncomfortable beds, lacks atmosphere and has terrible room service food. I visited this hotel some years back and the shine has definitely worn off.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or250-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Accomodation and facilities good, customer service ok","The rooms were spacious and clean. There was a good indoor pool, gym and sauna. The hotel was right next to the hustle and bustle of shoreditch.  Customer service was hit and miss- there was one guy at reception who was lovely and tried to look after us. But the hotel staff were not accommodating to my friends who wanted to have a drink in the roof top bar. ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or250-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"We have stayed at the Courthouse hotel on 5 other occasions before this trip. We have always loved staying there and especially found the location right on the doorstep of Carnaby Street perfect. Although the service has never been what could be considered 5 star we have always been looked after and the rooms have always been spacious, clean and great for a business trip. Unfortunately this stay has seen a drastic drop in service in all aspects. Even though we stay here regularly we were met with complete irrelevance on first arrival. There was confusion over our booking, we were staying for 3 nights and then went away for the weekend for family and arrived back the following Tuesday. This seemed to confuse everyone on reception as though we were the only people who have done…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or250-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea letdown,"Recently used a voucher for afternoon tea at this hotel after receiving it as a gift from a relative,  Vouchers stated it was for champagne on arrival and afternoon tea ,apparently they run of champagne and served prosecco , ok it’s white and fizzes but don’t bother trying to get a few more bottles in will you ?  Served stale scones without butter and cream , few tiny sandwiches that had little flavour and a small selection of sweet desserts to trick the eye .  Honestly what a waste of time and money , Charging good money and trying to do a traditional ceremony on the cheap just doesn’t work . Very poor effort on the whole",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or250-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",1 night stay,"Stayed on a Friday as seeing a show. Fantastic location. Room - bed was ok, few stains on sofa & carpet. Shower was nice but in a bath, bathroom - marks & flaking paint on ceiling. We are early risers & went for breakfast at 7, the breakfast was cold. We did complain, still awaiting contact & a refund. Won’t be returning. If you do stay here have breakfast elsewhere.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or255-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The Beds are Purgatory and Values are Shot to Pieces,"My second time staying at the hotel as I attend a monthly event there.  After checking in at noon, I was given the key to my first room which was quite simply worn out. It also backed on to the lift shaft which never bodes well.  After requesting a change, I was offered a free upgrade which was very welcome, until...  I went to bed, absolutely worn out, around 11pm after attending that afternoon and evening's event. Before I even got in the bed, I could see that the mattress was crippled...  Sure enough a quick lie down on the bed confirmed it, with that lovely feeling of tired springs digging in my back as I rolled in to the years old concave.  As it was late and I'd already unpacked, I had no desire to head back down to reception and move rooms, so the only course of action…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or255-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Over priced, bad service and rude staff - do not waste your time!","Myself and a friend went for an drink after work and we were greeted by the sullen manager who ignored us for about 2 1/2 mins, even though we were standing right in front of her saying excuse me. Finally she allowed us in and there were no tables available but we were happy to sit at the bar. You would think sitting at the bar you would get served quickly but this was not to be. The bar staff were too busy bickering with each other or cracking jokes to serve. We asked one guy if he was free and he just looked at us, said no and walked away! We paid for our drinks as we went but by the last drink I said I wasn't paying the service and asked if it could be removed from the bill - we only ordered g&t's and sat at the bar, there really wasn't much service involved. The barman held…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or255-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Tired and in need of a refurbishment,"My boyfriend booked us here as part of a surprise trip to London for my birthday. Turns out he had also tried countless times to book in at their restaurant too but after never getting a response/booking, ended up taking me elsewhere for dinner.   Upon arrival, the receptionist seemed sweet enough however upon entry to our room (room 304) I was bitterly disappointed. The biggest disappointment has to be the bed itself, shot to pieces, you could sense it was so old and worn, both the single Mattresses that made our ‘super king’ bed were sunken causing us a generally uncomfortable nights sleep. This adds to a list of around 10 additional observations I made just in the room including: loose bathroom fittings, broken kettle & scales & electronic devices with FAILED PAT testing…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or255-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel fine but shame about my toiletries going missing,"Hotel was fine, but unfortunately their staff have let them down. I accidently left my toiletry bag in the bathroom. When I contacted the hotel a few hours after checking out, they asked me to email house keeping. I emailed them and then had to follow that up with a phone call the next day. It took a while for them to come back to me, but eventually they confirmed that my toiletry bag was found and that it could be collected by my husband a couple of days later. My husband collected the bag, only to find that my Jo Malone hand cream wasn't in it, as well as 2 Estee Lauder products.  I am extremely disappointed that one of the staff members would take a guests belongings and furthermore, I was not too impressed with how this was dealt with. No apology and lack of empathy for the…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or255-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Bad Hostess,I went into rooftop bar and the hostess was very very rude. I was just checking to see if there was any availability and asked more then once like any normal human being. She relied and I qoute “Do not ask again”. Worst experience,Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or260-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location,","So I've stayed here a couple times. It's a great location, happily close to Liberty and one of my fav restaurants Polpo and various clients I've worked with. The hotel itself is unfocussed in decor and the bar always seems disorganized. The rooms are ok, but nothing compared to a westin or w. The front desk is always helpful and courteous.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or260-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay for London show,"This is a boutique hotel with some history around it. The rooms  are good quality, but a little tatty around the edges (ceiling paint  peeling in the bathroom, missing cover on electrical outlet in bathroom). Bed very comfortable, view out over a back alley. Breakfast was good with a reasonable choice. Location is very good with short walks to theatres and shopping locations. Overall a good hotel with attentive staff. One small thing during my stay was that the bar had run out of tonic. So no G&T to finish the evening. Good value at £190 for a central London location via a discounting site. ",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or260-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience and amazing location!,"Stayed here for 3 nights with one other friend and am so pleased with how our experience worked out! I had some hesitations, but our room was perfectly nice, the concierge staff was so helpful and the location cannot be beat. You walk out the front door and are right in the action and among a ton of shops and restaurants! The room is not the fanciest by any means, but completely fine. Everything was clean, staff was great. Overall very happy with our experience and would definitely recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or260-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",My wife Enjoyed her Stay,"Our Son booked the Court House hotel for my wife as they wanted to see a London Show. Seeing some of the Trip Adviser reviews before hand gave her some concern. I drove her to the Courthouse Hotel and We were both impressed with the Concierge and Reception Staff, who were very helpful and courteous.  When collecting my wife the next day, she was extremely impressed with the Room, Facilities and staff at the Hotel. She would definitely stay in this Courthouse Hotel again.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or260-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic One Night Stay,"Thank you Courthouse Hotel for a fantastic one night stay.    Booked by my son so I could stay overnight to see a London Show.     Concierge and Reception Staff were absolutely excellent, extremely efficient and helpful.    The Room I was given was definitely 5 Star and perfect for my one night stay.    I would definitely recommend the Courthouse Hotel when wishing to stay in Central London.    I would certainly book this hotel again.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or265-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",NEEDS TO BE BETTER. Not Luxurious at all,"Stayed here for one night on Tuesday 17th April for my birthday. I did have a lovely surprise stay with my girlfriend but this hotel really needs to improve given its price tag and “5 star” status. I definitely wouldn’t stay here again, much better cheaper alternatives.   NEGATIVES: - Bathroom Sink was blocked - No toothpaste provided - No iron or board - No bathrobes  - No flannels / face cloths  - Asked for flannels and face cloths and they brought up shampoo and conditioner... guessing English isn’t a strong point of some staff working here! - Not enough toiletries provided - Paint peeling and flaming in bathroom ceiling (as pictured) - Rooftop bar was closed  - Lobby has leak marks on the ceiling and a couple light bulbs weren’t working. In serious need of a bit of…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or265-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Should be better,"We stayed here on Friday 13th April in room 225, see photos attached. Generally the hotel is very nice, main reception, bar. I can only speak for our room but it wasn't to a standard I would excepted, the bathroom is very in need of a face lift, the bath panel as you can see is really bad, the shower is no good for anyone taller then 5ft8, I am 6ft loool. The bedroom, brown marks on the ceiling, wallpaper coming of the wall, and the curtains don't even fit the window, the bed was very large but not comfortable. Well I was hoping breakfast was goin to make every thing better, sorry to say it failed, luke warm although the sausage were nice lol  Would i stay here again, not at the moment no, I guessing from what our room was like, that all the rooms need a revamp.  I spoke to…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or265-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Motel 6 by another name,"This place looked promising online, but it reality it looks like one of those hotels that should be on a reality make over show.  The facility itself is odd, rundown and just simply weird.  I am not sure if the decor was purchased at a retail stores going out of business sale or not, but it certainly is neither current or stylish.  The staff, while pleasant enough, seem rudderless.  I am sure with some leadership would be fine, but they come across as a the B- team.  House keeping removed the soap and shampoo one day and didn't replace it.  I only realized this after I was already in the shower.  While my bed was made each day, they didn't pick up the ""do not disturb"" signs that had fallen off the door.  Ok, yes I could have done it, but I thought it was strange that they were…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or265-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Night away in London,"This historic hotel is so interesting. It’s built on the site of the old courthouse, as the name suggests, and many of the original features can be found. The lobby, reception and bar area are fabulous and there is even a modern cinema with regular screenings of popular and cult films. We ate in Sylk restaurant and I can honestly say that the food was spectacular; as was the service and the ambience. The restaurant is in the actual courtroom and it has been preserved to look, I expect, similar to how it originally was. As for the rooftop terrace, it’s a lovely idea but it was full of younger people enjoying shisha pipes, not my thing so I didn’t stay there long. Breakfast is served in the old court waiting room. Breakfast is fine with a selection to suit all tastes.…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or265-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awful hotel,"I booked this hotel for myself and daughter to stay in for her 13th birthday. Not sure where to begin but from arrival the staff were unfriendly, both the hotel and rooms are shabby the carpets are filthy and stained. We had to move rooms as our first room stank of smoke! The bathroom was awful with peeling ceiling and the shower was dreadful. The breakfast was discusting with worst eggs Benedict I have every seen.... I chose to not eat it. I would never return here, such a shame as the location is fab.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or270-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent weekend away location,"Booked this hotel through the website online.  I emailed recption beforehand and asked for rose petals to be added to our room as it was our anniversary. Everything was organised and we was even given a complimentary cake with 'happy anniversary' wording added.  we used the rooftop bar in the evening which had nice booths with sofa like beds, great skyline view of london, sheesha available, really nice atmosphere. We went to bed late so filled in the sheet for breakfast in bed, in the morning we rang downstairs to ask if it could be brought up earlier and it was once again no trouble.  The kind man delivered our food to our room so we could have breakfast in bed whilst watching tv and recovering from a busy evening. The location of this hotel is also fab, lots of bars, clubs,…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or270-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location. ,"Spent three nights at the courthouse Hotel. We got a bright and spacious room. The hotel is a bit impersonal, but has a great location. You are in walking distance to carnaby, regent, Oxford and Piccadilly street, which is great. The breakfast was ok, a little bummer that the cheese, ham and salmon is sweaty, by the time we ate breakfast ( which was around 10-10.30). The staff in the dining room did not impress me, except Bic Istvan, who was working our last day. He made sure the dining room was clean and neat. He served coffee and cleaned our plates, this did not happen any of the other mornings.  All and all we were pleased, mostly because of the location. ",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or270-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location but, sadly, this hotel doesn’t warrant 5 stars","Firstly, I would say that, having read all the recent reviews I have to totally agree with them. This is a most excellent location - the reason we originally chose to stay here. However, on arrival, having booked some time ago and paid in full, we were informed (with no degree of politeness) that they were overbooked and we were being relocated to a sister hotel ‘a short, eight minute walk away’. We pointedly refused to be bumped off and, after a short consultation with a person behind a screen we were allocated our room. Not a pleasant welcome! The room, however, was spacious and well equipped although, like other reviewers, there were some shortcomings which let the hotel down. There were, very obvious, long black hairs left on the bathroom floor, no toilet brush and no soap…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or270-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,This place is in desperately need of new management and a full refurbishment.  Towels were thread bare and the carpet soiled and smelly. Also found hair in the bathroom and mould around the shower. Pillows neither mattress had protectors which was not very hygienic. Scratched furniture that resembled a cheap hostel rather than a supposedly 5-star hotel! Not good.,Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or270-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location,"We booked an overnight stay here to coincide with a booking at The Silk. Amazing location! Right opposite Liberty's and Carnaby Street. Fantastic rooftop bar which, thank goodness, has heaters and canopies. Not blown away by the food. It was good but not as amazing as I thought. Excellent service by very attentive staff. ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or275-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed Thoughts,"I have very mixed thoughts on this hotel. The entrance is very scruffy and this continues into the reception area which really needs a good clean up and lick of paint, although things improve slightly in the lobby area. The location however is exceptional and it is here that the hotel scores well for its' location versus value for money. The rooms too are very large for such a central location. They may not win design awards but they are well appointed and have all you need.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or275-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Romantic trip,"We arrived for a 2 night stay in this hotel, we had previously visited for afternoon tea, at tea time.  We decided to freshen up and eat in the hotel as we had booked the 8 pm cinema showing with champagne.  We asked hotel staff about the restaurants, they were not very interested or helpful.  It is not obvious where you enter the silk restaurant so we headed for the carnaby.  There was only one other couple in the restaurant, so more staff than customers, but still the service was not good.  We had to keep calling staff for any service and were made to feel that it was a big effort.   This is supposedly a 5 star hotel but the ceiling on the bathroom is peeling badly, there is red staining to bedroom wall and I’m unsure if this is blood or felt tip as I did not want to get too…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or275-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay,"Cannot get a better location! Nice big sized room, granted there was little imperfections in places, but the main thing that the room / bathroom was clean. We was early to check it, but that was no issue for them as the room was ready, which was great. Bar area was nicely decorated and comfortable. Even with how busy the area gets, it was peaceful in our room. I did not realise until after we left, that the place has a rooftop bar and a cinema etc. As we did try to have an explore of the place... but my other half managed to get us into the staff quarters by mistake!  Maybe it would be ideal to have map / leaflet of what is on the premises, in the hotel rooms?",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or275-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear,"Big disappointment. No way 5*. Paint peeling off ceilings. Kettle broken. Plug sockets broken. Very tired decor. Spa awful - 4 chairs n a warm sauna. Mini bar... er no, warm fridge n no booze. Sweet staff but never again.",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or275-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Well located Hotel,"This hotel is ideally located for Oxford Street/Regent Street area. Former magistrates court it has been well fitted out, and features a quirky bar with the former holding cells. Attention to detail in the room we were allocated was not good...TV controller was out of battery and the thermostat was hanging off the wall. Conciege was very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was expensive and very disappointing--the hash brown was so solid it took off from the plate when I tried to cut it. No offer of alternative eggs etc. Needless to say we went elsewhere on the subsequent days.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or280-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Make the courthouse hotel Marlborough street   great again,"I remember when this was a great hotel. Now it's sad B&B Gone are the halcyon days of wonderful breakfasts and trained staff. Let me tell you three stories,the breakfast,the room and the  reception  Entering the the breakfast area ..wait to be seated ..a bemused waitress said go next door this is full. We went to the old court room . A sad cold place. The atmosphere long gone. No one took a tea or coffee order  . I had to go to the staff area which looked like it needed to be cleaned and painted to get anyone's attention.The buffet was minimalist , tepid and poor value. It was unkempt and poorly stocked by a staff that seemed intent on avoiding customers. If someone was in charge they must have taken the week off. Advice If you have to stay there  skip breakfast  go next door  .…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or280-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",An experience,"Location excellent, rooms more than adequate and excellent staff . The bar area with the cells is quirky and fun and fair selection of drinks available  Breakfast was disappointing only after helping ourselves to buffet were we told fresh eggs and omelettes could be ordered . Having asked at reception if there was a restaurant in house and being told no only the breakfast room , I was therefore disappointed to find a restaurant called silks and a roof top bar on the morning of our departure  Not five star but I will go back when in area again ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or280-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,"Having spent the night/evening at the Courthouse I have to say what a great location it is but it’s not quite 5 x star. Like a previous reviewer we stayed on the 5th floor and were surprised by the noise coming from the loft, especially as it was only 6pm. Although the bar area is superb, the rooms seem a little tatty and in need of a makeover. No hotel pamphlet/ book and surprisingly no free still/sparkling water, the first time we’ve ever come across this home or abroad. On a positive side the staff were very polite and helpful ",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or280-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend stop Over,The location of the hotel could not be better.  Short walk from the tube.  Next door to the palladium and opposite Carnaby Street.    Overall the place is good.  However not 5 star.  The bar area is shabby.  Although the nod to the past with the prisoner cells is fun  Receptionist didn't give much away.  Very basic.     Room was ok but again not a 5star standard   but for the price we paid nothing to complain about   For the right deal. I would certainly stay again.  If only for the convenient location ,Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or280-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Mum and Daughter,"Stayed for 1 night, great staff,  room and location. Found the staff very helpful and friendly.  The room was excellent, clean and very comfortable. Such a good location for shopping and the theatre. Will definately stay again. ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or285-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Our visit,Me and my boyfriend stayed in this hotel for new years eve to go see the fireworks. Although we was a half an hour walk from the London eye we was very we located right across the road from carnaby street and around all the main shopping area but down a back side road so quiet to get a recent sleep. Lovely hotel and room. Staff were very polite and professional. Bar downstairs has a wide range of drinks available. Had a lot of extras In the room which was fantastic! Is located next to a theatre where pantomines take place so we saw a few famous faces on arrival! Parking nearby was expensive but expected in central London and very safe car park.had a nice late check out time which was handy for new years eve with drinking. Would stay again! ,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or285-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Room 118 needs some love,"Stayed one weekday evening in February after a Palladium show.  The hotel couldn't be handier for the theatre, indeed the stage door is within touching distance of the hotel entrance.  Also the side entrance of Liberty where the flowers are for sale is just opposite the hotel.  A fabulous location.  Allocated a double room on 1st floor, size ok, carpet tired and in need of a deep clean.  We were only sleeping in the room but had we been there for a second night we'd have kept the maintenance team busy.  One of the handles on the bath was off, it looked awful and would have been uncomfortable to bump into as you got in and out of the shower if you weren't careful.  The bathroom had had some recent attention as the sealant round the bath was very new and clean.  One of the bedside…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or285-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Please save your hard earned money and stay elsewhere, huge disappointment","Upon arrival we were checked in, no mention of breakfast or the facilities or where anything was, we made our way to the room and were so disappointed I could’ve cried. The bed wasn’t deluxe in the slightest. It was two single mattresses pushed together but worse they were so old they sank in the middle of each so deeply that we would have had to sleep on one side (a single) to be able to cuddle in bed.  There were chunks missing in the bath and a huge hole in one of the floor tiles and chunks of wall missing, and the faceplate fell off the shaver in the bathroom, whilst a nice large room it was dated and tired and in dire need of refurbishment.    We went down to reception and were reluctantly sent with the concierge to view another room 520 by the night manager.  The bed was…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or285-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but this hotel is simply not up to standard! ,"This hotel is in a great location but is definitely not up to standard! We’ve stayed in numerous hotels in & outside of London and this is by far the worst.  We booked through Secret Escapes and paid in advance. Upon arrival were advised that we had been upgraded to the last king suite (room 617) so excitedly we got the lift to our room and at first glance all seemed ok, a little dated in comparison with other London hotels but ok. We pretty much headed straight to the bar where we noticed pre-poured champagne glasses sat under the counter, getting flat & warm - didn’t fancy one of those so ordered a couple of cocktails which were ok but nothing memorable considering the London prices. We headed out for our evening @ the London palladium which was located perfectly round the…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or285-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not very nice,"Not a very attractive hotel. The bed is the worst bed I have ever slept in at a hotel at this price. Completely worn out. Room is shabby, air con is noisy and not functioning well. Can not recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or290-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best concierge service!,"I chose this hotel for it's location. It was perfect for my purpose of visit. I appreciated honesty of manager when I asked about vegan friendliness of their breakfast (which was low). The manager suggested to have breakfast next door in Pain Quotidienne. Which was best solution in fact Room could have some make over touch, like ceiling in bath could be renewed. But it was very clean. And the best part wa incredible concierge service by Mate! This is everything you expect from hospitality. Starting form check-in, daily updates and check- out - simply flawless! I will sure come back for my next visit to London.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or290-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","This hotel has gone off, and is now a bit tired","I have stayed here in the past and had a good experience, so I was a bit disappointed this time. I paid over £200 for a room which needed re-decoration. The chair seat at the desk was black and shiny with use for example, and the carpet needed a clean. The common parts downstairs seemed OK. I wouldn't say don't stay here, but its not top notch for London.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or290-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Complaints happen - its how you deal with them!,"When you are paying almost £200 a night for a hotel - no breakfast - you expect a certain level of service and unfortunately the Courthouse have not come up to that expectation despite being given chances to do so.  My big problem was that when we got in fairly late after a meal out my husband went straight off to sleep but I didn't thanks to an annoying hum. Hours later I decided that it was a faulty extractor fan in the bathroom. It drove me mad for most of the night but, as my husband had been ill and I didn't want him disturbed too I didn't phone the night manager about it.  The next day my husband spoke to the front desk about it when he asked for them to prepare the bill and was told nothing could be done about it, they would 'look after' us next time. Really? Does it not…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or290-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice from the outside and it goes downhill from there!,"In lonon for work related meetings and this was the hotel of choice i rang in advance and upgraded to a diff room which had a double bed only to realise on my return that i had been charged for a single room and a double room in the same hotel which i was assured the single had been cancelled, its a good location for central london but nothing special.  The room was very small even for london standards and very stuffy, it felt a little cramped and i felt almost low budget style. My other major gripe was our bed overlooked an office full of people who seemed to be at work al day and night, the rooms overly hot but you dare not open the curtains as you dont want people staring at you!  Having stayed around the world this i would say is the least value for money hotel i have stayed…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or290-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Negative Reviews Unbelievable,"Read reviews after booking and was worried. No need to be. Fabulous place, great location, great staff, nice boutique ambience and history. We were upgraded to a Superior King, highly recommended. Big, clean, quality furnished, very comfortable and totally quiet. Breakfast buffet was decent, even the scrambled eggs but if you wanted fresh cooked fried or scrambled, you'd only to ask.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or295-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible mattresses & terrible customer service,"We were put in the first room and the bed was so hard, I looked at the mattress and it was really old. Conceirege was nice enough to bring us to another room BUT this mattress was even WORSE! There were big dips in the mattress and it felt like we were going to roll off the bed because it was so slanted. I found a hole in the mattress that was the only part of the mattress that i could sleep in without rolling out. I tried calling the front desk to see if we could change again or get a refund and they never answered their phone! Ended up staying here for 3 nights but it was absolute hell when it came to sleeping. The pillows were also worthless.",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or295-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",It's fine...nothing special,"I arrived late at the hotel (11pm) and was literally using it for one night.  Warm reception when I arrived and i arrived in my room.  The heating was on (26 degrees) and the room was like an oven.  Unfortunately, I wasnt able to turn down the heating so I had to open windows and had a bad nights sleep.  no remote control in the room to watch tv and called reception and they said they'd look into it....never heard back from them! Ordered room service on a really bad telephone in the room and the person on the other line was giving out to me saying ""your phone is bad'!! I ordered a Rioja and it was terrible!!  Am really glad I'm only here for one night!",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or295-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",2 nights,"This hotel is the old Magistrates Courthouse, & has a certain history in that John Lennon, Oscar Wilde & Mick Jagger were all sentenced here over the years, & there must be much more that could & should be mentioned. But there is no evidence of any of these, nothing written inside, no history mentioned, there are still the old brass plaques on the front of the building, but these are almost un noticeable. Bits of the old court are still in situ, cell doors, marble & stone decoration etc, & the wooden structures of the court itself, but these are interspaced with odd bits of eastern objects, budda's etc, what is this all about? There is a lot of history here, why not do something about it? The rooms are clean & ok, the breakfast was a buffet, but the coffee was cold on the first…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or295-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Book elsewhere!,"I booked a Magistrates suite (room 224) for myself and my wife for a one night stay on Saturday 20th January 2018.   Initially we couldn’t access the room due to there being an electrical fault meaning the electronic card wasn’t being recognised in the card reader. After 20 minutes and a return trip to reception we eventually got into our (rather lacklustre) suite.   You might think at over £500 a night you might get; complimentary water, bath robes, curtains that close, turn down service etc etc, but this is not the case at The Courthouse Hotel. Set your expectations very low, and wait for them not to be met.   Various room faults, faulty plug socket behind TV, unusable and buzzing. Cracked and peeling paint work and wall paper. Curtains that wouldn’t close. ‘Heated’ towel rail…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or295-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Book for prime location and a good sleep!,"Ok, so we booked this before reading the reviews, and then were horrified and not looking forward to our trip after reading what are mostly negative things to say about this hotel!  I'm between 3 and 4 stars out of 5 really, but have gone for 4 as I would come back here. Whilst not perfect by any means the positive attributes are:  It's in an excellent location for visiting Carnaby Street, all Theatres, Piccadilly, Regent Street and Oxford Street meaning you don't need to spend your life underground!  We did have 2 really good nights sleep - the bed was very comfortable and there was no issue with noise from the city that never sleeps!  We made use of the 'Handy' mobile device available in the rooms, it was great at helping us to explore on foot all the areas we hadn't thought…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or300-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Couples ,Nice location good spacious rooms homely atmosphere breakfast was same everyday of the week and the breakfast hall was not elegant nor classy it’s better to avoid taking breakfast in the hotel as lot of eateries are there near the hotel,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or300-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awful visit! Really bad customer service! ,"Well to start with I couldn’t even find the hotel as there was building work going on in the street and there was a big lorry blocking the entrance. After waiting for 25 minutes to check in due to lack of staff, finally checked in however the hotel system was different to the travel agents booking system so they seemed to think breakfast wasn’t included although I booked it. I then had to send the email to them to confirm.  Due to plans for dinner I was in a rush, when I got to the 5th floor to my room the key did not work, I then had to go back down to find a member of staff! It was like playing where’s wally! It takes 20 mins to find him!  Finally she give me the key apologising for not doing it properly in the first place! By this time I was late for dinner!  Upon returning…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or300-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",On the spot,"So happy we booked this Hotel . My wife said that she  wants to come to this Hotel also on our next trip to London. You come out of the Hotel and turn to your right and walk 100 metres and you are on Regent Street. Walk agross the Street for 20 metres and you are on Garnaby Street. In other worda you are on the spot. Superior King room was good sized and the Hotel in all clean. The staff was polite, helpfull and .... Give me all the positivismi words and That's what they were. Breakfast was ok and you can choose Witheria Continental or Buffet. Tried both. They are Ok and to us the continental is enough and better. The Hotel has volourfull history. Or the building has. It usea to be courthouse before it turned into a Hotel. People like Mick Jagger, John Lennon etc have been…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or300-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"Like another reviewer, I feel the the hotel does not live up to its stars or advertising.  Our room was very badly designed and seemed as if it had been laid out in a different way previously then a new layout applied.  The TV was on a table beside the bed - you would need to lie at the foot of the bed to see it!  The kettle had no socket to plug in.  A member of staff brought up a long extension to allow us to use it relatively safely.  The large IKEA (nothing wrong with that in itself) - type wardrobe was not put together well nor was it secured to the wall.  When I opened the doors I thought it would collapse on top of me.  Half of the light swithches did not work. No one with any thought for room planning would arrange this room like this.  There was a constant noise of…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or300-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"The hotel was disappointing and not of the standard associated with the number of stars it says it has. Dated decor, a dirty bathroom with a unusable shower, a main restaurant too hot to sit in and an alternative dining room that had unmatching furniture plonked together.   The hotel is just about a four star and I feel my money was wasted on staying there. I was visiting my daughter over Christmas and wanted to treat us to a stay in the centre. The idea of the historical court aspect drew us to book this hotel but it was poorly presented. The hotel was not a treat. The location was good but the food, staff and furnishings were very below par.   I paid for a more expensive room but it was small and old fashioned with mattresses that were too hard to sleep on. Breakfast was poor.…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or305-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, management should be ashamed ","Gets worse and worse every time and I can't believe management are happy to keep letting the property get such negative reviews without taking action to fix things (most of which are easy to fix)   Don't bother book the Hilton Walforf, Raddison Hampshire, Everyhotel Piccadilly, or pretty much anywhere else instead.   Just a few of the comedy of errors at this hotel whose only plus is it's location...  - bathroom sink leaking  - open shaver sockets no cover (health and safety!!) noticed by housekeeper clearly three times but no action taken - no one ever at door to assist with luggage up the steps when you arrive and not even an offer when you get inside  - stained carpets and furnishings - beds so low quality they roll around the room and away from the wall - mattresses old and…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or305-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing new years trip,"We decided to treat ourselves to a luxury break for new years with another couple to come to London and see the fireworks. We booked the hotel specifically because it had a roof top bar and we could watch the show and because of the spa to have a little treat. The rooftop bar was closed. On New Year's Eve?!?! The spa, if you can call it that was a tiny pool and a sauna. Facilities very basic. The room was supposed to have a queen sized bed, but clearly a double and if this hotel think it's worth almost £200 then they need to re-evaluate as the cost is shocking for the basic room you receive. The Waldorf or Radisson Blu are cheaper. I think they must be reading on location alone. All in all, very disappointed and ruined our treat to ourselves. The staff are the only reason this…",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or305-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A superb afternoon tea,"We came here for a champagne afternoon tea and wasn't disappointed. There was so much food it was a delight. 5 different types of sandwich, numerous cakes, and some beautiful warmed scones with clotted cream and a pot of strawberry jam. We were give a glass of champagne each, very good it was too. We each had a cup of tea, I favoured the lemon and ginger which was very refreshing. We had a great time and we were looked after by our waitress extremely well. Would definitely return. Easy to find opposite carnaby street.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or305-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location ,"After reading a few mixed reviews of this hotel, we weren’t sure what to expect. However, our stay at this hotel was very positive and we would definitely stay again. Firstly, the location is fantastic. It’s right in the middle of London, opposite Carnaby Street and just off Oxford Street. Ideal if you’re planning a bit of retail therapy or seeing a West End show. We requested interconnecting rooms, which we got. Both rooms were spacious and clean. Both rooms had tea making facilities, which were well stocked, as was the mini bar, although this hadn’t been turned on when we arrived. The beds were very comfortable and we all slept well. We weren’t disturbed by noise from outside the hotel or other guests. Breakfast was only okay, but we’ve had worse. All the staff we dealt with…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or305-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely NOT a 5 Star Hotel ,"Ok so undoubtedly a great location and very polite & friendly staff, however a very dull & bleak hotel room. I couldn’t bare to be in the room and stare at those bland cream empty walls whilst paying that extortionate rate I’d rather have stayed in a Premier Inn. ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or310-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Beginning to creek for a 5 star,"We stayed in a super king room this time although a nice room there were little problems, one bed side light didn’t work the heating didn’t work the fridge was not working and the wardrobe doors did not close properly, also the mattresses needed turning more often there were hollows on each side. we got the heating sorted out after 2 days. Breakfast at £22.50 per person was not the best service and my poached eggs 2 days out of three were solid even though I asked for medium, I had waited -15 minutes for them so was not prepared to wait a further 15 mins for them to be replaced. We had to ask for tea spoons every day which had to be brought from the kitchen which took two or three minutes just felt that for a 5 star it is a little wanting. However the location is ideal for the…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or310-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,I had brought my family a champagne afternoon tea through virgin experience days which was a bargain. We arrived to a warm welcome (we went at 1pm) and water poured straight away which was nice. They brought our champagne over and then took tea orders. It was nice that we didn’t have to wait for long until the sandwiches and cakes came so we still had lots of tea left.  The food was fantastic with a great selection. We really did enjoy it very much and the staff were very attentive. Overall very impressed.  Ps the picture is just for 2 people :),Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or310-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Spa Experience,"A comedy of errors! Arrived at the spa, no receptionist, so had to wait 10 minutes to be met, then had a whole faff about them getting my Groupon code, I had it on my phone, they wanted it emailed as a screen grab - once I had done that I was allowed in.  The changing rooms are very basic, one shower, one toilet. No bathrobes provided.  I got into my swimsuit and went into the sauna I had a few minutes before my treatment. Got out of the sauna and waited for my treatment on one of two chairs in the 'relaxation area' ... which is two chairs by the pool. I was kept waiting and waiting and waiting - alongside a lady who was very loudly face timing her boyfriend --- I heard all about their lives. When she started scanning around the room with her video -- I said excuse I am in my…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or310-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Special occasion ,"We had a terrible nights stay at this hotel.  It was so noisy, staff throwing bottles in a bin outside our window from 5am and it went on for ages. The chairs are worn and ripped in the bar area. The hotel is in need of some tlc. Great location nice roof top bar, but everything just wasn’t acceptable standard. ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or310-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location between Mayfair and Soho,"I chose this hotel primarily for its location and the fact that it was in an historic building.  It is just steps from Regent Street and Oxford Street - except for trips outside of central London, was able to easily walk everywhere, and this was a primary consideration for me. The hotel is located in a lovely old building right across Great Marlborough Street from Liberty - I had a partial view of it which was appreciated as I was there in November and Christmas decorations were up early and Liberty does them well.  I had expected the noise level to be a bit more than I would have liked being in such a central location, but I had no issues with that at all.  The staff was welcoming and helpful right from the beginning.  The interior of the hotel is modern and the rooms a decent…",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or315-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Winter wonderland visit ,"Was slightly apprehensive after reading the reviews but loved this hotel  Slight delay check in due to computer issues but not a problem  Had lunch in the restaurant which was ok, not amazing as flavours just were not there  Decent prices for London  Room was a good size, very clean but silly mini bar prices  Very comfortable bed  Quiet hotel  Good heating and aircon and lots of wardrobe space  Shout out to bar man Alex, very warm and friendly  Will be back ",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or315-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Loved it,"The best location ever! Right in the centre of where we wanted to be - opposite Carnaby Street. Brilliant for getting around without needing a taxi or the tube.  The hotel is generally clean (maybe a bit more effort around the sink in the bedroom), comfortable, quiet, warm and friendly. I read the reviews before booking - which are mainly not great - but thought I'd risk it for the location. And actually, we thought it was great, we didn't use the bar or restaurant as we were only staying one night and had plans. Would very highly recommend.  I requested a low floor, as I don't do lifts, which was totally ignored but access to the room was fine. I've had a lot worse. Will definitely go back.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or315-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Everything dated,"Low comfort, no easy chairs, the bed is very old. For € 474,00 two nights you expect Much more luxery! The  tv stands next to the bed so you can not look, there is only one chair. To make tea you must set the watercooker next to the tv that is not so  handy! The room is  little. The only asset is the location",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or315-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awfull Hotel,"This hotel has a great location, and that is where it stops. the rooms where dated and tired looking, the bathroom was dirty. the rooms where cold.  I have stayed in better Travelodge's at half the price.    the bar staff where not helpful  I had to practically beg for a glass of water. they couldn't make a cocktail it was like drinking the most sour drink I have ever had and it should have been sweet... and then they had the nerve to charge service charge on a drink that I got from the bar they didn't even bring it over to me.  The Roof top bar was more like gangsters paradise.... with some heavy baseline Dub step music and glasses being broken full of young people (I am only in my 30s) falling over and shouting, and the Hotel wanted to charge us £50 Per person to go up there!…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or315-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not worthy of a 5* rating!,"On arrival at 1.40pm, we were told to come back in 'about an hour'.  Check in is 'From 2pm' but we were offered no form of apology or complimentary coffee.  Ordering a drink took a while, as there was no-one at the bar and the bar person clearly didn't know how to serve a gin and tonic.   On our return at 2.20pm our room still wasn't ready, so they offered us a different room.  The cleaners were outside our room and banging around until gone 4pm. The room itself was nice but disappointed in the coffee, tea and toiletry offerings (not what you'd expect from 5*). We were told to avoid 9.30-10.30am for breakfast ('told' not 'advised'), though as it turns out, this was a good shout!  The room was tiny and nowhere large enough to house the amount of rooms.  There was no Maître De and…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or320-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Disorganised, poor facilities, rubbish value for money","I booked this hotel, because it had a good location and looked smart online. Within minutes, it became apparent that it was not as good as it looked:  The room had very noisy air conditioning The television did not work and staff could not fix this - they were apologetic but uses less The swimming pool and gym did not open until 10am - utterly worthless for business users - the staff just told me that this was mentioned in the details online - it was not stated in booking.com The breakfast was dreadful and served in a room that looked like a torture cell - dark and tiled with stained tablecloths. Cold bacon with granular microwaved scrambled eggs and undercooked potato (squeaky on the teeth) - poor bread selection and rubbery processed cheese slices. The internet only works with…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or320-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre at best!,"We were looking forward to a child free night away - dining out with friends - then relaxing in the ‘luxury 5* hotel’ we booked. It was immediately apparent though that despite its amazing location, the Courthouse hotel isn’t the luxury hotel it claims to be - certainly not worthy of its 5* rating! The hotel is tired and scruffy, the staff are scruffily dressed and lack efficiency.  The superior room we booked was dreary, the bathroom plug didn’t work and the sink heavily cracked. The shower was poor and the Wi-fi barely working.  The hotel bar shuts early, even to hotel guests so a nightcap on your way up to bed isn’t an option! Had I booked the hotel as a cheap stay over 3* hotel - I’d have been happy, but as a luxury 5* hotel I am not! ",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or320-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again ," After our awful stay at the Courthouse I would like to bring to your attention about the hotel, that it is not fit for the five stars that are awarded.  Bedrooms very cold could not adjust temperature, bed mattress was just like a solid bit of wood, we requested some bottle water at midnight and had to ring them back for a second time, the water arrived at 1:30 in the morning we were in room 606 and the other room which our daughters were in was 605 which had no shower head to shower. The pillow case had been left dirty. Breakfast time we went down at 9:00 and we could not sit down together as no room all the breakfast needed replenished, the staff could not speak English very well Had to point to a piece of paper for what we wanted, the toaster tossed the hot toast on the…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or320-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",So-so,"Booked thinking this was a five star, more like a three-star. Room was old and worn thin. Scuffed furniture, mold on tile, peeling paint. Staff was helpful and friendly.  If you get a good rate maybe worth it.  ",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or320-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty good,"I’ve stayed in a lot of hotels in a lot of places and I’m frequent flyer fussy especially when other people have chosen the hotel.   This one was comfortable with a decent bed and was clean as well as being very central, a very short walk from Oxford Circus and close to Liberty’s.   It’s entrance is a very downbeat corridor to the side of a large restaurant.  Easy to walk past and off-putting.    Niggles were a room key which had to be replaced twice in two days and quite execrable breakfast coffee.    I’d probably return.  ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or325-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay,"A very good hotel in a extraordinary historic building with a great location.The hotel also have sauna and spa for relax at the end of the day. The room was big and comfortable, the english breakfast was very good and the staff very friendly and helpful, thank you António.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or325-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"What a horrific establishment. Dirty, old, run-downed housing. The bed was hard and smelly. Carpet needed to be burned. Had booked for three nights, checked out after one night. Still got the itches! Staff was not helpful at all. Recommend all the view the reviews and photos before having a think about booking this one. The five star rating is an absolute scam. What a shame with such a great location.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or325-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",great cinema and bar,"went there with the office and had a great time the bar staff and events staff are all helpful and lovely , i would recommend this hotel for eating and drinking, 32 of us and everyone said what a great night they had",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or325-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea with a twist,"For afternoon tea of a different colour, the Brasserie at the Courthouse Hotel Barnaby Street is the bee's knees. Great selection, generous portions and high quality ingredients - what's not to like? Great value, gorgeous venue steeped in history in a fabulous location",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or325-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Only thing worse than the mattress was the customer service,"We stayed here last night having paid £220 for 1 night. Great little bar, great location, bit dated but no major issues initially.   Went out for the evening and came back to find a mattress that was so old that you could feel / hear every spring, and a duvet that didn’t fit the cover and was extremely lumpy. Room 603 for reference.   I raised it with Antonio at the front of house this morning who agreed the mattress needed replacing and that thanked me for the feedback. Not a hint of an apology. I queried whether there would be any compensation on the £220 paid for a room which even the staff acknowledged was below par (more speculatively than anything else). At this point I was laughed at and told that this suggestion was ‘ridiculous’.   They suggested I write a review on trip…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or330-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"Lovely hotel big rooms nice bar area , quirky ""cells"" in bar ,great location would definitely recommend and stay here again. Great for shopping and lots of restaurants nearby providing a large choice of tastes.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or330-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, average service","My wife and I very much enjoyed the hotel itself: it is beautifully styled and in a fantastic location for shopping and tourism. The hotel decor takes advantage of the venue's history as a court house, with a jail-themed bar, and one of its restaurants left in its original state as a courtroom. The food in Silk restaurant was excellent, and the rooms were nicely decorated and well appointed -  it's not cheap but you don't feel like you have overspent.  Unfortunately, the service from staff did not live up to the standards of the settings. The problems began when booking - their website stated payment would be taken immediately, yet three days later the money still hadn't left my account. I called the hotel for advice and was told payment wouldn't be taken until checkout. I duly…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or330-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Loved the hotel,"I was a little nervous staying here due to bad reviews. However, my room was lovely and spacious. Huge bed. Nice bathroom and a chaise in the room as week as a desk. Storage. Wardrobes. Huge bed etc. Bar was lovely if a little pricey but thus is London. Breakfast was lovely. Choice of fruit, toast, pastries, cereal, tea, coffee, fruit juice and water and full english buffet style. Location fantastic just off Carnaby st and really close to Oxford n regent st. Opposite liberty's near enough and round the corner from the palladium. £50 deposit taken on arrival but deducted from total bill. I billed drinks to my room so I didn't have to carry cash and the consierge booked my case in on arrival (as early) and on departure as leaving late and wanted to shop. They also called a taxi on…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or330-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Courthouse APPROVED ,"Courthouse Hotel is EVERYTHING!! From the concept and interior design to the amenities and service. The photos on their website are a true representation of the hotel. Concierge staff exemplifies service. Jena, Ruben, Alfredo went beyond service to assist us with our stay and journeys around town. And Rafa was so endearing, he left us a very sweet letter (see photo attached) to assist us with places to go on our next stop which was Barcelona. We would like to thank them all for their kindness. We would definitely stay there again and recommend this Hotel to anyone that plan to visit London. We also loved that just steps outside of the hotel is a bus stop which is super convenient. Thank you Courthouse for the great accommodations. We loved it!!! ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or330-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",An ideal place to stay if you’d like no sleep!,Terrible stay at this hotel. We were placed on the 5th floor and were situated below a bar with continuous noise. Reported it 3 times to reception and still wasn’t moved. Ruined our weekend. Great location but nothing else worthwhile about this hotel. Moved to another room with highly uncomfortable bed and room outdated and needs updating. All in all find somewhere else to stay in London. Would not stay here again!!! ,Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or335-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, old and shabby interior","The location of this hotel is very good, but I think it is a little bit over priced, regarding that breakfast was not included. 22 Pounds for breakfast is really expensive, I think.  My room was big and spacious, and I liked that there was a kettle for making tea or coffee. But the furnitures are really old, and when I started to look at the red velvet sofa in my room and saw all the stains, and attempts to fix broken parts, I really did not want to sit in it. The view from the window was a wall of a building. But that was better than my colleague´s view, she thought somebody was in her room, since the window was very close to another building and she stared right into an office with people running around... The hotel has WiFi, that´s good, but they can not provide adapters for…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or335-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",So not a 5 star,"Recently stayed for 1 night if it was more then I would of asked for money back and left. Room so substandard more like a 3 star. Paint splashes on tiles, holes in walls in shower. No extractor fan in toilet hence the peeling paint on ceiling. No bedside lights to read with. The night before stayed in holiday inn express that was more appealing. Don't waste your money. ",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or335-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cinema Experience - APPALLING,"I booked this experience for my daughters birthday.  She went with her partner, and quite frankly, I am appalled at the service she received.  THIS IS NOT GOOD VALUE FOR  MONEY AT ALL.   The supposedly a -la-carte menu was disgusting for a 5 star hotel.  Would you expect to have on them menu Fish & Chips, Steak & Kidney Pudding, Sausage and Mash????  Apparently there was a range of menus, but they were told they had to order from only this certain one. The food quality was poor (cold).  Staff were rude and  unhelpful, and did not have a clue what was going on. Their booking wasn't logged - the hotel had no knowledge of it - and they were presented with a £75 bill after they had left the restaurant to go into the cinema.  My daughter had to ask for the champagne as they were…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or335-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - a little work to do,"I love the location.  Near so many things.  That said, there are some things to work on.  Front desk and concierge staff have passable English skills at best and their uncertainty about if a cab was coming or not was a bit unsettling.  The breakfast is pedestrian and the service perfunctory.  The rooftop bar doesn't deserve 7GBP for a pint.  Overall very middling effort.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or335-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location is 5 star,"The location is fab if you want to go to Oxford street it is a stones throw away. However the hotel itself I would say is not 5 star luxury, there is peeling paint in the bathrooms, stained headboard and threads on the sofa, and we were  kept awake until 4:15am with a private party in the basement. We went as a huge group and upon arrival 1 couple were told there was no room and had to be moved to another hotel. So overall not a great experience",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or340-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Experience at the rooftop bar (Toy Roof London) - Waste of money!,"Both myself and my friend decided to visit the roof top bar (Toy Roof London) at the Courthouse Hotel last weekend. The lady who greeted us upon arrival was both blunt and rude when we enquired about sitting at another table to the one she offered. I was fully aware that this bar gets busy during peak hours and was also appreciative of the fact that tables may have been reserved accordingly. However, when we arrived there were no more than 3 people having drinks and smoking shisha. We sat where the lady allocated us, as she stressed there was no possibility of us moving. We suggested  moving later if business needs required it but were ignored so sat down. Approximately 5 mins after our arrival, 2 people arrived and they were allocated a table which we has asked for, the lady…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or340-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The Best service ever,"We were visiting London and had a room in the Courthouse Hotel. All I can say is that the customer service skills the staff has is excellent!!  We got our room around 11 o’clock which is three hours before it should be. The room was cozy and clean.  The location of the Courthouse Hotel is amazing, just a minute walk from the Regent Street, 3 to Oxford Circus and less than ten minutes to Piccadilly. On Sunday afternoon our taxi driver cancelled our settled ride back to Heathrow 30 min before our pickup but the hotel staff got us an optional ride to airport and we made there just in time. Special thanks to concierge Mate, super awesome person who made it possible to our weekend to be a success. Thank you for the champagne bucket and the ice. ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or340-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very Poor Service!!! The Worst High Tea in London,"** Please note that this letter was sent to Mr Ghosh - Front of House Manager at his request, two weeks ago however we are yet to have any such acknowledgement **  We recently attended Afternoon Tea at the Courthouse Hotel (18th August) and were thoroughly disappointed with the whole experiece. Sorry this letter hasnt come sooner however as mentioned I was over from Australia to visit family and didnt wish to spend my holiday reliving the experience.  Sadly what was supposed to be a family treat to London to enjoy a girls afternoon and to celebrate my mums best friends Birthday turned out to be simply disappointing. My mother and Father had previously visited the Courthouse for Hightea and loved it so thought it was the perfect opportunity to visit again.  When arriving the…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or340-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location is the only plus,"We absolutely loved the location of this hotel.   Across the street is the bustling ""Carnaby"" shopping/dining district with TONS of food options in the morning so you weren't stuck eating expensive hotel breakfast, and also late night pubs for dinner, and spanish tapas places. Plus a Starbucks directly across the street. The rooms and bathrooms were large and clean, but the mattresses were completely worn down with large diveted craters.  The double sized bed was actually two twins put together, so we had to sleep strategically on the seam to avoid the lumpy cratered areas of the mattress where you could actually feel the wire coils.  Because we were tourists and generally completely exhausted at the end of each day, we would have slept on rocks. Also, there are no wash cloths…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or340-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Nights Stay,"Having stayed here twice before, I booked this hotel again for a night with my boyfriend and it didn't disappoint. The location is excellent, directly across the road from Liberty. We arrived much earlier than check in time but they were happy to take our bags for the day so we didn't have to carry them around with us. The room itself was lovely and the bathroom was great, all very clean. Bed was big and very comfy.  The bar in the hotel was also great, I highly recommend sitting in one of the cells (pre-booking is advised). The bar staff were great, made excellent drinks in a timely manner and remembered our order for future rounds.   Lovely stay and will definitely be back again in the future.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or345-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but mediocre hotel,"This is a hotel that should be just perfect but clearly is not. It has the most amazing location and some lovely relics from when it was a court house but the hotel is chaotic. The check in process was not smooth, the manager was sweating, the staff were unsure. The window would not open because it had been painted. The staircase came down through the back of a kitchen. You can have a drink sitting in an old cell in the bar which is quite quaint but everything looks shabby. This hotel needs some love and an injection of money.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or345-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid!!,Don't prebook as they will charge you twice!! On top of that the rooms are vile outdated and with uncomfy beds. Room service won't answer your calls and the staff barely speak a word of english. Worst hotel I've ever stayed in and I've stayed in some dives around the country. ,Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or345-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",First class location,"Unbelievably good location in soho and staff were really helpful. Rooms could do with a bit of an update and rooms facing the road get a lot of street noise, particularly from the carnaby street bars and restaurants. Not 5 star but location is unbelievably good and staff try hard to make it a good hotel.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or345-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not a 5* experience,"Cracked sink... broken shower attachment holder... plug with no chain (try removing *that* after a bath!)... a bulbless light fitting bent behind the mirror  to name but a few issues. 5* luxury? Not in my experience, no. ",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or345-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea experience that needs a lot of improvements,"Went here with my Mum for the afternoon experience with a glass of champagne. It is situated opposite the liberty shop. The afternoon tea was in the brassiere bit of the hotel which is on the left when you walk in. It wasn’t as grand as I was expecting but looked clean. It was quite busy but nothing too crazy. Got given the menu which was a large selection and we picked our tea. We were given our champagne too early as we then waited for 35 minutes for food and tea to arrive. Food was great and we ordered two more glasses of champagne, which they decided to include gratuity on top of that even though it took them so long to serve anything. Overall wasn’t the best afternoon tea experience and won’t be back unless things are changed. ",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or350-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden Gem,"Just so happened to walk past this and decided to go in a have a look. I have a thing for buildings with character and a story behind them so when I discovered that the courthouse housed the likes of Oscar Wilde and Mick Jagger I was over the moon. Walked through what looks like a hotel reception (because it is haha) into the back where the bar area is. Straight away noticed the cells to the right, authentic even with toilet stalls in place. It had a nice atmosphere and found that there was more mature clientele in here which I found more welcoming. I was treated to cocktails for my 30th birthday by a friend. The cocktails were definitely worth the money paid and service was prompt. Totally recommend and will be visiting again soon.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or350-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Nice tea, lacking in ambience","We enjoyed the sandwiches, the scones tasted fresh, the cakes were pleasant. For us, the hotel lacked much atmosphere and the service was not particularly welcoming. The tables were quite close together.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or350-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 5 star hotel,"Old and noisy hotel very well locate in the center of London, but very far of being a five stars hotel. The rooms are small and very old, there is a small pool that you will not want to get in. The staff is nice and efficient.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or350-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Some friends very kindly gave us vouchers for afternoon tea with champagne.  The hotel is in a great location, across the road from Liberty. The food was very fresh,  the scones had just been cooked, the sandwiches freshly made, loads of food for two people.  Luckily, we booked it at 1pm to have as lunch. The champagne was a bit of a let-down. It was room temperature, and served in very thick champagne glasses. Worth a bit of a wander through to the bar at the back of the hotel which has the old prison cells, complete with lavatories.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or350-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nice bar","This hotel is very centrally located, and is great for getting about to key sites in central London.  The rooftop bar is great, offering lovely views over London.  Agree with other reviewers, the rooms are a bit dated and not to the same level of other 5 star hotels.  I stay here often due to the location and overall good quality, a bit of updating on the room front and it would be fantastic.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or355-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nice staff - cinema experience good but very stuffy!","The hotel has been done up really nicely in its bar & reception areas - I can't comment on the rooms as we didn't stay but instead did one of their cinema evenings.  The champagne was very nice, the bar area is funky & you can reserve one of the old cells as a seating area if you like. The cinema is a nice gimmick - but desperately needs ventilation. It was hot enough in there to slightly spoil our experience & loads of people were having to fan themselves. The location at the top of Carnaby Street is just perfect for shopping & the city centre. I'm very glad that they have kept the character & history of the building.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or355-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Maja,"Location  of the hotel is perfect for shopping and wondering the streets of the London centre. But,unfortunately that's all. Rooms are dark with old furnitire and very uncomfortable beds. The cleaning lady comes late in the afternoon. The stuff is very unfriendly . The noise from the near by night club didn't allow us to sleep all night. Nobody helped us with luggage. I wouldn't come back never again. ",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or355-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",FIVE STAR NOT A HOPE. ,Not five star total scam I agree with all the reviews should be knocked down  complained about room filthy and certainly not as shown on web site definitely misleading and deceptive.   ADVISED THEY HAVE TWO ROOMS THAT LOOK LIKE THE WEBSITE !!! AND OFFERED ONE BUT NEXT TO ROOF BAR AND TOLD BUT VERY NOISY UNTIL MIDNIGHT.   HA HA. FIVE STAR Was promised a discount at check out after review from absent GM have received a phone call at 2am will sleeping to advise no discount two weeks after leaving.   TOTAL  RIP OFF  READ ALL REVIEWS THEY ARE TRUE.  NEVER AGAIN. ,Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or355-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel in the center of the city,"I stayed in Courthouse Hotel for two day for an international meeting. The room is very good and comfortable. The hall is great and particular.  The room for the breakfast is amazing, I love this ancient room.  I will return here, surely!",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or355-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We were given vouchers for afternoon tea at this hotel.  We booked for 1300 hrs, arrived promptly and were shown into a bit of a dingy room with a Carnaby Street theme, but none of the atmosphere.  Our little plates of this and that did not arrive until 1345 hrs, quite a long wait in this uninspiring environment without even the drinks turning up.  The sandwiches and cakes were fine, clearly freshly made with care and attention.  I'm glad someone else paid for this for us.  Had I been footing the bill I would have been a bit grumpy about paying full whack due to the wait.    Exploring the ground floor whilst my partner did her ablutions, the history of the place as a courthouse became apparent.  If you do visit, make sure you check out the private rooms off the ground floor bar,…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or360-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting,"This is an interesting hotel based at what was once a magistrates court.  We called at the bar for a cocktail before attending the film show at the on-site cinema.  We only tried one cocktail - 'early retirement'.  It was fantastic, and we had a second one each.   Staff were attentive and pleasant.  We had a brilliant evening thanks to the first class staff and look forward to returning soon.  The hotel is centrally located just off Oxford Circus and there is a great buzz about it and the local area.  One feels right at the heart of London.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or360-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Bar Issues,"First impressions are key, so after checking in, which went well, we decided to have lunch in the bar area, a seafood platter was ordered which was nice, I ordered a pint lager shandy, it arrived and straight away the bar gave it's standards away, it came in an old Guinness glass, which looked poor. worse was to come when I went to pay the bill for lunch, I was charged £4.95 for a bottle of larger and £2.20 for lemonade in it, so £7.15 for a pint, no one had told me that they do not do draught beer, but just used a bottle with it. not happy, minor problem but important to me at the time. The rest of our stay was ok, room was nice bed was comfy, no complaints, breakfast was buffet style which was also good. But the bar issue spoilt my enjoyment of the hotel. shame as I liked it.…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or360-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Tired and a bit sad,"This hotel relies heavily on its gimmick that it used to be a Court, but you need more than that to deserve 5 stars and charge this kind of money. The decor is tired, our room was supposed to be a suite, but it was barely a superior room in my book. No dressing gowns. The tv wasn't working, though it was fixed promptly once I'd found which of the 2 phones was working. The fan in the bathroom was ridiculously loud, and although it was all fairly clean, it was all in need of a spruce up. The breakfast was a hit and miss affair, the first table we chose almost collapsed when touched, when I pointed it out I was told in no uncertain terms that it was fine! And maybe I expect too much but I was surprised all the food was self service. Dinner in Silks in the old Court was the…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or360-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Japanese afternoon tea - it's a no no,"Bought Japanese afternoon tea for a friends birthday from buyagift.com usually £78 but offered at £42  Don't bother.... The ""silk"" room was dreary, dark and had no character at all We were offered tea which we had to ask 3 times for and came 40 minutes after we started food and the plum wine My friend pre ordered a veggie option for herself only, when I asked where the items from the set afternoon menu were for me, they brought out some chicken strips on a side plate.... A ""glass"" of plum wine was included....and by glass it came as an equivalent of a shot....I'd say 3 sips and it was gone  £21pp was a rip off even as an offer, I'd be fuming if I'd actually had to pay nearly £40pp There are many excellent places in London that are cheaper and better quality, don't bother with…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or360-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Unacceptably bad management and bad quality ,"After a tiring day in London, we came back to courthouse hotel expecting to have a good rest. However, when i plugged my adapter in and tried to charge my phone, there was a spark and all light just went off. The room was in complete darkness. I called the reception immediately and a reception guy named Georgie came. I explained the situation to him and he told me that he'll go check on the switch and will get back to me in 3 or 4 minutes. So I sat on the bed in complete darkness, can't do anything but waiting for his reply.   After waiting for 30 minutes without any response, I made my second call to the reception. The manager of the reception, Antonio, finally came. It took him less than 1 minute to check the switch and he came to the conclusion that since the technicians are…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or365-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Despite a few reservations, fantastically positioned hotel ","Great reception staff, in fact everyone friendly. Nice room, good sound proofing, super comfy bed. Nothing special with the bathroom but clean and functional. Didn't eat here for dinner but breakfast ... quite poor. Good selection but poor hosting. Hopeless bringing beverages and absolutely disgusting, cold coffee. Table wobbled so much we had problems keeping items on plates and drinks in cups. Luke warm food. Wouldn't touch the bacon, really unpleasant. Location, absolutely superb for central London, oxford street etc ... Loved the ambience and the bedrooms but my God, the breakfast was awful.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or365-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel but could have been even better ,"Loved the architectural conversion and the way the interior design took inspiration from the buildings previous use. The room was great : spacious , nicely designed , great bed and shower.   But why tell the story of Ronnie and Reggie Kray being kept in cells that are now incorporated into the bar if there are rarely bar staff manning the bar ? And why similarly spend so much money so brilliantly converting the police station/  cells / courtroom into the hotel when the many interesting stories about what happened in the court / police station/ cells is not bought to life.  There should be a leaflet in every bedroom with some details on some of the cases / remand prisoners etc that came to court in the hotel  . One of us is in the legal service in Northern Island and knows their…",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or365-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"We visited the Courthouse Hotel on Saturday afternoon for lunch in the Carnaby Brasserie. The setting is nice, with different areas to see (cells, rooftop terrace) however the service was very slow and the food was average. We had the set 2 course lunch, very basic, no sides or garnish for main or dessert. I had a 20% discount code as I reserved direct, but still rather overpriced for the quality. Also 12.5% service charge applied. I would recommend trying somewhere else if visiting the area, unfortunately we would not return",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or365-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",excellent location of this hotel,"Hotel located near Carnaby Street and Oxford Circus Soho, Piccadilly Circus and Covent Garden reachable in a few minute's walk. Our room was clean, nothing missing and very large for London that is known for small rooms. Breakfast could have more variation and is served in a very cold location, not worse the price.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or365-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Sitting in the cell.,"This is an interesting hotel, not necessarily for its elegance but because it was a Magistrates Court and the interesting people who have been there for whatever they have done. John Lennon, Mick Jagger and Oscar Wilde. We sat in one of the three cells and it gave a very strange sense of what it would be like if we were to have a night in such a stark cell, with its toilet and single bed. We were drinking champagne and laughing, taking photos with the metal door closed and the small viewing shutter opened. We four enjoyed ourselves, but didn't stay overnight. It also had the court where you could enjoy a Tia meal with the Judges bench still in place.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or370-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, it changes a lot from one room to another","We've choose this hotel for two reasons: it has an excellent location and we found a good rate (London is well known for very expensive, terrible hotels). We spent three nights here. Our first night was a nightmare. Our mattress was just terrible. I couldn't sleep and at I woke up with my neck destroyed literally. I asked the reception to solve our problem and we were moved to another room and the situation improved terribly. One only comment. We were asked more than half day to be moved to our new room. Both room had their bathroom roof with the painting falling apart and honestly that was really sad to see. No other complaint about this place. It would need a good restoration and it could be a great place.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or370-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Filthy, deceptive, and not at all worth the money!!","This has to be the filthiest hotel I've ever stayed in London. Having lived in London before, also having tried various hotels during my trips to London, I have to say this was by far the worst and that's all thanks to this hotel.  Firstly, the rooms are hugely deceptive from what you see on their website. They are dirty with stains on chairs, beds, pillows, and carpets. The mattress doesn't even have proper support. The wifi didn't work for the entire stay. I stayed with my cousin for 3 nights at this hotel as it was her bachelorette trip, and every morning as we woke up we would pray for our trip to end soon such that we didn't have to stay at this property. They totally ruined it for us, specially her. Due to peak season, we were unable to find any nearby hotels with similar…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or370-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely poor service,"I called the hotel font desk to book an afternoon tea for 8 people, but had a simple question about a dietary requirement. The women on the phone was rude, abrupt, and rushed me off the phone without bothering to even ask a co worker.  After transferring me to a line she knew no one would answer. I called back talked to concierge who did not know the answer, but had the common sense to ask a co worker. within 20 seconds he had an answer!! great customer service.  I won't be booking the afternoon tea after the extremely poor service I recived to start with!",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or370-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth your money ,"An excellent property on the Main Street of London , but not worth its price.  The tables in the ""The waiting room"" where you are served breakfast is all broken .  Everyday there is same breakfast ! Nothing changes and they won't make anything special even at a extra cost. We stayed there for 7 days, but these two things were put off.  Housekeeping : dnt expect anything from them. Only the bed and bathroom is done.  There is no cleaning done by them.  The piece of paper which you will throw and go , will be intact in the same place.   To live upto it's location and price - it surely needs to do some changes !!  ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or370-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - scam on Expedia Purchase,We booked (& paid for!) Superior King ... but arrived to Classic room. Front desk was not willing to right this nor provide refund (as it was purchased via Expedia as non-refundable). First Classic room was on 6th Flr - verrry noisy due to terrace restaurant (apparently not owned by hotel - with rude/unhelpful customer service offered). Asked to move - next Classic room (on 2nd floor) was quieter but window looked right into busy occupied offices next door which was rather 'awkward'. True value for money didn't seem appropriate.  However - location is GREAT! ,Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or375-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not sure what some people expect??????,Reading some of the reviews you would think you are staying in fawlty towers Location- a two minute walk from Oxford circus tube next door to the palladium Price - excellent value Breakfast - very good breakfast with good choice  Rooms - not five star but clean and comfortable and lovely temperature  Swimming pool - very small but we were only ones in so it was ok Bar - with the added interest of drinking in a cell Restaurant- set in old court room quaint Cinema - we got to watch Casablanca in their small cinema Service - really friendly and helpful we arrived 10.30 am and they obliged us and then took care of our cases after we checked out I would certainly stay here again if I was in this area,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or375-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly placed,"Arrived early expecting to drop the bag off, but we were offered the opportunity for a early check in at no extra cost, and the room was lovely. Check out was not until 12pm so no rush after the very filling breakfast (lots of choice -hot and cold). The bar is very quaint as the original cells still in situe and hints of the past occupants from the murals. The hotel is right opposite Carnaby Street and Liberty's, a short stroll from both Regents And Oxford street.  While staying at the hotel we used the cinema to see one of their Saturday night classics -Casablanca, this is not a large multiplex so don't go expecting the same experience but it was thoroughly enjoyable non the less, as was the dip in the pool, unfortunately I didn't have chance to use the spa.  The hotel is ideal…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or375-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Only thing missing are the fleas!,"I booked 2 King Superior rooms through Expedia (non fundable) for myself, my friend and our two daughters.  We were both given classic rooms with two twins pushed together to look like a King superior room.  Ours was room 612 and our daughters stayed in 303. Because we paid upfront, the hotel decided they did not have to give us what we paid for.  A classic bait and switch.  We asked for a room change, as we wanted what we paid for, and were told you were fully booked but could see what could be done. Later that day, my friend and I were moved to 211 which was the same classic room with two twins pushed together.  The only difference was that this room was slightly larger than the first.  These rooms are not 5 star by any stretch of the imagination.  The following is a list of…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or375-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","This review is about ""The Bar"" at the Courthouse Hotel","The courthouse hotel has a rather dubious history.  It's formerly the Marlborough Street Magistrate’s Court.  John Lennon, Mick & Keith and Oscar Wilde all had famous trials at this place.    ""The bar"" is now, well, a bar complete with refurbished cells where you can relax and have a hand crafted cocktail and hors d' ovres.  Hey, it was fun to cool the heals and have a drink in the same cell that Mick may have been in.  The staff was friendly and I understand it can get hoppin'.  Although the cells are first come first served otherwise, they can be reserved for larger parties.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or375-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not a good place to stay,"Bed was old and springs uncomfortable. Swimming Pool dark with no lights and filtration system off during hours of operation. No one to turn lights and maintain it until next day. Open potato chip can on bedside on our arrival of our ""clean room"". Carpet and furniture are dirty. Concierge no help with planning our day sight seeing. Price of rooms goes up and down daily, so be careful if you book it at one price as that may not be the actual price. A very disappointing stay at this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or380-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not an amazaing stay,"My Wife and i stayed at the Courthouse hotel for our first Wedding anniversary and was upgraded to a king room, At first we thought this was lovely of the hotel to do this for us on such a happy day until we went to bed and found out the large bed as we thought we to mattresses put together and not a nice sleep to try and cuddle as the centre was rock hard. the pillows went flat and was like laying on the mattress. so the sleep that night was not that good. We went for breakfast the next morning to find out the scrammbled egg was like water the bacon was dry and the tomatoes add so much pepper on them you coul not eat them. We left the breakfast and eat else where. I went to use thier public toilet and wow this was dirty and this should be a 5 star hotel. Upon check out i told…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or380-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"Booked this hotel a few weeks ago because the price was reasonable and the location was perfect. Was then concerned about the reviews I read subsequently.  However, I can honestly say that I have no complaints about the hotel standards or the staff. It was booked on a room only rate for 2 nights and I don't think you could get better value anywhere in London for the location practically opposite Libertys. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or380-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely time in London but reservations about the hotel,"Although our room - 103 - was large and comfortable it was difficult to have the beds separated sufficiently, having booked a twin room. It was difficult to get between the bed and the chair at the desk. The lavatory pan was cracked and one would have benefited from having a non-slip mat in the bath when showering. I'm sure we could have got something for the bath had we asked, however. The staff were all pleasant and polite, helpful too. There were various tables in the Breakfast Room which were wobbly; some were totally unacceptable; loose table tops, to the extent that they felt they were about to come off completely. We were told at Reception that new tables were on order. Our friends in Room 210 are returning in the Autumn so we shall see?! The entrance was difficult for my…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or380-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but other than that...","I stayed at the Courthouse Hotel with my assistant (2 separate rooms) invited by a company as I was a speaker at one of their events. Rooms and breakfast were prepaid by the company. The receptionist was unfriendly, first said that the rooms were not prepaid, then that breakfast was not included, when I saw that there was a mix-up with the rooms she 'suggested' we 'just switch the keys' and when she called me in the room later to say that breakfast was included after all (but she thought she was talking to my assistant, as we did change rooms indeed), she made a very unkind remark about me. The room was quite large, with a view of an office full of people working on their computers, so I had to close the curtains in the middle of the day. I wanted to make myself a cup of tea but…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or380-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Messed my reservation up, good thing I called to enquire about the parking",I was recently attending a conference which was being held at the hotel and had decided to stay at the hotel to get a better experience of the event. It was the weekend of the second terror attacks of London so I was a little bit wary about traveling via train. I thought I would ring the hotel to see if they had parking available.   It was when I rang the hotel to find out about their parking that I found out the reservation i had booked online no longer existed with the hotel and they had no recollection of my booking. I gave them the reference number and email which I had been sent and was told they would call me back. After waiting 30 minutes and still no sign of a phone call I decided to ring them. I was passed from pillar to post for around 1 hour and 30 with no-one knowing…,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or385-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Cinema Experience , My husband and I got to the hotel early so we could have a nice bar lunch before unfortunately we both ordered the burger and it was tasteless for a five star hotel the bar area is not that inspiring The cinema experience was enjoyable and quirky thing to do ,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or385-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Heart of SOHO but nothing special,"Central location, perfect for business or leisure - right across the road from Carnaby and close to Oxford Circus and West End, I had high expectations of this hotel for the price paid. Whilst it was fine, I didn't think it was anything special. The wi-fi wasn't that great which is frustrating for work, the towels were old and scratchy, the room had no iron and ironing board, and the pizza I ordered through room service was actually inedible. These small things usually don't bother me, but for only two nights for a work-related trip where I was not spending too much time in the room, they were highly noticeable. Breakfast was fine, and price on par with what you'll pay in a London restaurant. There are plenty of cheaper, smaller cafes nearby however.",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or385-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best London location ever!!!,"I have been to London as a tourist for over 7 times. I have stayed in many hotels around the city. Nothing, and I literally mean nothing comes closes to this hotel's location!!! Just behind Oxford and Regent st. And write on Carneby st!!! A waking distance to all the west end shows, Trafalgar square etc...  Besides the location, the hotel is a OK. Do not hesitate. If its at your price range - just grab it!  Enjoy...",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or385-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Something of nothing ,"Really Expensive for what it is. Rubbish rooms really small and ours overlooked a wall.  Staff are rude, young with no experience. Excellent location though. Do yourself a favour and book somewhere else.  Not a 5 star more like a 3. Bar isn't very inviting and the breakfast was cold.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or385-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible ,"Five stars hotel? Are you kidding me? The room is no where near the photos that shown on their website. I could hear next door coughing, sneezing, chatting clearly. Hot water would suddenly turn cold in the shower. It is more like a three stars hotel rather than 5 stars. The location is great though. ",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or390-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,Great location for shopping and access to the west end and all the shows. Room was very small and tired and clearly not one which had been refurbished. Roof top bar although separately owned was expensive with poor service and I would not visit again.,Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or390-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",It was a very pleasant stay for work,"I stayed in this hotel just for one night due to some work that i had to undergo in London. It is fair to say that it's position it's just superb (at 50m from Regents) and the place is very nice. Rooms and floors are a bit old, but everything is very comfortable and well organized. Very good hotel, just in the centre of London",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or390-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Photos on website misleading ,"This is the third time we have stayed  here. The first many years ago when it was a Kempinski hotel and then last year when we found it very tired and dated. This year we thought twice about booking it but saw on the website that the superior king rooms had been renovated so we booked again for this year  On arrival we were given an unrenovated room with stains on the carpet and furniture Room 412. When we complained that it was not the same as the rooms on the website we were offered a renovated room but near the rooftop bar and warned that it might be noisy until it closed at 11pm.   We decided to move room and yes the roof top bar was noisy but it rained so that helped.   The room (520) itself,  as a newly renovated room was very disappointing: - There was a fire exit right…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or390-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Five stars? Where...?,"""A 5 * Luxury hotel with contemporary and design led bedrooms and stylish cocktail bar, the Courthouse hotel is renowned for intuitive services and comprehensive facilities"" says the intranet welcome page of this hotel. I've never seen that many inaccuracies in only three lines!  The ""contemporary and design led bedroom"" we got had already one of the led bed lamps not working. Despite noting this to the reception desk the first day, nobody came to repair two days later. The carpet is actually filthy (see picture). The window is just five meters away from an office building (see picture) from where we could say hello to the people working there when you are still in underpants. No light curtain to veil the view, only the night opaque curtains available. Try to call the Reception…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or390-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Miss,"We are family with 3 children 9,12,17 We have been in this hotel for 6 days. This is the perfect hotel it is in the middle of everything. The Oxford street is 2 minutes walk. Restaurants near by bars and shopping. My kids enjoy the swimming pool every evening. The rooms were clean The beds are comfortable. The staff are very helpful. I recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or395-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed...,"I find this hotel outdated in general, it feels like it is a grand mother s place but without the charm part. My worst experience there is with the concierge. This person is supposed to help but english is extremely limited and he basically took the piss out of me.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or395-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea Treat with Champers,"The hotel is a converted courthouse and resembles that on entry but turns plush once you stride into reception. Disappointed that the brasserie is small and uninviting and expected it to be glamorous.  The selection of sandwiches, scones and cakes were very good and enjoyable. For the price I would have expected a choice of leaf tea instead of teabags.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or395-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",5 star in the heart of the city,"Booked two nights for our twentieth wedding anniversary. Booked a queen superior and was upgraded to a deluxe room, lovely king sized bed in huge room with accompanying dressing gowns and slippers. Good buffet breakfast with the option to order extras which are cooked to order. Bar is located with the old cells, fantastic location right next to the London Pallidium, would return.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or395-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good one night stay,"Stayed for one night.  This is a well located hotel, with lots of facilities.  Looking around some of the facilities (Spa, Gym ) aren't as big or as plush as other places we've stayed, but it was nice to know they were available for use.  The allocated room was clean, and had everything we needed.  Bar was quiet on the night we were there, but the service was excellent.  Given it's location we chose to eat out.  Would recommend.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or395-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5*,"This hotel is in an excellent location. But if you're looking for 5* luxury, this is definitely not.  Wobbly tables with the tops just about hanging on to the legs. The decor is tired, a lot of the furniture had stains or rips in. The breakfast was OK but £90 for 4 of us!!!!  With breakfast in mind, please be aware that I had booked breakfast included, but apparently it's not.This happened to 2 other guests that I overheard at reception,so we had to pay again 😡. The location is it's selling point, but if you're looking for 5* then book elsewhere. To be honest I have stayed in nicer travel lodges. ",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or400-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Bad,"We thought we came to a good standard hotel for the stars to judge. But we were wrong. We booked a superior room with king size bed. The room had wall to wall carpet, worn out, and the air conditioning did not work. There was also not enough toilet paper in the rooms. We had to ask for refills every day. TV did not work.  The first night we did not sleep because it was so hot in the room. We could not have the window open, as we could not open it. Much noise from the bar on the roof of the hotel. We got another room  when we complained about the heat, but the standard is still poor. I booked a room with breakfast included, but afterwards I was told that this was not agreed - so I had to pay this as well. We chose to leave the hotel and found another hotel that could provide…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or400-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend Away,"We booked a room at the Courthouse as we were seeing a show in town.    I choose here as it is a little quirky a just that slightly different to other hotels in the area.  The chance to have a drink in the holding cells all adds to the experience.  Fantastic room, even given a little treat of a slice of cake for my birthday.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or400-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"I stayed here with my husband for 1 night as it was the closest hotel I could find to the London Palladium. We were attending a concert and didn't want to have to travel for miles afterwards. The hotel is literally next door to the venue, however it's blink and you'll miss it, we actually walked past it twice on arrival as it's not obvious where the entrance is. That is the only downside though, inside the hotel is plush and very well appointed with a large comfortable lobby and lounge to relax in. The bar area is small however it does have the novelty of having old cells converted into private booths complete with toilets that you can sit on (!) this place used to be a working magistrates court (hence the name) and they've kept many original features which adds character.   I…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or400-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely ,"Nice clean rooms, great customer service. The highlight for me was the rooftop bar, although it was November so it was pretty cold but the barman got us blankets to get wrapped up and drink wine with. Great views.   Also liked the private holding cell rooms in the bar. Would definitely stay again :)",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or400-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel amazing....rooms not so!,"We didn't pay for a premium room believing  5 star meant good quality all round. Not the case. The room layout was just odd, the tv was next to the bed so you couldn't see it without serious neck-ache. The kettle was on table but there was no plug socket nearby. Not enough pillows and no extras available in the room. The duvet had a horrible stain on it underneath the cover. The bath didn't drain properly and the sink was cracked.  The hotel itself was beautiful - perfect location, amazing bar, great breakfast, it was just a shame that the room was so disappointing - really surprised at 5* rating. ",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or405-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Central venue for Chelsea Flower Show,"Have stayed here before, but this time was a little disappointing with room size (room 315) and layout - although very quiet. Room was immediately next to the lift, and I think had a chunk taken out of it to fit round the lift shaft.  Wasn't totally clean.  Valance looked like it had a large paint stain down the side nearest the bathroom. Bathroom door was badly positioned if someone was stood at side of bed.  White bed linen had residual stains on it.  Although says it has free internet, was not able to access it - despite seeking help from reception.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or405-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Comfortable Rooms, Some Quirks","Stayed here several days on business. Excellent location, around the corner from the Oxford Circus tube stop and on the doorstep of Soho. My room was very comfortable with an excellent bed. Service was friendly.  No one was a native English speaker, but everyone was perfectly fluent. My electronic keycard frequently malfunctioned, but there was no problem getting it (repeatedly) replaced. OK breakfast. An interesting bar based on the building's original use as a courthouse.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or405-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not my experience of 5 star,Very disappointed at my recent visit having stayed here 3 yrs ago . Pleasant enough reception staff . Room looked tired didn't smell fresh . Towels not white and fluffy they looked washed out and not too white looking !! No bath robes !! And poor selection of bathroom toiletries not of a 5 star standard !! We went down for a drink at the bar and because lots of seats were reserved due to a wedding party the chairs we were offered were ripped on the arms and dirty not even shabby chic just downright shabby . Breakfast uninspiring too . Won't bother returning,Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or405-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous location ,"Shopping, shows, restaurants and people watching all outside your door.  Rooms were functional and the service was good.    Soho is a great location and this hotel is around the corner from a tube station.   Didn't eat at the hotel as we stayed only a short while.  ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or405-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"My husband and I were given the afternoon tea as a gift from our children. On arrival at the hotel we found the outside of the buildings a little disappointing. However, inside as much nicer. Afternoon tea was very organised and the selection was very good considering I had the gluten free option. Yes, the champagne is not Bollinger.   But it never claimed to be in the wording of the afternoon teas! Service was adequate and staff polite. We did not feel rushed in anyway, in fact we felt very relaxed. After our tea we opted for a cocktail in the lovely bar which still has the original courthouse features, including the cells which we sat in an enjoyed drinks. All in all a very pleasant experience",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or410-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Courthouse hotel London City,"Ok its not the Ritz , if you want that then pay £600 a night go there. For that type of money everything would need to be 100%. Some of the bad comments made I simply don,t get --  mice really ??? the hotel is immaculate. The girl on the reception was a little reserved but polite and the concierge could not have been more helpful.The rooms was fine and well serviced , certainly did not go about inspecting every corner , some people need to remember that its not home your in and some thing wont be to the standard you choose for your own place. this place is fine and I would certainly stay again. Location wise its in the heart of everything.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or410-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, big room: horrible service","There is no need for a lot of human interaction when staying in hotels these days and in the case of the Courthouse Hotel (the one at Great Marlborough Street) that's a good thing.  I booked the room for a three night business trip and as the hotel was in a tourist area I was very pleased with the good isolation and the large size of the room. Checkin went quick and the room was very clean. (Although the curtains were heavily stained, but you cannot really blame housekeeping for that.)  So I assumed it would be a nice quiet stay in a good room. However, things went south from the moment I tried to order a pizza and a beer via the roomservice. When calling the short dial phone number that was printed in the menu for ordering food, a rude guy told me that I had the wrong number…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or410-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Concert time,"An excellent hotel in a great location,staff very helpful Room clean and well presented breakfast very good ,an expensive hotel but you get what you pay for ,great for the London Palladium.only drawback no handrails on the steps at the entrance ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or410-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Afternoon Tea,Were given this in conjunction with another experience. We were greeted warmly and thats where the experience started.  Our waitress (un-fortunately we did not get her name) was very attententive but not over the top. The tea was lovely and throughly yummy. We took an interest as to the times when it was a Courtroom and the waitress kindly gave us a piece of paper with information about it.  She then went on to tell us where we could see more of the existing features and as it was the end of the afternoon she very kindly took us through to see the court room itself. That made our day. Please tell the young lady in question that we appreciated her passion for the history of the hotel and taking the time so talk  to us (we were there on the afternoon of 4th May),Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or410-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",One night on business,"I expected better, rooms a little tired, carpet needed a good wash and bathrooms need a face lift...not what you expect from 5 star.  Service was good, as was food although breakfast had a strange greasy taste.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or415-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awful experience,"This hotel is awful. The only good thing about this hotel is the location.  First, our room has a water leak. The water is literally coming from under the tile, and the dark stain on the floor makes it obvious that this has been a persistent problem that the hotel has not addressed. The carpeting is dirty and stained throughout the room.  Perhaps the worst part of the room is the bed. The mattress is probably the worst I've ever experienced. After a few nights of terrible sleep, I made the mistake of removing the sheets to reveal a dirty, sagging, stained, disgusting mattress.   Beyond that, the ceilings are cracked, the walls are scuffed. Maintenance is clearly a foreign concept to this hotel.  And the fact that this hotel claims to be a Five Star is an insult to every guest…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or415-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing return visut,"We have stayed at this hotel on several occasions while it was a Hilton affiliate and it was wonderful. Great location and service.  It stopped being a Hilton about 3 years ago. We booked this hotel for a return 4 day visit . Unfortunately things did not go well from the beginning . The first morning we had a romance couple breakfast delivered to the room. However, we did not book this and when said this to waiter all he could say is he was told to deliver to our room and here it is. It would not have been our choice of food and we could have gone to the breakfast room as we had originally planned and choose our own. The breakfast did not come with coffee  so we ordered some up and it never arrived. The following night as we prepared to go to bed and about to turn the lights off…",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or415-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Let down by customer service,"Great location, lovely building, nice decor, good food. However these positives are overshadowed by the poor customer service received throughout our 2 day visit, and reflects the other reviews I have read here. We had a very rude welcome, literally being ignored at the check in desk. We struggled to communicate with staff at every opportunity, and they always gave the impression that you had disturbed or surprised them by asking a question. We ate breakfast x 2, lunch and dinner at the hotel; nice food but painfully slow service. This hotel was booked for a special occasion, and while an adequate place to stay did not add to quality of our weekend for these avoidable reasons.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or415-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 5*,"This hotel is in an amazing location opposite Liberty's and Carnaby Street so if it's location you want this is perfect, but if it's a 5* accommodation your looking for this hotel isn't for you . The rooms are clean but very tired, the bar area is ok but lacks any atmosphere, the staff are all very friendly and accommodating. Would I stay here again .. yes probably as the location is great for shopping and restaurants",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or415-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Rest just so so","Stayed for 1 night at the hotel Sunday till Monday. Firstly the good- GREAT location, minutes walk from Carnaby Street, Oxford street etc. Good cocktails at the bar, and afternoon tea was ok. Now sorry to say the bad- Without a doubt the WORST welcome i have ever had at a hotel, The receptionist was very rude, we turned up at 1.20 and was just flately told no come back at 2!. Came back at 1.55 to be told room was not ready but take a seat in lounge area and they would come and get us, 25minutes later (with lots of other couples getting their room cards issued to them!) I went back over to reception to be told it still was not ready but should be 2 minutes.... 10 minutes later so now 20 to 3 they bought it over to us with a meager sorry. I was not at all impressed as technically…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or420-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Only 5* thing about this hotel is the location,Perfect location for what we needed on a visit to London to take in a show at the Palladium. Literally less than a minutes walk to the venue or to Liberty's or to the top of Carnaby St. Couple of minutes walk to Oxford Circus tube station. Hotel itself is fine. Clean and presentable but absolutely baffled by the 5* rating. The bedrooms are no better than a premier inn and with less space. Cheap wooden furniture and the sort of in-room beverage facilities you would expect in a B&B. Basic tiny toiletries in the bathroom. No sense of luxury or high end whatsoever. The Bar at the Courthouse downstairs is great - reasonable prices and nice food. Nice bit of history with info on previous visitors to the cells when it was part of the magistrates courts in the sixties. Didn't check out…,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or420-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"I went to this hotel a few days ago with my friend for afternoon tea,  staff were very welcoming and we were shown to our table and handed the menu and we were asked to choose what tea we would like. Our waitress asked if we had any allergies. I informed her that I was allergic to kiwifruit as it makes my throat and mouth swell up and affects my breathing. Unfortunately the waitress did not understand what kiwifruit was after myself and my friend tried in vain to explain what it was, in the end we just gave up and told her to tell the chef, no kiwi fruit. Thankfully the tea arrived and it was fine, sandwiches were fresh, the cakes were lovely and no sign of any kiwifruit  Therefore my only complaint is that the waiting staff should be fluent in the English language before being…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or420-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",FANTASTIC LOCATION & HISTORICAL INTEREST,"Loved the hotel from an architectural point of view.  So fascinating to wander around seeing how it used to be a major Court in London where Oscar Wilde, the Rolling Stones etc. were tried. However, I arrived on a dreadful day when they had absolutely no water, no one was allowed into their rooms till 6.00 pm, some of the Concierge could barely speak English (one of them failed to understand what ""underscore"" means when discussing the wifi) it was freezing cold because of the automatic door opening all the time downstairs, and the health spa looks like it needs a really good renovation.  I was upgraded to a Deluxe room & was amazed that there were no slippers or dressing gown in a room like that. And the TV was very temperamental. Not my best visit to a hotel but it was quiet…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or420-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing upgrade,"We stayed here with friends for just one night recently but wished it could have been more, as on checking in, we were offered an upgrade to the Lalique suite! We couldn't wipe the smiles off our faces for a couple of hours! Basically the suite is like a 2 bed apartment - huge living/dining area, the bedrooms have king-size beds and large bathrooms - there's even a small kitchen with fridge! This hotel is in a brilliant location - just across the road from Liberty's side entrance and very near Regent and Carnaby Street area and Theatre-land. The staff were very helpful too. Thank you Courthouse!",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or420-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel.....Great Location,"Me and My Wife Stayed At the Courthouse Hotel Last Week And Had a Very Pleasant Stay, it Was A 60th Birthday Treat For Me, can't fault the Location as its Central For So many Attractions, Across the Road is Libertys Famous Store and Numerous Pubs and Cafe, across Regent st is Heddon St Where you will find The Ice Bar and Some Fine Dining restaurants including  Gordon Ramsey's Kitchen Which is Very Good, When We Arrived The Hotel Was Experiencing Some Water Issuses Which Was Beyond Their Control but it Meant we Could Not Shower and Freshen Up To Dine Out Which Derailed Some Plans We Had Made, The Manager Realised What Had Happened And Went The Extra Mile To Get Our Trip Back On Track ( He Could Have Turned A Blind Eye  But He Was Brilliant With Us)  A real Genuine Person , all…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or425-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not good enough for 5*,"Visited for one night on good Friday. Location is superb for central London. However,the quality of the room isn't good enough for 5* pricing.only one member of staff on reception for checking in. Lots of other people trying to check out as well. It was chaotic.not enough loo roll,no flannels in bathroom,no hotel info in room,no turn down service. We normally stay at the ME on the strand and thought we would give this hotel a try. We made a bad decision here. Building has great history but the hotel really needs to up its game. ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or425-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great ,Central location, courteous staff","Stayed here one night with my daughter, came to London to see Matt Cardle at the Zedel, Picadilly so wanted hotel nearby. The hotel was very difficult to find due to very small signage outside, walked past without realising, staff told me they are not allowed to erect a big sign outside. Once inside the hotel is very smart and stylish, friendly courteous staff. Our twin room was ideal, smart, comfortable with all amenities required. Our room was 3rd floor and quiet, no road noise.Spotlessly clean in all areas. Breakfast was a little disappointing, dining area looks a bit small for size of hotel although we were seated others were not. The choice for cooked breakfast was limited to scrambled egg , I would have preferred fried or poached, bacon , sausages ok plus cereal choice…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or425-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea,"We had an afternoon tea voucher bought for us so used it on a day out in London. The room was very nice, the staff very pleasant and efficient. The tea itself was promptly served, a great choice. The sandwiches, cakes and scones were served within minutes. I thought the scones were very small in comparison to others we've had but warm and tasted lovely. I wish we could have had a say in the sandwich choice as I could only eat the cheese and pickle ones, I did try to asked if I could choose but nobody answered my question? All in all though it was a lovely afternoon tea experience. Thank you",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or425-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",3 stars hotel - not 5 ,"First time in london and what a disappointment of hotel it was. Very far from being rated 5 stars. I have no idea how they got rated so high..but they have an AMAZING location. You can't take this from them. In the middle of everything.   Why I gave it 3 circles?   1. Rooms ( superior  queen) - outdated design, small , old windows, nothing like in the pics. Bed was amazing though  Not enough electric sockets 2. Sauna and fitness - closes at 19, didn't make it  3. Bathtub  - not fully covered so water was going out... sink was with a broken scratch in the middle.   4. Staff - average     Again - all the above probably won't bother you but this is a 5 stars hotel. I expected way more. ",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or425-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location. Odd Thai theme. ,"Great location in Soho. Friendly and helpful staff. Some of the historical features are unfortunately a bit lost as they for some reason have decided to make the place Thai themed. The interior is that of a business hotel rather than the boutique hotel we were expecting, but the facilities and rooms are nice. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or430-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Will definitely stay again ,"We were very happy with our overnight stay at the courthouse hotel .  The location is perfect for theatre land / shopping etc . The hotel is right opposite carnaby street .  The hotel itself is clean and modern , and still has the cells in the bar area  of when it was a courthouse , quite fascinating . We didn't use the restaurant ,spa or gym .  We were welcomed by reception manager Rudra , he was very friendly and helpful and even gave us a room upgrade as I was up in London celebrating my 40th .  We had lunch in the bar which was all very nice and there was plenty of it .  The west end is walking distance - 10 mins from hotel .  Our Rooms were clean and good sizes.  When we came back from our night out there was some birthday cake waiting for us which was a nice touch and…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or430-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Tired and worn-out. Disappointing hotel.,"The LOCATION is the only thing that is five, four, or even three stars. But the hotel itself barely earns a single star.    After an overnight flight and early arrival, we did not expect to have our rooms available (we had booked two rooms).  We planned on grabbing some lunch and then taking a nap later.  But our rooms were in fact ready (which does not mean they were clean).  Instead of going immediately to lunch we went to our rooms and then we went to the internet to find other hotel options.    The rooms we were given were tired, to say the least.  A deep cleaning would not have salvaged the worn-out carpet and furniture (see pics).  The chair was not only stained with bare upholstery, but was missing screws and dangerously falling apart.   We had booked through a third…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or430-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",No longer the beautiful 5 star Kempinski,"Beware. The Courthouse is now a 4 star hotel at best. And its no longer owned by Kempinski. The revamp is not yet complete and the rooms are small. The reception is odd, and often unattended. There are gantrys and missing ceiling parts. The gym is tiny and lacks a workout bench. Not recommneded except for its amazing location.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or430-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Amazing Stay, Amazing Location ","A great stay, this will be my new go to hotel in London. A beautiful property with fantastic service. My room was spacious, clean and comfortable. Fast free wifi too. I have absolutely no complaints about the room. Service was friendly and very welcoming. The location was the best. Across the road from Carnaby Street and a short 5-10 min walk to Oxford Street and Piccadilly Circus. Loved it!",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or430-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, forget the rest.","As many other reviewers have said, this hotel has an enviable location. My wife and I had two theatre nights booked, and the hotel is ideal for access to theatreland. That's the end of the good news.  Reception is strange, the concierge desk is first, the reception desk is over in a corner of a dreary entrance lobby. No warm welcome from the less than tidy receptionist - first impressions matter. Bedroom was actually ok and the bed was very comfortable, but on entering our sixth floor room, there was a distinct stale cigarette smell. The biggest problem with the room was the continuous mechanical hum from either air conditioning/heating or similar equipment that went on right through the night. Fingers in ears or ear plugs were necessary.   I would expect a hotel of this…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or435-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely nights stay. Wish we had longer there,"Stayed at the Courthouse Hotel for a night during a visit to London to see Aladdin the musical.  The hotel is in an excellent location with Oxford Street, Soho and Mayfair all within walking distance.  We booked for a Queen Suite but were upgraded to a Super King for the night which was lovely as it was the night after our wedding.  The room was 'classic' and a really good size. Everything that we needed was in the room - toiletries, hairdryer, mini fridge etc. The bed was huge and super comfortable.  We enjoyed breakfast the next morning and there was so much choice for us - full English items, pastries, yoghurts, granola, muffins with extra options such as eggs benedict available to order.   I really enjoyed my stay here and wish we had longer to experience the spa. Maybe next…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or435-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",luxury at a very good price,"Customer service was excellent, in a very attractive hotel with a spa, great food and very comfortable and spacious rooms.  Breakfast was lovely and the breakfast and dining room are gorgeous.  The whole building is stunning and not what I expected.  The history of the building accounts for the space which is light and airy.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or435-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very Convenient for the Palladium,"We chose the hotel as it was very close to the Palladium and the location is certainly a real plus point. Staff on the reception were efficient and helpful and check in was quick. The room was on the first floor and a basic double.  It was certainly quiet, clean and adequate for our needs for one night but did not provide anymore than one would expect of a 4* hotel room. The bed was comfortable and linen good quality though the towels looked a little tired. We were a little disconcerted to look out of our window directly into an active office only a few metres away but I suppose that is to be expected in central London. The breakfast was good and the staff quickly served us with tea and took our additional order.  We used the bar in the evening and again staff were to be…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or435-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",First Impressions not to sure?,"Unless you know what you are looking for you could walk right pass it, narrow frontage with a blue and white mat with the name of the hotel up a couple of steps and you meet two automatic doors which have been there since 1930 and another r mat in a narrow entrance on the left is the restaurant and on the right is the lobby, the food and price in the restaurant was great but it is not a place  you would walk into unless you knew it was there. We were up graded at not extra cost which was great, there is so much you could do when you find the hotel and the breakfast was worth staying at the Hotel just for that, we will go there again now we know how to find it, I just wish they they could do something about the front",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or435-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The only thing 5 star is the price,"What a shame. This hotel has a perfect setting and would do well if it considers keeping the theme of an historic English court running through out, instead they have furnished it with tables and seating from an Indian restaurant which completely spoils it.  There are cells in the bar which are cool and funky but then the rest of the bar decor (ripped sofa and scuffed bar and stools) let it down.   Good cocktails but awful breakfast and poor service, not being asked if we wanted tea or coffee and the buffet was cold. Really basic stuff.  We complained about the room and were moved to a refurbished one so make sure you ask for refurbished room as this was much better. But really we would expect much better from a luxury hotel.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or440-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Wow wow wow,"A gem in the heart of London. Whisper quiet rooms after stepping out of the bustle of the streets. A wonderful stay with sumptuous beds, friendly staff and superb breakfast. Clean and comfortable .  The greatest location and the bar is such a fun place if you wish to relax in one of the cells.we shall return. Thank you to everyone for being so kind as I felt unwell and they were absolutely wonderful allowing me to stay in my room hours after check out time, calling my rom to make sure I was ok",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or440-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely,What a brilliant hotel. Perfect location 25 minute walk from Victoria station. Then everything else was within 10 minutes.  Eg west end and restaurants.  Room was Large with a big double bed. Very modern classic feel.  Seemed quite new. Would highly recommend if you want a nice hotel and not just a bed for the night,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or440-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",No need to commit a crime to go there,"A quirky hotel in an excellent location to shop and visit London. I had read some indifferent reports about the hotel so made some requests in advance of our stay which were all met. It's reasonably expensive, but that is down to location and is classified as a five star hotel, with our room being clean and well laid out even if a little tired. My wife's side of the bed was a bit saggy. The fun is having a drink in the original old cells and it has an interesting history. Breakfast is served in the old waiting area or if the hotel is very busy you spill over into the actual court itself. Breakfast was excellent and served by charming  young ladies in a polite and efficient manner where they offer many freshly cooked options as well as their buffet. My only disappointment was…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or440-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant surprise in London,"Very pleasant stay. Great location close to SOHO, Regent street and Oxford street and yet quiet. The staff was helpful with any questions we had and even gave us british electricity adapter which we forgot at home. The rooms are not big but nice, clean and with bright colors. The breakfast was excellent and was based on a buffet with additional items from the kitchen. All in all it is a very good hotel (although not a 5 star) in a great location which gives high value for money",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or440-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Decidedly average but with great location,"The only thing this hotel has got going for it is its location. Although listed as a 4* the service and decor is mediocre at best. The rooftop bar was closed when we went there (which would have been a major attraction) and the main bar downstairs was distinctly unwelcoming, despite having the cuteness factor of being located in the old courthouse cells.",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or445-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne cinema evening,We went for a champagne cinema evening in the hotel. The drinks were very expensive once you had the one that was included. The facilities in the cinema were limited I.e. There was tables within the seats but once you got them out you realised they were at an angle so not useful for drinks. The room and seats were small and close together so made it very difficult to get out to the toilet or bar during the film . Overall the experience was enjoyable but it could have been much more so with some changes.,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or445-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great weekend stay,"Centrally located its easy to find and staffed by very helpful people.  I arrived early but as my room wasn't ready I was given a free upgrade to suited room Nice one! The room was very clean and tidy, well presented and with a King sized bed.  Room was quiet despite being close to the road and also had great blackout blinds.  Downstairs bar was trendy and very enjoyable to be in.  Drinks pricey but reasonable for a hotel.  Very good levels of service.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or445-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"Despite the potential to be an attractive hotel (great location in an historic building), this falls short. From the rather scruffy appearance of the receptionist and haphazard layout with someone whacking the photocopy machine visible behind a strange screen, things don't improve much when you reach the bedroom. Everything seems rather drab. The bed is rock hard - even if you like a firm mattress. The internet did not appear to be working and details such as paying £2.50 for a small bottle of water don't help and add to the absence of minor but nice touches such as a bathrobe. The shower (in the bath) was useless; you had to stand right against the taps to get coverage. I didn't want to sample the £23 breakfast, preferring to go a few doors down the street to one of the many…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or445-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but will not stay here again,"The hotel is close to Oxford Circus and across the street from Liberty's.  The room was comparatively large and it had a teakettle -- but only black tea. The breakfast was fine, although the water in the pot for my tea was lukewarm.  They will make a cappucino, etc. My pillowcase had blood stains on it, the bed was lumpy, and the comforter was too small for two people.  The concierge had problems finding the British Museum on a map (the map was provided by the hotel) and didn't know much about the current theatre scene. After two days, we moved -- to a less expensive hotel in an even better location-- where the room, the bed the linens, and the amenities (nespresso machine in the room, free android phone for the trip, comprehensive bathroom amenities) were much nicer and cleaner.",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or445-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, Great Hotel and Great service...","My wife whisked me off to London for a surprise 40th Birthday present and she was a little nervous as I normally do all the researching and booking when it comes to hotels... She had no need to worry, the staff from start to finish were polite, genuinely keen to help (I was on crutches due to torn Achilles) and really made our stay special and stress free. We received a complimentary room upgrade and amazing chocolate cake which was a lovely touch - spacious, quiet and a comfortable bed (room 103). The bar was a quirky area for a cocktail post show, whilst the characterful rooms for breakfast were atmospheric and the food was great. I always judge a good venue on its sausages and they were AMAZING! To sum up this hotel it seems well run, offering an almost untouchable location…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or450-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A fantastic weekend away,"I had a lovely weekend at this hotel with my daughter, the visit was specifically to see her favourite band, who were playing in the east end of London, however, we chose a central hotel so that we wouldn't be too far out. The location of this hotel is perfect - really close to the Oxford Circus tube station, from where we could easily find our way around London. It was even easy to take the tube and DLR to the east end for the concert. We found all of the hotel staff to be really helpful and charming, especially Liene on reception, and all of the concierge staff. Our room was great, very clean, with everything we needed, but am sure that if anything was missing it would have been sorted straightaway. The breakfast buffet was fantastic, and we also went for a swim in the pool.…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or450-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location,"I've been using the bar at the back of this hotel for years as it's centrally located and often not known about, so easy to get a table and catch up without the chaos of central London spilling in from outside.  But I've never stayed here so it was good to do so.  The room was huge (Superior) with nice firm huge beds, a really nice bathroom/products; but it was quite warm/stuffy and the AC is dated and not very effective so I left the window open, so in the heat of a hot stuff London I'd probably avoid this hotel.   The view was very unglamorous rooftops but that never bothers me as hotels in London for me are for a weary head at night only.  So overall really good and more a 4 than 5 star hotel but in a fantastic location.  My only compliant is reception... omg they need to go…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or450-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea at the Carnaby restaurant ,"We redeemed a virgin experience voucher for an afternoon tea at The Carnaby in courthouse hotel. The service was good and staff were attentive. There was no time limit to our tea and so we didn't feel rushed. We were greeted with champagne which was good. The Sandwich selection was as usual-salmon, egg ham and cheese -I was surprised it advertised cheese and branston pickle ! Staff  had kindly arranged another salmon and cream cheese sandwich to replace the ham sandwich I didn't prefer;they arranged for plain scones to replace fruit ones. The only negative was that my husband was served his tea in a Cracked teapot which slowly leaked all over the table. The Restaurant decor was nothing impressive. Overall I would say a good mid range afternoon tea x ",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or450-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Old hotel in dire need of refurbishment - and the staff know it.,"The good thing first: The location just off Oxford Circus is, of course, brilliant. This, however, is the only thing about this hotel that deserves 5 stars. I have stayed at various 4- and 5-star hotels across London, and this has definitely been my worst experience so far. Where to start?  Well, as soon as you enter the reception, there is a very underwhelming feel to it. The reception is empty, and the staff work behind a strange glass wall and don't even realise you're there until the concierge tells them. There was scaffolding in reception due to the many leaks in the ceiling, which does not make you feel very welcome at all. The lifts are in a dark corner at the end of the lobby; sometimes there's light, sometimes there isn't. Check-in was alright, albeit not very friendly…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or450-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty Towers,"5 Star hotel? Don't make me laugh. I've stayed in a better Travelodge. A concierge service doesn't make a hotel 5 star.   Where do I start?   The room we were in was spacious, but the bed was horrendous, in size it was huge, but the mattress was lumpy, one of the worst nights sleep ever. The next morning I woke up to a freezing cold room, because the heating had stopped working, so I thought I'd jump in a warm shower, but guess what? No hot water either. I took my dissatisfaction to the concierge, I think his name was Lami? I never met anyone so dismissive and rude in all my life. Almost accused me of lying. It wasn't until I spoke to the deputy manager who advised there was a an issue with the boiler, cause of the lack of heating and hot water.   I tried to get on with the rest…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or455-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Will not be staying again! 5 Star only for location!,"We originally stayed in this hotel in July 2016 and was extremely disappointed with the whole experience, which I will detail below.  After my initial stay I contacted the Front of House Manager who agreed to offer me another night at a reduced rate, as a gesture of good will. As we had the need to be in London again over night, with his help we arranged this and I agreed to stay at the hotel again, but once again, I left feeling totally disappointed by a hotel that could be so much better!  Firstly, the hotel's location is amazing, directly opposite Liberty and the end of Carnaby Street, so extremely central and within walking distance to the main entertainment areas. This is the only reason I have given it 2 stars!  On our first visit in July 2016 we booked a Deluxe King room,…",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or455-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Shame about the lack of hot water and uncomfortable bed ,"A romantic night in London was somewhat marred by a lack of hot water in the morning for our showers and an uncomfortable bed.    The bed was huge but the mattress was lumpy and not deep enough to cover the fact that the bed base was hard and very creaky.   Apparently the boiler had broken down in the morning, but we didn't get told that until we checked out.  The receptionist did offer us a late checkout but by that time we had had a swim and suffered a lukewarm shower and were ready to leave.    In other hotels when there's been that kind of problem a note has been slipped under the door. If we had known we could have changed our plans and taken advantage of the late checkout.  ",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or455-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Part of an experience voucher ,Visited last weekend as part of a virgin experience. Sometimes at these places you feel a little embarrassed by the voucher but here a number of people seemed to have them. It's in a area just opposite the lobby with lots of character. The sandwiches were lovely and plenty of cakes but I don't really have a sweet tooth. I have never done a cream tea before but it was nicely presented and staff were friendly. It's in a good location to do a bit of shopping. ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or455-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great afternoon tea in fantastic hotel!,We were there for afternoon tea which was such an experience!! The setting was amazing and I loved the location. It is right next to Liberty of London down a quaint little street. The cafe where tea was served was not large but small and cosy. There was sufficient food for both of us and a lovely glass of bubby!,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or455-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location is everything,"The location of the hotel is really good both for business and tourists. Only a few hundred meters from Oxford Circus, you can run right onto Oxford Street for shopping, or go into Soho for food and drinks.  Rooms feels a little bit old and tired, but very clean and spacey. The bar in the basement is not recommended :)",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or460-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cocktails in the bar and a great place to lay your head,"This is my second visit to the Court House hotel.  We stop here when we are going to Ronnie Scotts as it is so convenient for the whole of Soho and being out and about in the area.  The rooms are always very clean and the bed is very comfortable.  To be honest we don't spend that much time in the hotel but this time we did have cocktails in the bar and they were very good, as good as some of the ones we had later.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or460-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"This hotel is in a great location, within walking distance to a lot of the popular districts (often faster than taxi's at busy times) The hotel is modern and clean, staff were very professional. Only negative was that the room was very crowded full of furniture. Also the shower seemed to explode out everywhere and soak the whole bathroom which made the floor very slippy and dangerous. There was a wide selection of food for breakfast in the morning, lots of fresh fruit and bread. My boyfriend had a cooked breakfast from the help-yourself counter and he said the only thing which was warm was the beans which made him feel quite ill. We ate at 8.30am so not late enough for the food to really be cold. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or460-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible experience,"This is one of the worst stays I have had in a hotel. 1. Room was on the top floor next to ""sky bar"" was told hotel was fully booked eventhough I had reserved more than a month in advance.  Luckily the weather was bad and the bar was closed otherwise  the terrace wiuld have been right by my bedroom window.  2. This did not mean that it was quite, afternoons were dedicated to moving bottles and glassware in and out of the terrace so sleeping in afternoon was impossible.  Hardly a good deal for someone traveling from the USA with jetlag.  3. Tv did not work and shower heads did not work upon arrival.  They did fix it though but it was after my first shower and first hour in the room.  4.  Most elwctricity plugs in the room do not work.  5.  One has to watch their head everytime…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or460-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Such a pity,"This is a 5 star hotel that fails on so many counts, I can’t understand how it keeps its stars  On arrival at the hotel, it was impossible to park outside.  There was no reserved “drop off” space for arriving guests to unload luggage and no doorman to provide assistance.  I had to risk double parking and go into the hotel to get help from the concierge.  He promptly came out and took our bags and even came with me to show me to a nearby car park. Very helpful.  Check-in was quick and our cases were then taken to our room  The Magistrates Suite is one of the hotels premium rooms but the first impression was that the small sitting room was rather dark but this was probably because only 3 or the 5 bulbs in the chandelier were actually working.  How can the cleaners not notice this?…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or460-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",February visit,"Have stayed here several times before Very good  central location opposite Liberty""s Good sized rooms and friendly helpful staff Even though we arrived about 12 noon given a room immediately Towels in bathroom like sandpaper Good breakfast",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or465-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre and shopping!!,"Fantastic location, walking distance to Regent Street, Carnaby Street and Oxford Street, also walking distance to West end. Hotel was very clean, the room lovely and nice bathroom. The service was great, staff very friendly, breakfast choice good. The hotel bar was fab with the holding cells from the original courthouse as little 'snugs'  I would recommend this hotel for a great stay in a great location.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or465-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",First but not last visit,"We had a lovely stay at this hotel. It was a late decision to go here as it was difficult to find somewhere close to where we wanted to visit in such a large city. On reflection, we wished we had stayed another night but we certainly will on our return.  The room was warm and comfortable, the staff welcoming and attentive without being overly so. Breakfast was an amazing selection and of very high standard. If you're looking for a hotel in the City Centre with access to Soho, Oxford and Regent street, look no further",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or465-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Valentine's Day! ,"Stayed overnight for Valentine's Day as we were going to see Aladdin in the West End. Got a room upgrade and was able to check in 2 hours early with no extra fee. Great location about one minute walk to Oxford Street and Oxford Circus tube station! Lovely, friendly service and clean, spacious rooms. ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or465-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,Stayed here for our 20 year anniversary. The room was lovely. Breakfast was okay. Excellent location. Friendly staff. Wish there had been a blanket as I feel the cold but other half doesn't like it too hot in the room. Was nice to see the old cells. Would stay again. ,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or465-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"My wife and I went here after receiving a voucher for afternoon tea.  The building has lots of unusual features as it was previously Marlborough St Crown Court in the West End of London.  In the bar there are still some individual cells to drink in (reserve one in advance for up to 8 persons), there is still one magistrates bench and there are lots of photos of the famous who appeared here (Rolling Stones, Oscar Wilde, Christine Keeler, etc) The afternoon tea was similar to others we'd had although the room we had our tea in was bland and lacked atmosphere as we were one of only two couples there.  The service was formal and we weren't visited much after the food was served to find out if we wanted anything else so felt a bit neglected although this didn't spoil the afternoon…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or470-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location Average - less than average service,"Location of hotel was great. Soho just a few minutes away. Carnaby Street outside the front door and Regent Street at the end of the road. Fabulous!  As for the hotel itself? The accommodation is no more superior to a Premier Inn. In fact, given the price for accommodation here it's vastly, vastly over-priced. I could almost excuse it if the service was exemplary, but it wasn't. Two calls to get room service to deliver fresh milk and tap water - and a 1.5 hour wait for it.   ",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or470-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ruined birthday AWFUL HOTEL none existent customer service/rude staff!,"5 stars? you would get better customer service in a Youth Hostel!   We saved for our birthday weekend in London (my birthday 4 February my husbands 5 February) the plan was to see Les Miserables and have a lovely weekend child free to relax/have a special birthday weekend as a couple.   Our experience at Courthouse Hotel was awful it could not have been further from what we planned.  The staff simply do not care - from the concierge, to the Duty Manager to the General Hotel Manager it was appalling customer service throughout.  The lady that checked us in was polite/nice and the waitresses serving breakfast were lovely so credit where credit is due but apart from that the staff were rude, hostile and inattentive.  Far from a five star hotel experience!  We tried to resolve the…",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or470-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat which wasn't so much of a treat!,"I booked a couple of Virgin Experience Days here as birthday presents for my best friend, and decided to make a weekend of it by staying the night.  The Japanese Afternoon Tea was lovely, in the Silk Restaurant which was the old courtroom.  We also booked to see a movie in the cinema - again, great fun and a good night's entertainment. However, the hotel, whilst steeped in history, was a let down.  The room (123) was tired and dated, with curtains hanging off the rails, the jets on the bath didn't work and the telephone in the room didn't work properly either, with calls dropping off or being inaudible.  We decided to visit the spa in between afternoon tea and the cinema - it was very small, but you are in central London, so don't expect lots of facilities - a nice pool and a…",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or470-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel with history,Really enjoyed our weekend stay. Lovely room and the cells in the bar (photo) were a blast! Pool was small but great with the glass suspended lounge area and service all round was fab.  The only comment I would make is the power sockets need to be sited more usefully. There were plenty but nothing near the kettle or in the corner of the room where you had to charge your phone on the floor!  Will return as superb location right next to The Palladium. ,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or470-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A really good hotel in a fantastic location.,"A real find!  The old Marlborough Street Magistrates Court, with some of the original features still there - notable the bar downstairs where you can sit in an original cell, complete with open loo - no longer operative of course - and have a drink!  I was upgraded from a Superior King to the next category room up, and it was huge!  Great breakfast too. As for it's location, visitors could hardly ask for more - almost at the crossroads of Oxford Street and Regent Street!  Very pleasant and willing staff too. A thoroughly enjoyable stay!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or475-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Fabulous hotel,Great Location.","We (a party of 6) stayed here for the Weekend with friends we always travel with and we were recommended this hotel by friends. The location was fabulous close to Carnaby Street ,Oxford Street Shopping,Restaurants,Bars Scenic etc. We were excellently looked after and immediately were given an upgrade in room. I loved the fact it was previously a courthouse you could see the cells courtroom still with custom written benches,so funny one minute you're sat where the judge is,barristers then in the dock lol..it's a great talking point. Our rooms were spacious,Clean had a lovely bathroom,coffee machine,great wifi.. The Hotel had a well equipped gym that we used. Breakfast was brilliant a good range of food to eat ..it was freshly cooked to a high standard and excellently presented.…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or475-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awesome courthouse hotel,"Our queen room on the first floor was very well appointed and equipped and surprisingly quiet being next to the lift.We didn't eat in the restaurant but speaking to other guests wish we had. Staff really friendly and efficient, bar very pleasant with 3 quirky cells where 6-8 people could enjoy drinks.breakfast on par with all other London hotels we have stayed in. Hotel manager extremely helpful, will be booking again soon.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or475-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable hotel in excellent location,Spent one night here to go to the London palladium.  Excellent walking distance to the palladium and shops and cafes Good sized room with twin beds Clean and warm and tea tray provided Comfortable beds Good restaurant although service slow Friendly staff Excellent breakfast with good choice of hot or cold dishes Would stay here again,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or475-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location,"We had  booked a theatre trip and decided to stay for one night at this hotel,,,The staff were very friendly and efficient and check in was simple...we had e mailed and asked for an early check in to our room and received a prompt reply saying although it could not be guaranteed they would do what they could to assist...luckily it was possible and our room was ready early.. The room was twin bed and was clean an comfortable free wi fi was available The bath however was high sided and had an overhead shower which was good but no bath mat was supplied.the bath, after my shower was slippery and I feel that a rubber mat for the bath would be beneficial..I did mention this to the receptionist when we checked out and she told me she would inform the manager...to be honest this is just…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or475-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent massage on Sanook Spa,"Elle and Charlotte  (if I remember well them name) were amazing.Have magical hands!It was so relaxing and also a pleasure to be there girls,both of you proved how professional and serious you are. Much appreciated.From my point of view it was best massage ever.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or480-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Superb,"We stopped here last weekend whilst in London to go to Cinderella at the London Palladium (Which was also brilliant but that's not the point). I love the history of this place and the way they have incorporated it into the bar and the restaurant. Staff were really friendly and helpful particularly in the bar. Clean, tidy, well appointed and spacious rooms, comfortable bed. There is nothing not to like and it was a fair price for a 5 Star. One very minor gripe breakfast was typical buffet fare, I think they could have done a little better. Great location for the Palladium, Oxford Street and Regent Street, Carnaby Street, Liberty and Soho. We will definitely stay here again, hopefully soon. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or480-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, large rooms but a little dated","Fine hotel due its location, and good sized rooms for central London.  Hotel has great bar and good room service, although my room had no mini bar even though that was stated as on of the facilities available.   The only drawback is its not cool or fresh like the new hotels in Soho such as Ham Yard. But this is reflected in the price.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or480-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent ,"Stayed here while on a weekend trip to London. Rooms were ideal, roomy and comfortable. Staff were pleasant and helpful at reception and bar staff were pleasant. Ideal location for all of the things we had planned to do. Underground close by and plenty of cafes and bars within easy reach, shopping also easily accessible. A very pleasant stay and highly recommended.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or480-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, but not 5 star! ","When we arrived, we were extremely happy that we had been upgraded.   The location of this hotel is fantastic but that's about it!   The room itself was large, however the carpet looked old and dirty, which I did not expect. However, Free tea and coffee was a lovely touch.   We paid £40 extra to check out at 4pm. However no one had told the staff. From 1-4 pm we had constant interruptions, with all the staff saying that they did not realise we were still there as we should have checked out at 11am. I was surprised that they just walked in the room assuming there was no one in there! Which was horrible as I just got out the shower to discover someone walking in the door!   There were no robes in the room, which I would have expected from a 5 star hotel! Don't be fooled by the spa…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or480-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best customer service in London,"A gorgeous hotel with what might be the best customer service in all of London. We were treated extremely well, the room was beautiful, and it's a great location too. Just be careful to not confuse this location with the other property. Highly recommended!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or485-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Pre Panto Dinner,Lovely and quiet considering the central location with a good menu that matches the big chains or have a drink and nibbles in one of the old cells. Service is very friendly but very slow. Great pre Palladium location for food and drinks ,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or485-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Bad Breakfast experience,"Very nice room and interesting hotel given the history, spoiled unfortunately by this morning's breakfast debacle.  We had to wait for a table (which is acceptable at peak times) and were seated after about a ten minute wait, not a problem. My husband went to get some cereal while I waited at the table to give the waitress our tea and coffee order. After some time my husband came back with his cereal and an empty bowl for me which he'd grabbed whilst there were some to be had, however he couldn't get the fruit juice as there were no glasses. We eventually managed to get the waitress to bring tea and coffee. When we'd finished our cereal we went to get our hot food. Wrong! Cold plates, no bacon and dried overcooked  remains of scrambled eggs. Eventually after me asking twice,…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or485-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location ,"Love the location, just opposite one of my favourite streets in London, Carnaby Street. Extra special during the holiday , Christmas season. The history of the building is fascinating. I love certain features of the hotel which has been inherited from its history as a courthouse. The rooms are basic  but clean and comfortable . ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or485-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good place to stay,"The reception staff were very helpful allowing us to check in early and upgrading our room.  The room was very clean , comfortable and very well appointed.  We had a champagne tea in the afternoon which both myself and my friend thoroughly enjoyed.  On the downside the shower was hard to use and the breakfast tea and coffee was disappointing, the latter was quicky rectified on request.  This short holiday was purchased as a birthday present and it did not disappoint.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or485-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",We'll done,I have specail needs can't walk great need food that is plain so I am not easy. Arrived early there is a disabled bell ring and like magic a man come out to let you it is still at the front of the hotel easy way in when you  have a walker to walk with  and do not do stairs  Was early drop of my bag no problems Came back check in was great  and easy was shown to a rather large room for a basic one great range of bath stuff tea and coffee  Had dinner in the restraunt I was able to pick out just what I could eat plain food Bed for the night got lost in it so big had asked for specail bedding which I got. Breakfast wow we're do you start I had pancakes and then waffles the 2 morning I was there great choice great food and the staff were  Had dinner second night.good food The…,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or490-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel but a bit tired,"When we arrived the staff were pleasant and curteous the rooms were clean and presentable.  The carpet was stained and the furniture was old and tired I would say it is in need of renovating . The bed was so big I got lost In it ,but it was comfortable and I had an excellent nights sleep I would probably give it a 3/4 *",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or490-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",So much potential but such a disappointment!,"First time at the Courthouse Hotel and selected due to the excellent location, the curiosity of the court room and jail history and of course the great deal offered in the Telegraph at £180 a night B+B for what we thought was a 5 star hotel. The location is excellent for both the theatres and the shopping BUT the hotel facilities are poor and 3 star at best. The biggest  let down was the breakfast served in a cold, soul less, windowless room, furnished like a church hall using old tired banquet chairs. The food and coffee was cold and the buffet selection was very limited. We ordered freshly cooked eggs but sadly no better than the buffet on offer The fresh coffee was however much better than the pots on the buffet. One of the worst breakfasts we have eaten anywhere in any hotel…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or490-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",poor staff service,"on arriving no one from the hotel came to help we had a pram and luggage there is no ramp for disabled or prams, concierge polite enough watching us struggle but no help , we asked for newspapers in the morning and got none !",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or490-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",An okay stay ,"The location of this hotel is great, and they let us check in early which was helpful, however the phone was broken in the room so I had to use my mobile to cal for room service, all we ordered was two bowls of ice cream, which came in for £13 and took over an hour to come! No robes in the room and the bath had a broken off handle. Room was a little shabby could do with a refurbish for the price of the hotel. ",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or490-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful building, perfect location, sometimes its the little things though..","This hotel looked stunning on the website & didn't disappoint at all. Majority of staff there had a friendly welcoming approach. I had booked via Secret Escapes & on our confirmation email stated we had late check out at 3pm, we were a bit dubious as this seemed a bit too good to be true & it was. We asked the concierge what time check out was after breakfast & it was actually 12pm so realised we were most likely to have been charged if that was the case but no one seemed to tell us upon arrival.  Mini bar prices were rather on the pricey side at £3.25 for a small bottle of water! I also booked a table via Open Table for the Silk Restaurant in the hotel which was confirmed by email and show at the restaurant, was then told my name wasn't down & they were fully booked. Looking…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or495-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel! Highly Recommend,"I only stayed at the Courthouse hotel for one night but the hotel is really fantastic. The location is superb - right in the heart of London. The staff is very friendly and helpful. And the room was great - spacious, clean and extremely comfortable. Definitely recommend and look forward to staying there again!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or495-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,It was such a nice time staying at this hotel. Your stuff it s really well prepared especially the luggage porter Andrew he was really nice with me!  The view is also a great bonus. Room was clean and the room service was delicious!! The pool was also clean!! I enjoyed the facilities!! Breakfast was deliciouuuus!,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or495-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Mini break ,"We have stayed here before . It's close to the theatre 🎭 and shops and is a pleasant hotel . The rooms now have kettles which is great 👍 , when we stayed before they didn't which was a let down . The rooms are clean and any problems are solved very quickly .  We had a couple of drinks 🍹 in the bar which was very nice and quiet. We went down for breakfast 🍳 and there was a good choice , although the bacon 🥓 was very hard . My husband asked for brown sauce and was told he could have ketchup or mustard! No brown sauce, which is a must if your having the full English breakfast 🍳 . The coffee ☕️ was awful and cold . A few things that need to be sorted .  In all not the worst hotel I've stayed in but not the best , strong points, fantastic location for shops and theatres 🎭. ",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or495-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",the best new year in london!!Thebest receptioin service .the best cocktails !,"we planned to stay in London for new year with my grown up children we booked 2 rooms through hotels.com and as you prices for new year in London can be crazy .but this was quite affordable .but wait !  When we arrived we were greeted with the most charming ,professional ,Rudra on the reception desk . I could not believe my eyes when he showed us to our up grade (he had already arranged it without me asking !)  .a presidential 2 bedroom with very large living dinning area .I think the suite was like £2500  for the night but He did not ask for nay extra payment !!.As we were all in one suite  a very spacious suite !!we ere able to do the count down new year eve all dancing and cheering together .it was the most mazing evening . and I cant thank Rudra enough .I am ambassador…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or495-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service,"Stayed here for New Years Eve.  The room and facilities were great.  The staff and service were exellent too. I'd like to give thanks to the manager, Rudka, who made every effort to make our visit a pleasant one.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or500-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","No room service, overcharged by £2800, Possibly 2 Star Hotel?","We were informed at 8am that there would be no room service available to bring our breakfast up to our room, I do not know if this was planned as the room we were staying in was so small, possibly the smallest room in any 5 star hotel in Europe, that there probably was not enough room to bring it to us anyway. The excuse given was the staff member went sick, although I would expect a 5 star hotel to have a contingancy plan for this occurance, I am sure that if a receptioninst was to go sick that they would quickly find someone else to check people in and out and take their money!! The same as if a Chef was to go sick, a 5 star hotel would find someone to cook for all the guests, straight away, but for the task of bringing food to a room, this requires far too much training and…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or500-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat from my daughter,"My daughter booked a virgin afternoon tea. We arrived, waited in the lobby for a while with lots of others. We were taken to our seats in silk restaurant because the restaurant we should have been in was full. Everyone one else in silk was having sushi! Service was incredibly slow it just wasn't something either of us would do again. The cake selection wasn't great. Almost as if they had forgotten we were coming. Never again, thankfully the rest of the day out in London with my daughter made the day worthwhile.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or500-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not as good as I expected,"Staff were very friendly and helpful but the room was a bit average, looked like the furniture had come from an Ikea flat pack or one of those high street cabinet makers, lots of light coloured laminated wood. The room did have most of the things you would want though and a reasonable size for the location. There was a big brightly coloured sofa in my room, shape of a kiss If I remember correctly. But it had a big stain on it and also on the carpet in front of it, probably some booze, not very attractive. The location is excellent, very convenient. Wrong time of year for the roof terrace sadly, did have ad rink in the bar, have been here before, quirky little snugs made from several old prison cells. It's ok but once you've seen in once ... Left to early to try breakfast. It was…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or500-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely luxury hotel ,"Value for money rooms taking in account its GREAT location. Rooms are quite big and really well equipped with a decoration that makes you feel relaxed in the middle of London Soho. Enjoy the great O'Neills pub, Carnaby St. and ... Liberty of course!!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or500-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel central location ,We stayed at the courthouse last week. For one night. Found it perfectly located. Rooms to a good standard.  Had breakfast in bed brought to the room for a small service charge.  Staff were helpful and friendly.  We would stay there again. Recommend it.  ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or505-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Quirky entrance and bar,Four of us popped in for a drink on the suggestion of our friend it's the old magistrates building and police station now converted into a hotel some of the cells are turned into snugs complete with original toilets an cell doors nice bar and foyer worth a look if your passing,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or505-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A posh premier inn,"I don't usually stay this close to Oxford Street but when the option allows..... a good hotel, hidden away in the city centre.  Great value and good service.  The room was large, well presented, clean and safe in terms of its decor- a better standard premier inn..... shower was disappointing - hot but not as powerful as I like.   The bar was quirky - including the jail cell additions which are intriguing (the courthouse!)   We ate here too, the food was not as good as I expected but we had a large party in attendance (30) it was good, but not as good as I had hoped.   Would certainly stay again. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or505-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Regretfully not a five star experience! Great Location though!,We decided to try Courthouse Hotel on the recommendation of a friend and mostly because of its location. Regretfully the standard was well below five star. The pits in the beds were a challenge. On each side of our double bed you sank into a pit created by the many visitors and the lack of a replacement when the bed was no longer useable with the result of very uncomfortable nights. After the first one we were moved to another room which was marginally better but still not good.   it is a shame that the great location is wasted by not providing travelers with a good bed to sleep on. After all that is what hotels are primarily for. Certainly not recommended.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or505-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Door keys hit and miss,"I do not keep my key anywhere near to my phone, before anyone says this.  I stay every week at this hotel and it has a good quality feel to it.  The annoyance I have, week after week.  The majority of the second nights I arrive at the hotel room, the mag stripe key has stopped working.  It's becoming extremely frustrating that I have to return to reception after a long day to have the key card reprogrammed.  It's not necessary.  The rooms cost £250 per night (£91,250 per year per room).  Just spend some money and  replace the 30 year old locks on the doors with more up to date RFID technology,",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or505-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Oh Dear What a Shame,"I booked this hotel in advance paid a non-refundable deposit some months ago and informed them at the time that it was my ill wife`s 50th Birthday and that we had stayed with them before.  This made absolutely no difference to our stay at all we were treated to the same in difference throughout our stay apart from two nice concierges.  The room was tired & shabby with no view and not really a superior that it was billed at.  Highlights: Location, location.  Lowlights: Not a 5 Star Disinterested Staff  Roof Terrace closed when they feel like it (another reason I booked) Poor bar staff had to ask for assistance Lack of atmosphere No Complimentary biscuits or water Poor Tea & Coffee provisions",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or510-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",It was ok,"Stayed here a few days ago for one night and it was ok.   Location is great, Regent and Carnaby Street are 2 mins away, from the outside and the inside public areas look good as well. Room was a nice size and beds were comfy. No view whatsoever from our room. Bar was a tad pricey I thought, 2 single G&T's and a single vodka and lemonade (nothing extravagant either) came is at just shy of £30 inc a service charge.   But I just found it ok, can't say it was really good or really bad, just ok. Spa area was a little disappointing and took forever to find anyone to help us and we saw a couple of chaps just give up trying to find someone to help, pool wasn't the biggest and the sauna door really caught on the floor. But that is picking and maybe unfair but when you are expecting a 5…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or510-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,"Cross the road and your into Carnaby Street. Oxford Street , Regent Street in shouting distance . Around the corner for a West End Show at the Palladium. Good rooms . We stayed in one of the Executive Kings but surprisingly it was a Super king Base with two single mattresses butted together on top hence if you sleep in the middle you've to endure the piping around each edge of the mattresses. Clean room, lots of space, usual toiletries supplied in room. Big Tv .  We booked on a prepaid bed breakfast basis and the breakfast was buffet style as you'd find in most hotels .  The restaurant where breakfast is taken is clean with white walled tiles that wouldn't look out of place in an old fashioned public bathroom.  Clearly much of this dining area is original with a high ceiling…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or510-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not 5 star,"I booked this hotel as wanted a bit of luxury In central London.  I had seen it advertised as 5 star boutique hotel so was quite sold on this experience.    On arrival, I knew from the get go that it wasn't 5 star.  At checkin, we had to wit a few minutes as the person on reception was dealing with somebody else on the phone when we arrived Ed.  There were no more support staff around.  When we got the keys, we headed to our room.  We had to stop somebody to ask them where the lifts were, as we had not been told where our room was.  There was nobody to help with luggage.    We were in room 301.  Perfectly spacious and adequate, but disappointing when we thought we were in for a 5 star treat.  Over the course of the weekend, we noticed numerous issues with the room, the carpet…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or510-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic afternoon tea!!,"We didn't actually stay here, but treated a couple of family members to Christmas afternoon tea. We were not disappointed, and would highly recommend it.  Lovely sandwiches and beautiful cakes! We couldn't fault it. We were all delighted by it. Friendly staff too! We had a quick look around and loved the cells in the bar :)",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or510-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location,"I stayed one night in December. The location is stunning, at the end of Carnaby Street so access to shopping and great food and drink.  Hotel was nice, decent rooms (although a little basic), comfortable bed and sky sports tv.  Two improvement areas:- 1, the wifi was slow and intermittent. 2, the breakfast and breakfast service was not very good.  Would stay again due to location.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or515-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",5*Location,"Lovely stay at the Courthouse Hotel. I would agree with other reviewers that I'm not sure that it's a 5* hotel. Other than that we had a friendly and professional greeting, we were able to store our bags as we arrived early and left late. Room was a good size, perfectly functional, comfy duvets, clean bathrooms. Great location for Christmas shopping and a theatre visit. 🛍🎄 ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or515-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Location, and that's all it's worth.","A five star hotel? That is a ridiculous rating. The hotel was way to expensive (!) for one night for it to have shabby and tired interior, even with some of my colleagues rooms smelling like old smoke.. The staff had no enthusiasm, or smiles to offer. The breakfast is given in a room that feels like an old spa from the 50's, and no, not in the charming sense. The location of the hotel is wonderful, right off Carnaby, but that's it. Extremely disappointing.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or515-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Breakfast is not good,"We stayed one night here on our outward trip to Canada and one night on return. The hotel is in an excellent position, being very close to Oxford Circus. Unfortunately since the hotel changed owner (was previously Hilton Doubletree) the breakfast has been very poor for me. I have a wheat intolerance so do not eat pastries, croissants, etc. The cooked breakfast was very poor. It was a buffet and not freshly cooked. The rooms are very clean and comfortable.  The courtroom is being used a a restaurant and retains the Judge's bench.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or515-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good night's stay,"The staff were friendly and welcoming and the rooms were spacious, comfortable and clean. It is in a great location and only a couple of mins walk from a tube station. We enjoyed a few cocktails in the bar - the holding cells are certainly different to sitting in any usual bar!  The only negative I would have is that the breakfast seems quite overpriced. We went elsewhere for this.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or515-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great position for hotel in London,"Average hotel. The one big plus is its position just behind Liberty's and adjacent to Regent Street. Décor was modern and staff on reception desk very helpful and polite. Even though we arrived at 10 a.m. just to leave our bags, and check in wasn't for several hours there was no problem, and the reception staff even apologised that our room wasn't ready. We obviously hadn't expected it to be ready.  Few negatives - bar was absolutely crammed full in the evening so we had to go out for pre dinner drink, shower rose just about sprayed all over the bathroom, there was no socket adjacent to the kettle - had to be plugged in across the room, the glass top to the occasional table was not fixed and highly dangerous if children were about, hairdryer button would not turn off, this had…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or520-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon champayne cream tea,This was a gift for my 70th birthday from my family and after a long walk around London my wife and I arrived an hour early for our booking and the receptionist was more than helpful and let us use the hotel facilities and sit in the lounge with a long drink.  We were given our glass of champayne when we sat down followed by sandwiches scones and many cakes and our choice of breakfast tea.  The staff were more than helpful and polite and if we were in the area again for a theatre visit we may well think about staying at this hotel as Theatreland and shops at Oxford Street are close by.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or520-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Poor night sleep,"The hotel was in a fantastic location. We received a warm welcome by friendly staff.   The room was bright and clean but the mattresses were damaged, soiled and very uncomfortable which led to a very restless night.  This spoilt our stay as we were beyond tired the next day.  The breakfast however was delicious.  Our concerns were emailed to the front of house manager who was prompt in his reply, apologised and  informed us that they were replacing their mattresses and offered us a discounted stay and a complimentary upgrade and breakfast if we wished to book again.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or520-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location,Fantastic location just opposite Liberty. Nice rooms - go high for quietness. 5* but would say more like a 4* hotel.  Was once a courthouse and there are still plenty of original features - which makes it a little bit different.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or520-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Blughhh,"A very average stay,every body was polite enough but not a 5 star and so I feel a bit cheated. On a good note the bed was super comfy!  so if your just looking for a bed for the night in the centre of everything then it's a great choice. If your looking for a 5 star experience then this is not it.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or520-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing ,"A colleague said ""a park bench would be more comfortable than the beds here""   The concierge staff.  They speak down to people and make them feel as if they are doing you a favour by talking AT you.   For the money there are far better hotels. ",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or525-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very good stay,"Our stay at the Courthouse Hotel was very good overall. The check-in at the reception was courteous and quick. We were pleased with our hotel room. It was spacious for European standards and had all the amenities we needed. It was also clean and seemed to be refurbished so there was nothing that looked old or run down. It was also very quiet and not facing the street which was what we requested when we booked this hotel. The service from the concierge and reception area were polite and they willingly helped us with any questions without any attitudes. The location of this hotel could not be better as it was central to everything. It's located steps away from Oxford Street, Regent Street and Carnaby Street and there is a plethora of restaurants and shopping just in these areas.…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or525-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dissappointing not a 5 star ,"Was so disappointed with this hotels it has lots of potential. It certainly is not a 5 star more like a 3. There were 8 people with us that we paid for on a weekend, so a large bill for a disappointing trip. The  furniture had tears in it around the bar area and furniture just needed some care. The reception showed areas in need of painting and again looked tired rather than plush. The rooms were standard and we were in a junior suite! One of our colleagues needed to change rooms...they offered a free upgrade but in entering the room the only difference was a different shower head!  Breakfast was in a small room that felt like I was in a cafeteria and was disappointing- the hot plates didn't work properly and food was cold. I ordered waffles which looked impressive but when…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or525-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Business trip to Northern London,The hotel is centrally located in London and walking distance to many restaurants and clothing sores in SOHO. The nearest Underground Station is Oxford Circus. The rooms are adequate and has A/C. My room rate also included a full English Breakfast in the morning.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or525-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 star but great location,"We loved the location of the hotel, its close proximity to Carnaby St and Oxford St.  We enjoyed the cocktail bar but weren't impressed with the previous occupants pringles container being still in our room, you'd expect in a 5 star hotel the housekeeping would be top notch.  The breakfast was slow and uninspiring.  I doubt if we would return although the location was brilliant, for the price we expect more ",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or525-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, poor bar service.","Nice hotel and very nice location, I liked the service and the room set up, but I would not define it a 5 start property. Very friendly and efficient reception staff, they helped me and exceeded my expectations.  Nice rooftop, poor bar service. I don't think they do really know what they are doing in there. Asked for a sweet and light drink, they brought me a cocktail which was totally different from my initial request.  I would recommend it because of the central location, definitely not if you fancy a good drink! ",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or530-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",YES to Courthouse Hotel London!,"If you are shopaholic this is the best place to stay, located at the very heart of London's shop streets. Surrounded with restaurants, you never have to walk so far to eat, and shop. The hotel itself is a revelation, the cool bright and clean hallway, with large rooms and bathroom. Two most important aspects are the STRONG FREE WI-FI connection and a working AIR CONDITIONING UNIT!   The BEST!  I got no complaints from my daughter at all! And one of the hotel's concierge, which I dealt with all the time during our entire stay there, is just so helpful, and very efficient.   I definitely will go back to this hotel on my next trip to London with my entire family.  I will probably ask for connecting rooms. I have recommended this hotel already to my friends who are shopaholics.…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or530-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and central,"A nice clean hotel with a central location. We enjoyed the fresh fruits for breakfast and the general quiet of the place. However, the soundproofing out towards the corridor was non existent and I was awakened by partying youths at 4am (look at me getting old). The bed was comfortable if perhaps a bit on the hard side.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or530-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 star,This is not a luxury hotel and it's slogan luxury at it's Finest is not true   Room 117 - filthy carpet - broken table - missing handle in the bath   Run down room - we paid to upgrade to a better room than entry level and this is what we were given ,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or530-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Conveyor belt champagne tea,"Treated my sister to an early birthday gift and champagne tea at this place.  Location was good opposite Libertys.  However hotel very unobtrusive and the actual location of the tea was in a room separate from the main hotel.  Full of people having the same tea at small tables.  The actual tea itself was indifferent and not at all special.  Mini sandwiches, cakes and scones.  One glass of champagne which was unremarkable.   Service was adequate.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or530-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Superb Central Location ,"Great location, excellent roof top bar and quirky cells in the downstairs bar. Ideally situated for sight seeing in the heart of London. Quite expensive but worth it, very clean, tidy and well presented spacious rooms. ",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or535-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, average hotel","Firstly, great location right at the top of Carnaby St, two minutes from Oxford Circus underground and an abundance of great food and drink places close at hand.  The lobby and bar area are pleasant and well maintained.   Elsewhere, including the rooms, it could do with a cosmetic refurb as the wooden furniture was well worn and the place was a bit tired.   I used the spa area, which has a small pool and a sauna. I assume they were really tight on space when designing it, as a steam room and jacuzzi would have really added to the experience and not taken up much room but were not there. It is what it is - it was clean and well maintained. Would recommend leaving all valuables in your room as there were no keys for the empty lockers and nobody present to help with that. Myself…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or535-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cinema experience with a sneaky visit to the roof top bar,"The cinema experience was a present from a friend. Beautiful venue with a chilled but sumptuous vibe. After the film we ventured to the roof. Though it was a chilly October evening this was put to the back of our minds with glasses of fizz, beautiful views of Liberty and warm blankets supplied but the waiter. Bliss. Looking forward to a return visit. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or535-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Afternoon Tea,"We treated ourselves to champagne afternoon tea for two. We were warmly greeted and directed by concierge upon arrival to the Carnaby Lounge. We were immediatley greeted by Richard who was very warm, personable and professional. He sat us down and asked when we wished for the champagne. The tea was delicious. We were asked upon sitting if we had any allergies and they amended the sandwiches accordingly - something which not many tea places do without a problem with a last minute notice. I liked how we could choose a filling to replace it with. All the food was to a high quality and delicious. The champagne was chilled to perfection and Richard went out of his way to make us comfortable. One suggestion is they could be more creative with the food presentation or plates as it was…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or535-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Our experience is there are better hotels in the area for the prices charged,"Plus points: Great location with easy access to all of the main attractions in the West  End  and Central London:  Very well appointed public areas and the former cells (replete with toilet bowls) add a quirkiness to the Bar: Good wi-fi throughout the rooms: Very good Roof Terrace bar which I would recommend even if it is cold (heaters and blankets available): Very good swimming pool: Good selection of Sky channels over and above the normal range of Free View channels: Nice, clean room with comfortable bed: Very spacious and modern bathroom: Sound proofing is very good and we slept very well despite being in one of the busiest parts of London: 12, noon check out: Maids who did not pester you in the morning and who respected the Do Not Disturb signs. Areas For Improvement: The…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or535-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",How this got 5 stars is beyond me!,"We booked this through Secret Escapes and it turned out the discount wasn't really a discount as our friends who booked direct ended up paying the same as us anyway! The hotel is a good 3 star at best. Our room faced a back street where they collected all the large wheelie bins at 5am in the morning, Not fun when you've been on a night out! The breakfast is mediocre with the staff being clueless and the chef clearly not the best. They had no HP sauce on both days as they had 'run out'. They didn't bother to go and buy any for the second day either! Our room was ok, but the TV didn't appear to work so we had to call reception to send someone up. They moved the tv and wiggled a few cables which did the trick. So the following night when the TV didn't work again I moved it to…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or540-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Sweet little afternoon tea,I took my other half here for a champagne afternoon tea for 2. This took place in the attached restaurant to the hotel. I could not fault the service and the atmosphere was great. I am not a champagne drinker but this drink went down a treat.  I'm not a tea drinker either and the staff had no problem allowing me to swap my tea for an alternative drink for no extra cost which was great. The food was well presented which was a mixture of finger sandwiches and scones and mini deserts which were tasty and delightful. I recommend this place and felt it was good value for money.,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or540-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"We stayed here for 3 nights for NFL Event! Location was amazing, Staff were excellent - room was great!!! Only negative was that bed was too small for my 6'5 husband, but this is not unusual. We never ate in restaurant as we felt breakfast prices were a little expensive, and location did mean we were in short walking distance of lots of establishment ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or540-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Helpful staff and nice rooms,"I was only here for one night and it was for work, but I arrived earlier than my scheduled check in and had intended to drop my bags and go but they advised me that people had checked out early and I was able to check in.   The room had everything I needed, the internet was fast and the TV had more than enough channels (Sky box in the room). It wasn't working when I first turned it on but a call downstairs had someone up in (literally) a minute and it was resolved.  The bed was comfortable and while the shower was in the bath (I do prefer a separate shower) the water pressure was great.   For a business room it was perfect, but it wasn't big enough that you would consider spending more time than was necessary in there. Very much a place to base yourself but not to spend time in,…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or540-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,"Perfect spot for our short London stay.  Close to great restaurants, walk to theater and shops.  Would definitely stay again.  Beautifully clean rooms and helpful staff.  Loved the location near Carnaby Street and the large, beautiful Liberty store.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or540-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location location Location!,"The biggest asset this hotel has its great location as on the doorstep of Oxford / Regent / Carnaby street. The reception staff are great and the concierge extremely helpful The rooms are ok with all the facilities and amenties you expect. The  housekeeping let the room down , the sheets were a little creased and I always lovely hotels fluffy towels.These were a little grey,crispy and actually had holes in, The kettle also leaked overnight and so avoided using it for an early morning cuppa. The Skybar was a lovely surprise and is great for pre-dinner drinks and has heaters and blankets for use later. The service, however was a little slow when it got busy. We did not have breakfast at the hotel as there was so much choice locally.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or545-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cinema evening,"We booked for the cinema evening and had a cocktail at the bar beforehand. We were able to have our drink in a cell which was fun. The staff are efficient. The cinema is comfortable, you can even buy popcorn! A very enjoyable evening bought as a birthday gift.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or545-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"We went for an Afternoon tea as part of a Virgin Experience deal. Nice decor, love the quirky way they have converted the cells into private areas in the bar , and we did have a nosey at some of the other original Court features. Service was ok, they didn't seem confident in what they were doing and when I requested no mustard in the sandwiches it came out dry, some butter on the bread would have been nice. We were also missing a cake off the display of two each.  It's not the quality of The Ritz but nice enough.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or545-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,Bought this as a treat for my friend and we loved it.great selection of sandwiches and cakes with a glass of champagne to wash it down.also had a choice of teas to choose from.would definitely go again and  great service.would highly recommend.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or545-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, average hotel.","Good: location is hard to beat. Some quirky history and features. Comfortable bed. Breakfast was OK. Bad: TV didn't work, shower was a bit feeble and no iron in the room. Staff were OK. It isn't bad but could do with a bit more of an effort to make it worthy if 4 stars on here.",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or545-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",More like a 3 to 4 star hotel!,"First time staying in this hotel and I only stayed for one night (for business). I picked it purely due its good location and low price compared to surrounding hotels. First off when I arrived on the street I walked passed the hotel as the entrance did not have an obvious sign to say it was The Courthouse.  Once I found it and entered the staff were extremely welcoming at the reception desk. I was put in a room on the fourth floor. The lobby area and lift were really nice but the room was quite disappointing and definitely not 5 star material, or possibly even 4. I don't have much experience of London city hotels, maybe all 5 star hotels here are like this (I think not).  The room was small (which is to be expected in an old building in London) but there was a damp smell and the…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or550-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great base to explore London,"Although when we arrived the hotel hadn't received our booking from the online agent that we had booked with,the reception were very helpful and found us a room. Room very comfortable although we had a 'drilling' noise from somewhere all night,which I found was coming from the bathtap eventually and fixed myself! Breakfast was a bit stretched as so many people were trying to fit in a confined space at the same time and the chef could do with some cookery lessons as we pointed out that the sausages weren't cooked and the bacon was of a poor quality. We would use this hotel again because of the location and great,helpful staff.....but would probably have breakfast elsewhere.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or550-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Aptly Named Hotel!,"Perfect location in the heart of the West End, but sadly, a bog standard, very average hotel. Nice touch in having original cells as part of the bar and the original courthouse as the breakfast room / restaurant, but that's about it on the plus side. Room air con wouldn't go below 23 degrees and wasn't repaired in spite of complaint - The engineer said it would take at least two hours and promised that another engineer would carry out the work the following day, which never happened. I had to repair the shower head myself which was leaking water all over the bathroom!",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or550-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Shopping,What a lovely hotel..! There was a mix up with our room so we were given a upgrade..silk resturant omg..! Its a must the food was amazing..!! Couldnt believe how close we were to all the shops and west end shows all in walking distance we will be back..!,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or550-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Had a Champagne afternoon tea for 2 as part of a Virgin experience gift. We had an assortment of sandwiches , which unfortunately lacked fillings and the bread was starting to get dry,not as fresh tasting as they should have been. The cakes were really mini ones, nothing special, if we were paying for it I would have complained but as it was a gift didn't bother, would I recommend it , no,sorry, shame really , because the hotel it self looks amazing...",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or550-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel & location,Stayed here for 2 nights and the location is perfect. Just off Carnaby Street and a short walk to Regent Strett and Oxford and also Soho. Our room was large and comfortable and would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or555-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Another great break,"Been going to The Courthouse for years! The hotel is in a perfect location, being the top end of Carnaby Street, and Oxford Circus. It is perfectly clean and tidy, and that's not just the rooms! The reception and concierge desks are very helpful, very pleasant and very smart. The bar and restaurants are top notch! Food is very good, if you didn't want to go out, but the bar is fantastic! The old cells are little drinking rooms, but the bar it self is huge. It's very reasonably price for such a prime location. We love it ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or555-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Poor standards,"I had arrived at this hotel last week with a business colleague.  we had both used the same agent but booked separately.  the receptionist at the hotel accepted my booking but told my colleague that he did not recognise his booking and told him he could have a room for nearly twice the price as previously confirmed.. the attitude was appalling which is a pity because otherwise this is a nice hotel... travelling on business for twenty five years I don't think I have ever encountered such a ""couldn't care less"" attitude..",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or555-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",unique.,"the hotel was lovely are were the staff, I enjoyed the stay very much and would come back again in a heartbeat. This hotel has one of the best locations in London you can get anywhere from here either by public transport of on foot. I recommend it to anyone visiting London.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or555-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Dire,dreadful,overpriced,nothing works","This is not a 5 star hotel. Not a 4 star hotel. Possibly a 3 star hotel but one which does not even perform well in that league. No one should stay here if they value service, want things to work or are indifferent to how much they pay for location.  Let's start with the easy stuff. Air con wasn't working, the room safe was broken, the TV had no sound. Probably stuff a decent housekeeping department would notice.  Moving on to housekeeping,it doesn't really function. Most obviously mid afternoon lots of rooms including ours remained unserviced. The towels are not of the quality you expect in a 5 star hotel and there were no face cloths. Toiletries were to motel standard. Only 3 random teabags provided.  Staff. With the honourable exception of the lady who checked us in they are…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or555-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",All good at the Courthouse!,"Great stay here, location is very central to Soho. Rooms are spacious and nicely decorated in calming and modern colours. Ensuite was very well laid out and of a good size. Toileteries included, which is good on a short stay. Breakfast was very ggod, no complaints here.  The ground floor of the hotel especially tells the story of how it has been converted from the old Courthouse and gives it its special charm, it's quiet unique and fun. We got a late deal, not sure if I would give the £400 a night price tag.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or560-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Funky and quirky,"Booked here from an experience voucher. Bar was great and very unique, the quirky seats and the different areas in the cells. Drinks are not cheap but great one off experience. We originally booked to do the cinema experience. Seats were comfortable and the opportunity to buy popcorn was great! We just didn't enjoy the film, so left half way through. We went back into the bar and had the manager come up and ask us what was wrong. We explained and was very friendly and helpful! He took us up to the terrace bar and it was gorgeous up there. It was such a hot day, and views were lovely over London. It really made up for us choosing a bad film. Highly recommend this little secret gem in London for a afternoon/evening out.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or560-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,Had afternoon tea on Sunday  Very pleasant surroundings in the Carnaby room  Food was just right champagne even better and plenty of it  A good selection of exotic teas  Cakes and scones home made and just the right bite size  Sarnies where finger size plenty of nice flavours Very good value ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or560-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,Hotel clean and well presented. Staff seem grumpy pool area not staffed and children tearing it apart. Room service food was cold on arrival. Very good location would look for better value for money hotel in the future but would still consider this hotel on the location,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or560-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Loved it,"I know this has been said before but this hotel really is in a great location.  We wanted to shop, sight see and eat and drink and we could do it all on foot from here - or Oxford Circus tube station is  a minute walk away if you're feeling less energetic.   The hotel has a roof top bar which unfortunately was hosting a party when we were there so too busy but there is an abundance of places on your doorstep.  The room was fine - clean and tastefully decorated  with a comfortable bed with the bonus of Sky tv.   We used this place as a base and it was perfect.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or560-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stop and eat,We stopped here when visiting Haworth lovely old hotel each room decorated beautifully .. Good price we also eat in the restaurant that evening ( early doors menu) which was very good value staff very helpful and friendly Restaurant must be very popular as on a Wednesday evening it was almost full ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or565-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL- MATTRESSES DENTED/CAN FEEL SPRINGS-DON'T STAY HERE,"We stayed for our 15th wedding anniversary in July. Horrendous stay. Hotel is not well looked after at all - signs of wear and tear everywhere - which is such a shame as the rooms have potential and character and the location is fantastic. Sadly its impossible to sleep on such an old dented mattress. I complained the next morning (it was only a one night stay (thank goodness) but at £300 a night you would expect a decent mattress even if the rooms need refurbishing. This is not acceptable for any hotel, let alone a (apparently) 5 star hotel. I would have slept better at a Premier Inn (which by the way would have refunded my stay if I couldn't sleep well)- this is what you would expect from any decent hotel. After speaking to the manager and e-mailing, I was offered a discounted…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or565-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location,"Excellent location to access SOHO and convenient for shoppers. Hotel staff are kind and courteous. Hotel was generous to provide early check in and check out. Owner has ensured that guests are comfortable and their needs are taken care off. Hotel was really pro-active in helping me with baby food, heating food for my 4 year old daughter. Reception staff are very polite and helpful. Strongly recommend everyone to stay here.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or565-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant Location,Picked this hotel so we were near Soho - brilliant location and easily accessible for shopping as well as hotel was opposite Carnaby Street and round the corner from Oxford Street.  No complaints with the room generally (although we did have to ask for a new light bulb in the bedside lamp and the shower head needed to be secured but these were actioned straightaway) and it was very quiet.  Tried out the roof terrace bar which was a nice change even though the drinks were a bit on the expensive side.  We initially had 'room only' on the first night and pleased we did as there were many places locally to go for breakfast.  We had an early start on the second day so did have breakfast (booked in advance at a cheaper rate) and it was very good.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or565-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Locations - Paper thin walls,"I've just arrived home from my stay in this hotel.  I am so tired; why? Because the beds are so uncomfortable they move every time you move and the room walls are SO THIN I could hear my neighbours having sex at 2.30am and 6am. EVERY.SINGLE.BIT!  How can you have a hotel with walls so thin?   Tired and grumpy I went to breakfast. I asked for poached eggs to be made fresh (as per the menu) and enquired if they would grill some mushrooms, and I didn't want the oily ones ""No, only those"" she points and walks off... rude.  Ok... lets go to the spa and chill. SPA? SPA? It's a VERY COLD small swimming pool with broken parts in it (internal light hanging off the wall) with things floating in it, a sauna (which was OK) and a changing room that STUNK of sewage- absolutely vile. I spent…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or565-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Favorite hotel in soho,"I have a business trip to Soho area occasionally, and this is my favorite hotel. I've stayed at Standard Double and Superior Double, but Standard one is great enough, with features listed below: -convenient location -spacious room -bathtub (important for Japanese 日本人にはお風呂があってうれしい) -fridge (minibar) -extremely comfortable bed -individually controlled AC -Free internet connection (Wifi & wired LAN) -Big desk -Kettle and free tea set",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or570-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Bad beds, Bad bed.. the mattress so old and damage so you cannot sleep on it. I tried 4 rooms as a solution and all have the same issue. Additionally the house keeping are not up to the 5 stars standards.  Not recommended at all.,Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or570-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat,I came here with a friend for afternoon tea which was amazing!!! The staff I found to be helpful and friendly. The cakes and sandwiches were gorgeous!   We had a drink in one of the cells! Which was funny and then went to watch labyrinth in their cinema... I could thoroughly recommended it as a birthday treat!   They show different films so you'd need to check on line but our showing was busy so book up in advance.   We didn't see the rooms so cannot comment on that side of things but afternoon tea and a film was really worth it! ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or570-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",definitely NOT 5*,"The hotel wasn't my choice and was booked for us by someone else. We had a Superior Queen room booked. Finding the hotel was easy enough it is very close to Oxford Circus just leave by the Argyll Street exit and turn right then at Liberty turn left it's just past the Palladium. So the location is great, our room was ready for us although we were a little early. The receptionist was friendly, we made our way to our room on the 3rd floor. When we got there the keycards didn't work, we tried several times I then managed to attract the attention of a housekeeper who let us in when she figured out what I was saying as I'm fairly sure she didn't understand English...  The room whilst bigger than I expected there was far to much furniture in it, more than in my living room! A case…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or570-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not the quality one would expect...,"Let's start with the positive... Great location, just off Regent Street, across from Liberty...  For the rest I don't have a lot of real good things to say about this hotel... Some talking points - in no real order of importance...  Upon check-in (6PM) nobody at the front desk, I had to wait for somebody to show up...weird... Wifi is included but didn't work - I travel all over the world and I can connect everywhere - concierge was sent to my room to help but couldn't get it either - I stopped him when he wanted to change all parameters on my iPad - then said iPads always are trouble... Heeee...it's 2016.... Bathroom very small (okay) but really worn out... Basically you would expect this in a 2 or 3 star hotel but not here - I believe they claim to be 5 star...  I won't be…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or570-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible service,"I stayed at the hotel with my good friend, wanting to enjoy London for 3 days. Since the first moment we walked in, the staff at the reception was incredibly unkind and rude. No smile, no warm welcome, instead very grumpy and arrogant answers. This did not change throughout the entire stay, making us desperately wish we had spent our money somewhere else.  The location is good, they even have a nice facility of the rooftop terrace. Yet, the overall service is so bad, that I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and wish I could get it refunded.  Next to that, the decor looks cheap and old. And small extra's, such as re-filling the minibar, or turndown service did not happen.  Very very bad experience!!!!!",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or575-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weeks stay,"Great location for shopping and very presentable on entry. Reception staff very friendly and helpful, upgraded room which was nice, however, there was a slight smell of sewage and the room smelled of cigarette smoke. The bed was a super King but was really 2 singles pushed together and they could do with the mattresses changing as they both dipped in the middle. There was building work being carried out by the hotel, so this should really be made aware of to the guests even if it's temporary. At 2200 the rubbish men collected the bins and were very load. One last thing, a little more care when cleaning the rooms wouldn't go a miss, as it felt like it was just the bed being made and that's it. All in all, perfect location but could be really nice with some tweaking ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or575-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great locatiom,"The hotel is located very nicely at the shopping belt. The rooms are of decent size and the hotel is pretty well kept. However, the concierge , I am afraid has lots of room for improvement. From bad attitude to not my problem attitude, tats their concierge. ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or575-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",AUGUST VISIT,Have stayed here many times.Very convenient position On this occasion arrived about 12.30 but only had to wait till 2.30 for a room Good sized rooms for London and nice bathroom Lovely roof terrace Pleasant and welcoming staff This visit we did not have breakfast but on previous visits was good,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or575-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Shabby, Stale, Awful Staff","Booked this for a Saturday 1 night stay, website looked great, paid a fair amount for a Superior King Room.   The whole hotel beyond reception smelled stale and dirty and this only got worse within our room.  The furniture was dirty, marked and shabby although the bed and bathroom were clean.   At 8am the following morning we were awoken by workmen dismantling scaffolding about 10 metres outside of our room. To cut a long story short the hotel refused to ask the scaffolders to cease their illegal activity (which was causing distress to their guests, I overheard other guests along the same corridor complaining). This hotel is the worst example of how to operate in the hospitality industry and without a doubt the most unpleasant stay that I’ve experienced.   I would not recommend…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or575-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very comfortable,"Excellent sized Queen room. Decor a little dated (1990s) but very clean and well-maintained. Bed very comfortable. Midday checkout on Saturday was useful as I went for a swim and used the sauna when I woke up. Pool was small but warm and relaxing. Sauna also small but enjoyable.  Rooftop bar was good. Had an aperitif before going to the theatre. The service was frosty though - could definitely be more friendly/ approachable.  Excellent location for Oxford Circus, Carnaby Street and the Palladium.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or580-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat ,"Hotel location perfect, 2 minute walk from Oxford Circus   Great building, trip down memory lane for my husband who came to the court regularly back in the day(work not a criminal lol). The original features are great.   Room lovely, we had a standard double, the kids got an upgrade as they messed the booking up (double rather than twin we booked) so the kids got a superior twin  Bathroom lovely although my husband thought the shower wasn't brilliant  Bed firm, that's ok for me, I prefer a firm mattress  Hotel is close to lots of restaurants so lots to choose from  Breakfast was gorgeous, plenty of hit fresh food, fruit, cold meats, yogurts, pastries   You can order additional food such as; poached eggs, omelettes etc  Was overall a lovely stay and would/will return 👍 ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or580-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","It's been said before, but this hotel is all about the location","Pretty much everyone has said it already: This hotel's location just cannot be beat. Carnaby Street, Regent Street, Palladium, Liberty, so many places in walking distance from the hotel. But the hotel is a different story. We supposedly received a renovated room on the 4th floor, but it simply faced another building and was so dingy it was embarassing. Thankfully it was clean. The bathroom was truly a challenge to use as the water seeps through the tiny glass partition and gets the entire floor very wet. And no plugs in the bathroom except for shavers! How are you supposed to dry your hair (though, after experiencing how wet it gets after showering, it may be a safety issue)? They really need to renovate this place. I found the concierges to be very helpful and kind, the…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or580-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Long weekend in the city,"You literally pay for the location.   With a grand entrance and modern decor you're met by amazing staff. The only downside to this hotel is the lack of the 'wow factor' and also the tired looking furniture in the room.  For the cost I expected more, rightly or wrongly.  Great rooftop bar with excellent service and a good atmosphere.  The food was to a good standard and breakfast is a must.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or580-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We had a lovely afternoon tea, with all the things you would expect, the Scones were probably the nicest I have ever eaten, so light, and the staff were very friendly. When we finished we went for a drink in the bar, which still contains the original Cells from the old Courthouse, so if you want to see a slice of London  history off the beaten tourist train come here, the Champagne Cocktails were excellent also. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or580-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",NOT WORRH THE MONEY,"This is the 1st time I have ever done a review, I hate be  negative  but £240 for one night is  disgusting. The location is great.  we arrived to a nice welcome but could of easily walked straight pass the hotel. A  Tiny ""courthouse"" sign on the side of the entrance hidden behind a huge plant. It's ment to be a 5* hotel, far from it. It's quite tatty in side . Big hole in carpet on level 2 on the way to our room, big stain from a leek on the sealing in there bar and the furniture has seen better days in the bar and  reception area. We went to there roof top bar to have drinks and a snack, we waited 1 hour and 20 mins for our snacks, we asked twice where is our food and no one knew. We ordered another round of drinks and after 20 mins we had to ask again where our drinks were. In…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or585-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely central stay,"The location of this hotel is amazing, round the corner from Oxford Circus tube station and Oxford street shops. Cross the road and you soon find Carnaby street. We had a free upgrade and the room was lovely, massive king size bed. There is a swimming pool and sauna for guest use. Sky terrace bar is nice in the sun but not the best views. Staff were friendly and helpful. Overall a lovely stay ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or585-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Afternoon Tea,This was purchased as a gift via Virgin Experience Days.  Booking was made over the phone with the hotel staff and was very easy.  Arriving at the hotel it wasn't immediately clear where we had to go for our afternoon tea.  Perhaps some clearer signage could be implemented to make this easier.  We were allowed a choice of tables and the server asked if we would like our champagne straight away.  It was quickly brought over and he proceeded to talk us through the menu options.    The food was brought out fairly promptly and was of very good quality.  There was plenty for 2 people and very well presented.  I don't drink tea but was able to substitute a pot of tea for a lemonade without fuss or incurring any charges.  Overall I was very impressed.  The service was very good and we…,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or585-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location is great but not worth the price,"We went to this hotel since it was my husbands first time in London and we wanted to be in the centre of it. Location wise, this hotel was great. We were only 3 minutes away from the Oxford Tube Station. Taxis can easily be found on the main road and a bicycle station was down the road.   The hotel is an old refurnished courthouse (hence the name); you could miss it if you weren't looking for it. No concierge outside, had to take our luggage inside ourselves. The staff are helpful and polite but don't seem very friendly. The room is quite small but it didn't matter to us as we only came there to dump shopping bags and to sleep. We had already paid for breakfast but after eating for 2-3 days wish we hadn't. Not worth the extra money since there wasn't much variety.   I wish I…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or585-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Okay but not up to expectations,"For a quick London getaway this hotel is in a perfect position for shopping, shows and transport. Service is definitely not 5 star nor are the amenities. Cool bars on site, didn't get a chance to try the food.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or585-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",It's ok!,"At the top of Carnaby Street, this hotel is great for shopping and sightseeing. Don't expect 5* service or indeed rooms. The hotel is in need of an upgrade. If your room is next to the lift it can be noisy. The staff are friendly but slow and requests are sometimes ignored. The roof terrace is great on hot summer nights but can get crowded and you definitely don't want the room next to it as its noisy.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or590-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Afternoon tea was part of a day trip package deal with the Daily Mail. Since booking this   champagne tea which was a belated birthday treat for my husband, we both are now teetotal. I asked the waitress if we could have non-alcoholic drink instead of the champagne. I was told yes but there would be a charge.We decided not to have either. This was a bit of a minor set back. The rest was delightful, the sandwiches were tasty, the warm scones were wonderful and the lemongrass, ginger and citrus tea was probably the best tea I've ever had.The surroundings were classy and it made a nice bolt hole from the busy streets of London.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or590-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea at The Courthouse Hotel,"We were greeted courteously at the hotel reception and directed to the tea room, where, again, we were met promptly and seated straight away. The waitresses were all friendly and efficient. However, I have to say I found the little tea room lacked atmosphere and, to my view, was colourless and rather austere. We had a glass of champagne and our afternoon tea was presented without too much wait. However, we found the bread rather dry and the scones/cakes small and bland. Unlike another reviewer, we were not asked if everything was OK, whether we required more tea or sandwiches/cakes (not that we would have). So, overall, I'm sorry to say a disappointing experience - but each to their own - others have raved about it, so it's down to personal opinion.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or590-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Loced it!,"We stayed there one night and booked there. And here comes one of the tiny flaws. We had to wait over half an hour for the booking to get through the system. It would be recommended to improve on this one. Otherwise the hotel is beautiful, it's history is amusing and I just love love love the bar. Whoever goes there will understand why. It's brilliant. Well done! :)  The room is very comfortable and nicely designed. The other flaw is that when I opened the curtains in the morning  ( I have to say not fully dressed) I had someone else looking back from the hotel's old building side from about 1 meter distance. It was very uncomfortable. I don't know how but it would be good to solve this problem.  Basically we could easily see into each other's room even in the daylight.   The…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or590-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away,"Booked thru internet search engine previous hotel had not lived up to hype, however the courthouse did, the room was spotlessly clean facilities good reception and staff around the hotel friendly, a couple of small issues sorted very promptly that is always a good sign, visited the sky terrace but weather not too good but looks a good place to relax all in all a good place to stay.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or590-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A room with a view,A room with a view (a brick wall) Once again an English Cupbord size room with a beautiful bed lovely warm shower.  Snobby staff  who turn people away if they do not like the look of them..   Typical English rainy day  We're standing at reception soaking wet with raincoats on  Rude reception guy tells us the hotel is full although we are already guests at the hotel   And only wanted swimming pool informations,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or595-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Mr,Fantastic hotel in perfect location with excellent rooms and breakfast. This hotel is in the heart of shopping and theatre land. There are many good restaurants and bars nearby. The staff are so polite.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or595-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place good stay ,Really nice place and very quirky. The rooms are great but the food is special and the service even better.   The bar is set in an old courthouse and the sells have even been turned into places to sit with little tables etc.   Highly recommended to anyone looking for a nice little night away. ,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or595-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Just a one nighter ,I found this hotel to be excellent. From moment of check in to checking out the following day. The receptionist could not be any more pleasant very friendly and informative. Well done to her.. 1st impressions count. As i was meeting my husband later on I was too early for check-in so the lovely guys at concerierge looked after my bags as I went out to explore the local area. Excellent for shopping food and local theaters near by.. When we returned the same receptionist as earlier checked us in. Rooms excellent we were room 405. A bit noisy in the morning with the local deliveries outside but expected if in the heart of London at least it was an extra encouragement for getting up for breakfast. .. Bed comfortable and spacious. Washroom facilities excellent and the complimentarys…,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or595-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Rooms - Everything Else Will Improve With Time,"The actual hotel, rooms and facilities are fantastic. Really lovely but everything else just needs a bit of work and time to become a bit smoother. Staff are lovely but feel they just need more training which would make checking in/out, bar service and breakfast a bit smoother and an overall better experience. Hotel doesnt seem to have scrimped any where else so not sure why they have on staff training and recruitment?",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or595-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Two star return,"We tried this hotel for the second time, and again the same things that were wrong the first time are still wrong, this is rated a 5 star hotel and with this rating you would think that they should have all the 5 star treatment, we had very slow and poorly handled checking in to start with, we were given the same room as we had the first time we came here and the carpet which is badly stained is still down and still very badly stained, the room again was not made up after we had been out all day, the pillows on the bed are the worst pillows we have ever had in any hotel, the breakfast is simply awful, well presented like the hotel but like the staff in the hotel it was cold. We tried on a few occasions to get a six seater taxi through the concierge service but failed, apart from…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or600-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Went in using a voucher from an 'experience day' company...met by a German (I think)  lady called Anne, great great service....thank you The afternoon tea was good, the service prompt, the champagne chilled just about right. Thoroughly enjoyed it...my only criticism would be the room (carnaby room) looks like it could do with a bit of attention/tidying up....not up to scratch compared to what the hotel looks like...far from poor, but not as good.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or600-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Super Stay in Central London!! Location Location Location !!!,"We stayed at this hotel for a week end of June and only have great things to say. It is one of the best located hotel around Oxford Street and has a fantastic Sky Bar , which is always lively and buzzing with great atmosphere every evening. Very friendly staff, great food at the Silk restaurant and the Carnaby Coffee shop...  Highly recommended Hotel both for business and leisure travelers.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or600-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel with a history and a great location,"Right across the street from the iconic and historical Liberty. The hotel used to be a courthouse, hence the name and the history.  Very close to the tube. The  hotel is located on Great Marlborough Street in West London. The lobby has a massive vaulted ceiling and frescos and the rooms are spacious and quiet. The breakfast room has a cloud fresco and the desk was helpful when sorting out the best route for our many rendez-vouse.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or600-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, Great Location, Horribly Expensive","Location: Fantastic. Just around the corner from the Palladium theatre, so great if you are going to see a show there. Also convenient for Oxford Street, Regent Street, Carnaby Street and Piccadilly Circus. Lots of bars, coffee shops and eateries nearby.  Service: Receptionist was prompt, friendly and helpful, as was the barman at the downstairs bar.  Room:  We took the Superior Queen. Not a particularly big room, but had a king size bed, small sofa, desk, plenty of clothes storage, hairdryer, safe etc... everything you would expect.  Also had a kettle and some teas/coffees, plus a mini bar. Wifi signal was good.  View just looked at the back of other buildings. Bathroom had bath with a shower fitting, toilet, bidet, wash basin - reasonable size and nice and clean, with…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or600-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Wow this place has gone down hill,"So its been a while since I last stayed here and this place has gone from good to blah. Let's start with check in. .  . nothing better than a long line of people waiting to check in, one person behind the counter, while three other employees  at the concierge desk  chatting and laughing among themselves while occasionally looking over at the people waiting (which is awesome when you have been flying for 12 hours).  The place is in general need of a freshen up, lights missing bulbs, fixtures twisted on the wall, the carpet is stained and worn, the curtains not hanging correctly in the room. The bed was slumping on the one side near the phone, with a hard wooden separator in the middle and I could feel the springs and coils.  Most of the house keeping staff don't speak English (if…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or605-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Can't beat the Location!,"This is a very unique and quirky hotel in the most central and convenient location!   The hotel has many original features from when it used to be an actual 'courthouse' hence the name! The cells in the bar area are a great feature of the hotel and is very surreal! A great place to have a few drinks and it certainly is a conversation starter!  We originally booked a Superior Queen room, but upon check in we were offered a King room for £20 extra. We took this option and we're so glad we did! The room was very nice, clean and very spacious.  We would have given this hotel a 5 star rating, but when we arrived at 2pm (the designated check in time) our room was still not ready.. Not really acceptable considering we even paid for an upgrade!  This was our second stay at the…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or605-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Quirky!,"A very well situated hotel which has made good use of some of its inherited facilities. The cells in the bar area and the restaurants in the  court rooms add a novelty to the place. Staff were friendly and efficient. The hotel rooms were fine although ours lacked a little in terms of wardrobe space - I would not want to stay a week in that room. The hotel offers a sky terrace from late afternoon where you can take lunch or a drink. The wine list through the establishment offers a reasonable choice with quite a few wines by the glass.  Had lunch, breakfast and dinner on site. Overall my opinion of the food is mixed. The fries at lunch were not cooked properly and the bacon at breakfast was probably the worst piece of bacon I have had in a long time but - the rest of breakfast was…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or605-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location","Had a two day visit in June 2015. At that time the renovations as per other reviews had just begun - although a very grand although tired hotel - it sounds like the new renovations have certainly lifted the standard. Generous sized rooms and bed/linen/bathroom all more than adequate. We didn't have breakfast onsite as the location of this hotel -  is set for trying out and exploring all the options close by.  Next door to the hotel is a Pain Quotidian, an excellent choice for breakfast.It is  directly across the street from Carnaby Street, and Liberty of London department store. The Palladium Theater is next door.  Regent Street extremely close. This is a the perfect location and neighborhood and provides all the restaurants and shops you could want. Location, location, location!",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or605-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Falling apart,"The check in staff was very kind by letting us check in very early after a long international flight, which was very very nice of them. However, the room left much to be desired. There were parts of the walls that had bare drywall with no joint compound around the edges; completely in the middle of construction or left undone! In other spots the paint was peeling and hanging from the walls and ceiling. The carpet used to be cream color but it was nearly black with wear. Excellent location but the room itself was disgusting. Not the 5 star hotel that I paid for! Last year we stayed at the Intercontinental Hyde Park and it was actually worth the money; don't stay here!",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or605-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location!,Location of this hotel was great. Walking distance to many things. My only complaint about this hotel was the beds and pillows. Both pillows were paper thin and the bed was hard as rocks. I stayed here for 7 nights and work up numerous times during the night because of being uncomfortable.,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or610-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel! ,"Having stayed in London multiple times, my mum and I both agreed that this was the best hotel we'd stayed in!   Although there were some minor problems, such as a small leak in the bathroom sink, the standard twin room we opted for was both extremely spacious and extremely clean. We had a wonderful nights sleep and were extremely happy with the facilities in the room, especially the big TV with Sky Movies and Sky Sports!   The breakfast in The Waiting Room was absolutely wonderful and the staff were lovely, always smiling, bright, happy and polite. We couldn't fault it at all.   Overall our stay was lovely, we felt very welcomed and at home immediately, especially because the staff were all so polite and friendly, the nicest we've encountered in London!   Would have no…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or610-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weekendtrip,"Booked a secret escapes night at the hotel with my wife. It was the first time i used the offer, so i was not sure what to expect. But everything was ok. Payment was made and room was ready The hotel was very nice, the location must be one of the best in london. Just beside oxford street, 10 min walk yo picadelly circus. 20 min walk to buckingham palace. 10 min walk to jamie olivers diner and 10 min walk to mash london It is simply fantastic that you can walk home to the hotel in 10 mins after seeing a theatre show at piccadelly street Room was very nice and service in desk was good. Only bad thing was the madrasse in the bed, but that does not affect the overall impression  This hotel is a must booking if you want to be able to walk home from shopping, theatre shows,…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or610-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice room - Great Location,"Having blindly bid on this property on Priceline, I was apprehensive having read some of the other reviews.  I was in a Superior King room, and had contacted the hotel by email a few days prior to arriving to request a modernised room on a high floor within a quiet area of the hotel.  We arrived before 11am, and we were surprised and happy to find that our room was ready and available.  The room was on the fifth floor and overlooked offices so I knew it would be quiet from road noise and revellers.  Big bed was convertible though it was two singles together causing a ridge down the middle but this was not an issue as it was so big.  The furniture had a few dings low down on the edges which look to be caused by luggage, but not any worse than other hotels I had stayed in.  The…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or610-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 5 star hotel,"The only 5 star about this hotel is the location and price.  We had 2 rooms for 4 nights and both rooms had maintenance problems.  Lights in bathrooms did not work, outlets were hanging on the walls!  Shower glass allowed the water to soak the bathroom, and the lobby furniture is broken.  I would think the staff would be able to see the missing legs on the couches in addition to the severely ripped fabric off of their frames.  You feel like you are paying to stay at the Ritz while being in a Goodwill or youth hostel facility.  Management needs to wake up and realize your guests see these things!  Will never recommend this hotel to any other person unless there is a complete overhaul.",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or610-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,We spent seven of the most uncomfortable nights of our lives at this hotel. Not only was the bed sunken its springs were poking us in the back. We complained and a mattress cover was placed on bed. Did stuff all. We found the staff hard to understand and generally quite unhelpful. The only thing going for this place is the location.,Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or615-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely room with a view of the BT Tower,"I was given a room on the top floor of the hotel, and away from the roof top terrace. The room was newly refurbished, and I was asked by the front desk clerk and also the cleaner whether the room met my expectations. Both women seemed very concerned that I liked the room. The bathroom was gorgeous with beautiful marble and lovely fixtures. The room came fully stocked with a kettle, teas, milk and sugar, which are very much appreciated. The TV was a bit quirky to use, but once I got the knack of turning it on,  was great, with plenty of channels to chose from. The bed was super comfortable, and for one person, there was plenty of room to store my clothes, bags and toiletries. It would have been nice if there was a chair in the room, but I managed quite well. The lobby was…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or615-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Just ADEQUATE really.,"Had a one night break here last Saturday as we had been bought a voucher for the Asian Fusion restaurant SILK which is in the Courthouse Hotel. The meal was fantastic please see separate review. The hotel however was just ""Adequate to be honest. For a one night stay we paid nearly £400. For that I would have expected the following ; 1) the room to be ready at 2pm as advertised, not have to sit in the lobby for 40 mins with our bags until 2,40. 2) more than 6 coat hangers between 2 wardrobes. 3) A slightly better quality of comp toiletries, not the micro packaged stuff we had which looked like free samples from ""Superdrug"". 4) More than one large and one small towel each. 5) A ROBE would have been nice. 6) our room service breakfast (We always treat ourselves when we have a city…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or615-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break,"Staff were very pleasant and polite. We arrived for the champagne afternoon tea which was really yummy. Hotel room was adequate for what we wanted, very clean and tidy. Buffet breakfast could have been hotter but there was plenty of choice. The hotel itself is very quirky will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or615-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",perfect position!,"the room was a bit tired but comfortable,view from the room was horrible,just offices but that meant it was very quiet!! slept very well! as in every hotel more milk sugar etc was needed but i'm sure if we asked we could of had more. perfect position,walked to Oxford circus,Leicester square,Covent garden,oxford street,Regent st. and Carnaby street and Liberty's just opposite the hotel. the hotel was quirky,with the cells and court room. kamil(I think he was bar manager) was lovely,helpful,efficient and friendly! thank you! wifi not too good!",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or615-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not the usual faceless corporate stay!,"If you are looking for a central London hotel, a few minutes walk from an underground station, surrounded by shops, bars and general hubbub, this is the hotel stay for you.  We choose a queen room - good size, nice bathroom, good a/c, and despite location, surprisingly quiet.  The hotel itself is quite quirky - the restaurant is in the old courtroom, the bar the old holding cells.  Breakfast is adequate .  Overall recommended - although lack of attention to detail could become irritating e.g a kettle that doesn't work in the room, morning tea made with not boiling water, no-one noticing the breakfast bar had run out of juice...  But would we stay again ? In a flash.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or620-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","The truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth!","Room  On arrival we were upgraded to a superior room on the 4thfloor and found it to be big, clean and modern with a great bathroom. Huge selection of TV channels including Sky Sports and free Cloud WI FI.  Hotel Food.  We never ate in the Hotel. Having said that I can’t see why you would, your in the centre of London with some of the best places to eat in the world. Must be a hard sell for the Hotel to keep people in their restaurant on a night they’d need to have Jamie Oliver and Gordon Ramsey handing you the food in person. Didn’t want any breakfast just popped to Pret opposite the hotel.  Hotel Bar’s  Downstairs bar has 3 old converted prison cells which is a very quirky place to have a drink. Mick Jagger, Keith Richards and John Lydon all had court cases here in the past…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or620-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",GOOD CHOICE,"We made a good choice booking the Courthouse Hotel, very good hotel in a very very good location. We booked a deluxe room with double bed and we were more than delighted with it, decent size with a nice modern ensuite. Most of all clean and very comfortable. Location was wonderful, shops, restaurants and theatres all walking distance.   Will definitely book here again on next visit to London...  Andy L",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or620-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great weekend rubbish hotel,"Stayed at the courthouse june 3rd till 5th 2016... as we arrived we were told that we had been upgraded to the queens suit... GREAT we thought but how wrong was we... Lights in the bathroom not fitted correctly, shower screen to small water all over the floor after shower.. cupboard doors in room didnt fit properly at all. Beakfast was a full english buffet but was cold.. For a 5 star hotel food should be cooked to order. Asfor the so called CHAMPGNE TEA FOR TWO WHAT A JOKE.!!!! I think they must have used one slice of ham for all the tables that were being served... couldnt even cut the crusts off properly... JUST BECAUSE ITS LONDON DOESNT MEAN YOU HAVE TO RIP PEOPLE OFF.!!",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or620-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fab hotel!,"Me and my husband had the pleasure of staying here for two nights. It was my birthday so my husband had surprised me with a posh hotel! It was really lovely inside, very stylish. The room we had was a superior queen room, very spacious with a lovely bathroom. The great thing was there was a pool on the lower floor which we could use, it had a sauna as well. You could also pay extra for spa treatments if you wanted but I just used the swimming pool. It's not a big pool but it was really nice to be able to have a swim.  There was also a rooftop bar! We went up there on the Saturday night, they provide blankets too just incase you get cold which I thought was a nice idea! Really enjoyed my stay at this hotel, not cheap, but where is in London! Will definitely go here agin!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or620-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Shabby for a '5 star' hotel,"I stayed here for 2 nights and I have to say, for almost £400 for 2 nights, it certainly isn't worth the money.   The room was very shabby. Broken kettle, broken cupboard doors, holes in the curtains.   Breakfast was a huge disappointment. I'd expect in a 5 star hotel to at least be able to get a poached or fried egg. But no. Breakfast was a sloppy buffet. I've had better buffet breakfasts at a Travelodge.   Luckily for me, this was on business and I wasn't paying, but in the future I won't be staying here again I'm afraid. ",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or625-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Unique Hotel in perfect location,"We arrived on my birthday (we are only 50 minutes away by train) having booked the champagne cinema evening but thought we would stay over. The room was pricey but this is the west end and we knew we would be in the perfect location, we were not disappointed! The room was a King room which had been upgraded from the Queen room that i had booked. It was what i would expect from a London 5 star hotel and everything was clean and tidy - the only thing that was missing was the plug for the bath, this was quickly rectified. My only disappointment was that this was a King room but it looked straight into an enormous open plan office block who could see us as clearly as we could see them if we put the light on so we had to keep the curtains pulled even in the day time of we felt like…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or625-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, that's about it!","Stayed here over the bank holiday weekend so for mine and my partners birthday. Is a great central location close to Oxford street, Soho and Leicester square. We arrived on time and I have to say the reception staff were far from enthusiastic but we eventually got our room after having to wait in the bar. The rooms were nice but ours could certainly of done with some simple maintenance (shower leaked, toilet leaked, window rattled). On the whole Though a nice room and well equipped with what you expect.  The problem for me occurred during the smaller hours of the morning, we appeared to be in a room just above the bins and the hotel staff almost on the hour every hour decided to throw away glass bottles and keep me awake. Let's just say I didn't have a great nights sleep, I know…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or625-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat ,"This was a birthday treat from our son and daughter in law for my wife. The arranged for afternoon tea with champagne. We were booked in for 3 pm and arrived early which wasn't a problem for the hotel, we were shown into the room and seated. The hotel is impressive and a famous courthouse which has dealt with many high profile cases in years gone by there are many pictures of these cases inside, location is opposite Carnaby Street. The afternoon tea was quintessential English and a special treat for us. There are an array of flavours of tea's to be sampled but we had breakfast tea, there is small selection of sandwiches and cakes. We felt this wad a unique experience for us and thoroughly enjoyed it. I would recommend this to anyone who is unsure.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or625-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday Treat,"We arrived early to the hotel expecting that our room would not be ready until 2 o'clock but, we were able to check in and go up to our room on arrival The room was beautifully clean with lots of great little extras. We both enjoyed the big television. The location of the hotel was wonderful and central and the best part is, when it came to sleeping, you would not of known that the hotel was in the middle of Central London - best night ever in a London hotel. The only slight gripe we had were the barman, we ordered two cocktails, didn't receive a smile or hello and got charged service. Overall a brilliant stay and we will be back!",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or625-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Champagne Tea,The website pictures led us to expect something quite different. In fact what we received was okay but no more. The ambiance was more a tea room than a 5 star hotel. Food was good as was the champagne. This was a celebration event and although we did not let it ruin our day it did not add to it as we hoped. ,Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or630-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed in better two stars.,Where to start??? Poor service. No one offered to help with our bags. Had to change rooms as they didn't put us in a smoking room as requested. Smoking room had no ashtray. Room had no bed side lamp. Stone cold breakfast. No availability in the spa. Complained the manager said they would refund a small amount of money then didn't. Location was perfect but not worth the money. ,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or630-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Afternoon Tea ,"Really enjoyed our trip to this old court house. It's not the Ritz or Savoy and we didn't expect it to be. The sandwiches (actually they were rolls) were tasty and fresh, the cakes and scones plentiful and delicious and the tea 'on tap'.  Found the staff pleasant, attentive and helpful. Would definitely visit again. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or630-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location that's where it ends, unfortunately ","The websites official description is... A Contemporary Design Hotel with History The Courthouse hotel is a 5 star luxury hotel ideally located in bustling Central London. Our hotel is situated where stylish Mayfair, fashionable Soho and the West End meet and is within walking distance of London’s finest shopping streets, tourist attractions and theatreland. A stone’s throw away from the famous Liberty London department store, this contemporary design hotel is situated in an old Grade II Listed Magistrates Court, retaining much of its original historical features but with a modern twist.  Sounds great.. 5 stars this is certainly not. Our room was a 'classic' more dingy than classic.   Desperately in need of a paint makeover, broken kettle which would breach any health and safety…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or630-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel in the Central of London,"Nice and clean hotel. The staff is friendly, councierge helpful. The rooms and the bathroom have a great size and it´s very clean. You are opposite of the entry of carnaby street and you have a 5 min. walk to piccadilly cirques, 2 min. to the next underground station, and a few min. to Oxford and Regant Street. It´s great there. In the heart of London .... They have a really cool bar at the hotel with good cocktails ... i can recomand this hotel it has a very good quality for a good price. Ther were only 2 small things, the wifi was timewise not working good and our room keys are not working 2 times, but these are very little things and they fixed everything very fast ;)",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or630-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The worst spa day of my life,I came a few minutes late and they cut off 40 minutes from my appointment because they claimed to be fully booked but after my appointment the spa was completely  empty! The therapists were very rude and treated me in an awful manner lifting their voices at me and dismissed my concern over reciving less than half the treatment I payed for which cost £100,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or635-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel - great location,"Stayed here for one night as we had tickets to see Adele at the O2. Check in was fine, one room wasn't ready (we booked 2) but we did arrive early so we weren't too bothered, we just dumped everything in the room that was ready. Staff were helpful as we weren't sure how t get t the O2 - tube is the best option. The rooms are spotless and a good size. Sky TV too! The location is spot on. Literally minutes away from Oxford Circus tube station and Oxford Street. We had breakfast which was lovely, hot and cold so plenty of choice. It is a bit pricey but I've booked again to stay in June :) ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or635-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The best location,"Hotel is just off regents street and Oxford street so perfect for shopping . I have never stayed in such a lovely quiet hotel , the staff were all very friendly and helpful , the hotel is well presented and rooms , areas are very clean. Very comfortable rooms and beds. The fact is was the old courthouse and retains many original features make it unique.  The spa is very small and needs upgrading for such a hotel, however the treatment was amazing and the therapists were lovely , spa just a bit small and facilities looking tired,  Breakfast was ample with a choice of just about everything although the hot food was sometimes warm as opposed to hot , overall very nice and would stay again .",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or635-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Afternoon Tea at this lovely hotel.,"Me and my friend visited this hotel for champagne afternoon tea as part of a virgin experience day that I received for my birthday.   I can only comment on the afternoon tea as that is all we came here for and we were not staying at this hotel or walked around it.   We arrived 5 mins or so late for our reservation (London traffic) but the staff still accommodated us and found us a lovely table near the window. Our waitress was really lovely and friendly and so so helpful. My friend needed gluten free food and they happily gave her such, and I didn't like one of the sandwich choices which they happily changed for us with no problem at all. We both got to choose our individual tea flavor which is good as my friend loves all the fruity teas and I love just traditional. We were…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or635-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Character hotel in central London.,"The hotel was formely a magistrates court dating back to the 1800s.   It still retains many of its features.    This includes the Judges benches, original cells.   The hotel is situate in the heart of London just off Regent Street    It is where Mayfair, Soho, and the West End meet.    My wife and I stayed on the evening of 14th May. as part of birthday  and wedding anniversary celebrations.   We actually went to a Michelin Star restuarant three minutes walk away.   Our room was spotlessy clean, the rain shower in the bathroom great .    Rooftop bar and terrace a bonus.    The staff were attentive and couteous.   We cannot fault our stay, for a well located hotel with character and history it is well worth a stay.    The staff made our stay a pleasurable on.   We would not…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or635-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Rooftop is a true gem. So peaceful and quite,Met friends for drinks at the rooftop terrace. Super relaxed. Lovely evening. Very good wine list. The peri peri chicken and chorizo starters are to die for.   A real gem in the madness of Regent Street below. They have heaters and blankets if you get cold too.   Staff are very attentive. ,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or640-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awful afternoon tea,"I pride myself with being able to work hard & still find time to enjoy the finer things in life! Afternoon Tea is one of those things! But the ""expensive"" excuse for one at Courthouse Hotel wasn't one of them! My goodness, it was like sitting in a pub, no tablecloths, no flowers on the table, no linen napkin, horrid red paper one! Pub like tables & chairs. We sat shoved up to wall, which was filthy & stained up to high heaven with spills etc. The Tea, ok? Not sandwiches! Hard rolls cut up! I had the fattest wedge of cucumber in one!Cakes ok! Tiny bite size. Scones poor. Champagne, NOT! Cheap fizz. Staff attentive, but I felt they dodged any sort of critics! Absolutely no Ambiance what so ever!! I feel cheated twice over, we paid + bought as a gift for friends, goodness knows…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or640-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagneafternoon tea,"We were given vouchers for this as part of our 60th birthday celebrations and we were very impressed. The old courthouse has pictures of famous 'convicts' like Mick Jagger. It's been done up in an impressive way and the afternoon tea was superb. Finely baked scones with clotted cream, a superb selection of pastries and savoury snacks topped off with a glass of bubbly and good old British tea. What's not to like....",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or640-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Poorly managed,"Poor service, staff don't speak much English, shabby or tacky corridors, too expensive for what you get, The lack of help from staff - everything we asked was passed on to someone else and never dealt with which caused stress to our stay",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or640-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for shops and theatre district,"My wife and I stayed at the Courthouse on 29th April. Our room on the 4th floor was spotlessly clean and appeared to have been recently decorated. The mattress was very firm which may suit some people, but far too hard for our liking. There was no noise disturbance and we slept well. A very minor problem was that the only way to plug the kettle in was to place it on the floor, the lead being so short, it would not reach the higher sockets. I would advise that you take out a mortgage if you wish to order food from the room service menu - it is incredibly expensive (two eggs and toast £12 with a £3 tray charge!). Needless to say, we did not use it! The staff we spoke to were all very pleasant and helpful. Our departure was a little spoiled when the receptionist insisted that we…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or640-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing!,The hotel is in a very good location but the rooms are very noisy at night so I would not recommend this hotel if you have to get up in the morning for business purposes.  When I checked out I pointed out to the staff how my room 317 was unsuitable as a bedroom due to the ambient noises of lift and other mechanical devices to which I received no apologies or concern from them.  I would not stay in this hotel again and would definitely not recommend it!,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or645-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed 😞,"Well what can I say ,  the location of the courthouse hotel is spot on which is nothing to do with management of this establishment .. Firstly we needed to be moved from our original room which was too tiny  & found undone peanut container in our room from a previous guest ? we were upgraded , with a cost of course , we then found an empty box of someone's perfume which lead to cleanliness issues in my head which was very unsettling , we came home tired and thought we would order afternoon tea in our room.. Big mistake!  tea was cold no cutlery no jam no plates to eat from (basically substandard & sloppy) the the next day our room didn't get serviced till we were bk late afternoon around half four & chilling which we found very inconvenient .. Sad such a lack of staff training…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or645-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Still a great place to stay,"I stayed here previously, when it was still a chain hotel, loved the location and thought I'd give it another try. As per other reviews, it is getting a little shabby: wallpaper in the lobby is peeling, paint needs to be touched up, stained carpets, but I was told that the refurbishment is underway. The twin room was perfect for my daughter and myself. Great size and 2 very comfy beds. Free wifi and sky TV. Had a problem with the lock on the room safe, so called housekeeping and the battery was changed within 10 minutes. Ate at Carnaby on our 1st night, food was delicious and the service was top notch. The following evening we tried Silk. Excellent food and service. We were even given a write up of the history of the Courthouse and the cases tried there.  The location is ideal…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or645-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great rooftop bar,"A great central location opposite Carnaby Street. Interesting building formerly a court which retains some of its character. There's a cinema here and a spa which has a small swimming pool, sauna and steam room plus treatments. The rooftop bar was open and was lovely decked out with an apres ski theme complete with patio heaters and fur wraps. Serving great cocktails and with a helpful barman who offered to create me a cocktail with any base. A great base for shopping and a good place to eat and drink. ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or645-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Private Film Screening,"The ""Court House Hotel"" is conveniently located not more than 5 minutes walk from Oxford Circus Station. The entrance is uninspiring but once inside you enter an Aladdin's cave of delights. Its overall character is intimate and refined. The decour is standard generic hotel interior. Where it scores points is in the well appointed bar that is no more than 10 feet from the entrance. I was there for a private screening of the new film staring Craig Fairbrass - he of St George's Day fame - and produced by his son Luke Fairbrass. The Cinema was well appointed and the seating comfortable with plenty of leg room.  If you are on a short trip to London and wish to be located centrally then the Court House ticks all the boxes for convenience. If you are looking for an inspirational…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or645-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea,"Arrived at 17:00 for our tea, absolutely lovely, staff were attentive, food was delicious especially the warm scones, savouries were very different and tasty, all in all a wonderful hour with delicious food, champagne and tea!",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or650-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday Bash,"My birthday treat from my better half was spent in an upgraded suite (at no cost) at the Courthouse Hotel, we were able to check in early and enjoy a fabulous walk around London without our luggage weighing us down. Next door to The Palladium, a stones throw from Carnaby Street and all the shops on Oxford Street. We had a fabulous weekend, the bed was the most comfortable I have slept in for a long time, it was quiet and classy. The staff are very discreetly everywhere, nothing seemed too much trouble. Overall a great stay. Would highly recommend.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or650-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, quirky.","Stayed here with family over the weekend of 16-18th of April for a un planned trip. Great location with carnaby street opposite, central soho and Oxford street within a short walk so great for both shopping, eating drinks etc. Our room which was a superior King was very spacious and clean with a well stocked mini bar, my only gripe being that the water pressure in the shower was a bit low.    The bar area was an experience in its self, with the remaining cells being used as private areas within the bar. Service was pretty good until a queue formed from people visiting the cinema, this made it nearly impossible to get served unless you were willing to queue for 20 minutes. Also maybe not a problem for some but when we arrived back at the hotel after or night out we found the…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or650-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Tip top location,My wife booked this hotel to accompany a trip to the Palladium. Imagine my disappointment that our hotel was nearly 75 yards away! The Courthouse is a quirky hotel just over the road from Carnaby Street and didn't disappoint. A decent sized room with an excellent bed and a chaise longe. The hotel was quiet which was perhaps a surprise given its location.  Breakfast is a buffet style and very extensive. The menu listed black pudding but it wasn't available for us but the remainder more than made up for that little oversight.  Location is perfect with Liberty just over the road and it is just a little stroll into the West End. Staff were very professional but perhaps lacking a little warmth for me.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or650-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend say,"We booked through secret escapes and we're not disappointed. Our room was lovely great for wandering around regent and oxford street.staff very friendly . Our only down side was we came in to breakfast which I must say looked lovely helped ourselves to the food , but when we sat down to eat the food was cold we were both so disappoint as it looked lovely , mention it to the waiter who offered to re cook it for us but really didn't fancy it then..",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or650-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Private screening cinema,We had tickets from Virgin day out as a present. The hotel seriously needs to get its act together regarding this. The deal came with champagne cocktail - and the queue for the bar was as long as your arm! Ridiculous!.we stayed at the hotel a few years back and the service was just as bad then. It's got so much potential but just isn't run properly,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or655-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service and food for our Champagne Afternoon Tea,"We were at the hotel for a Champagne Afternoon Tea, this was served quickly and efficiently by a friendly lady who took lots of trouble to make sure we were happy.   This meal was part of a voucher for a day out in London and we were very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the service and most important of the food.   We were able to observe another couple complaining bitterly that the hotel were unable to accept their similar vouchers which were THREE MONTHS out of date. The staff and the manager behaved with dignity and courtesy despite being threatened with a poor review on TripAdvisor if the voucher wasn't accepted - we were embarrassed for the staff and frankly shocked at the behaviour of the others.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or655-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Peace and comfort right in the heart of London,"We booked a superior room in what we hoped would be a comfortable hotel in a central location. That is exactly what we got! Great super king bed, really spacious room, clean, big bathroom, all the trimmings you need i.e. Tea/ coffee, slippers, hairdryer, robes, toiletries. The best bit was that the room was on the back of the hotel so very quiet despite the location. The breakfast was truly exceptional, from smoked salmon to a full English. Carnaby St is opposite and offers a fun place for an evening stroll, or late night cocktails.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or655-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Bad customer service and communication,"The hotel itself is absolutely lovely and the rooms and extremely high standard. However, the customer service in this hotel is very poor. On our departure we had gone to the reception to check out and to clear any additional charges for the mini bar. I queried the mini bar charge and asked twice whether we needed to pay for these extras or whether it was covered by the company that had booked our hotel for us. The lady behind the reception casually nodded her head without checking any paperwork and said that the mini bar charges were indeed covered by the company and that we did not need to worry about these additional charges. I got back the next day to see that in fact the hotel had charged my card and taken the money for the mini bar. It isn't the fact that 2 bottles of…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or655-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A little misdirection in the restaurant!,We were spending a night in London and booked a champagne afternoon  tea here. A telephone call to reserve met with a request to call back as the reservation book couldn't be found.  We arrived and were shown to our table. A waitress arrived and gave us menus and explained about our choice of sandwiches and teas. A 'pop' of a bottle opening and then our drinks arrived. Sadly not champagne but Prosecco. The waitress apologised for the mix up and replaced our drinks but it did put a damper on the event. The hotel is discreet from the outside and ostentatious inside. Our Champagne afternoon tea was great as was the service. Recommended but with reservation and suggestion that you ask to see the bottle!,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or655-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Boutique Hotel,This may not think it is a boutique hotel but it behaves like one.  It is not a 5 star never thought it was but I do like it.  The staff are friendly.  I have always found the rooms good despite what other people say.  The bar is quirky and the cocktails good. The only disappointment was breakfast where the staff were new and not trained properly. We stay there regularly because of the location (and the bar),Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or660-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",NOT A 5 STAR 3 MAX,good location scruffy rooms .No help with luggage .Staff rude and unhelpfull .Hotel looked and felt worn out in total need of refurb would not rush back .Not enough towels or soap bathroom flooded  after shower . Telivision stopped working after a couple of hours told reception not fixed during my stay  stained carpets worn out furniture generally a very tired hotel .Probably a 2star plus no way a 5 star .Would not recommend a stay in this hotel,Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or660-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Not as good as last stay - standard rooms need redecorating, carpet stains noticed and poolside needed cleaning","Returned to The Courthouse again after a year and although the staff are still very friendly, the standard twin room my friend and I stayed in this time was very basic and definitely not worth £200+ a night, it was more like a typical Holiday Inn room than a trendy central London boutique hotel and not 5 star standard. Last year I was upgraded for free to an stunning double room that was a lovely decor, but this time wasn't as nice. However, the French girl at front desk was very nice and the room was ready by 12.00 noon as I requested, earlier than the 2pm check-in time and my stay was a comfortable stay. Room still had comfortable beds, very nice bathroom and at least there was a fridge to put own food inside, but disappointed there were no biscuits or flapjacks with the teas…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or660-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend stay,Booked via secret escape so thought it was a good price .. However let's start with the good points  1) fantastic location 2) room ready at 9.30am when we arrived  3) rooms decent size / clean  4) good theme keeping in line with the original court it was  Now the bad  1) communal areas shabby with wall coverings peeling off the walls / sofas in reception lost a leg and lopsided with massive hole one side  2) no greeting footman at the front which I would expect for a rating of 5 star  3) breakfast very poor just was well it was included in what I paid or I would have refused to pay for it . Also the room was freezing   Overall I would say to hotel. Is in desperate need for refurbishment in communal areas. There is a need to provide some fresh cooked. Items at breakfast eg…,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or660-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not good enough,"The hotel is in an amazing location, in the center but not loud. Beds and showers are really old. Everyday the bathroom ended soaking wet after the shower. I made a reservation for 2 adults and 3 kids and when i got there they wanted to charge me extra for the third child saying it wasn't in the reservation... We were not willing to pay more since we were paying a lot for this hotel that is not good enough for the price, so they took away the bed without caring where my daughter will sleep... Manager was not very helpful.... Although i have to say the concierge was always there with a smile...",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or660-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",good location,"Just a stones throw from oxford circus tube station. They had a room ready so I was checked in early. Room was clean, a good size, bathroom ok. I liked the fact that it is a converted court house with some of the original features (hope hotel wouldn't loose them if they ever revamped the place). Couldn't comment on breakfast as we didn't have it. Staff very helpful and friendly. Seems a quiet hotel as didn't get any noise. Check in and out was quick and easy. lifts to all floors. Even had a terrace for smokers. luggage storage. Sorry can't comment on wifi as didn't use it. I liked staying here and will do so again.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or665-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Chamagne Afternoon Tea,"Whilst we did not stay at the hotel, we did visit the Courthouse for Afternoon Tea, and have to say the selection of teas, sandwiches and pastries were lovely, the staff were attentive and really made our visit memorable",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or665-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Relaxing stay,The Courthouse was a surprise  ...... Mixed reviews gave rise to trepidation ... We found the place very restful ... Location is perfect ... And the breakfast was a highlight ..... The room was spacious and quiet ... Pillows could have been better spec but I'm sure this will be sorted out. The austere frontage of the the place disguises a gem ... Will be back,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or665-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but needs tidying for a five star!,Hotel looks smart and modern with good service apart from the lady in checkin spoke so quietly I just nodded allot. Our room was ok had what you needed but the furniture was crammed in. The bath had old issues that another reviewer has mentioned: the shower holder was broken and one handle was missing leaving sharp edges. Location was good it is near a tube Oxford circus. Plus over the road from liberties and Carnaby Street.,Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or665-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not a Good Night's Sleep,"We spent a night at Courthouse Hotel. The hotel is a bit worn and Everything is not up to a standard you expect from a four-star hotel, even in London. We were upgraded to a bigger room but the bed was not of a standard you have the right to expect. The matress was hard, uneven and lumpy. Probably been there since the Days of Queen Victoria. Also our room was next door neighbour to the London Palladium so we got to ""enjoy"" the rehearsals late into the night. So if you want a good night's sleep, find another hotel. But if you want a good location and want to go partying all night long, this could be the Place. But then again you would not need a hotel room, would you?",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or665-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Disappointing, Overpriced Stay","My partner and I booked this hotel through Secret Escapes to celebrate our anniversary, with promises of a 5* 'bargain' stay. This was not the case. The room cost £190 but the decor, breakfast and facilities were very poor. After showering, I noticed the plug had been stuck in the socket (prior to our arrival) and so there was no way to drain the water. My boyfriend attempted to relieve it however this resulted in the handle snapping off to reveal it had been superglued on. After calling maintenance the staff 'upgraded' us however the only difference in this room was the colour of the furniture. The breakfast options were of a poor quality, we ate towards the end of the service and it was clear the buffet had not recently been replenished. The location of the hotel is good but…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or670-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay,"We were dubious in view of the mixed reviews but booked for the location. We found the staff to all be very helpful, courteous and pleasant. We got a free room upgrade on arrival which was a surprise. The lady on the desk was very helpful and had a welcome smile. The young man at the front helped us with luggage and was polite and friendly throughout our stay and always said hello when we came back. The room was spacious and we had a great nights sleep. No outside or lift noise or rowdy guests. The bathroom had a bath which is always a relief. The bar was nice for a quiet drink. Got very busy 6 ish.  Breakfast had all you could want. All in all a pleasant stay and we would book again.  The only improvement we could suggest would be more milk on the tea and coffee tray and some…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or670-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced and very unimpressive,"I stayed for 3 nights when visiting London for work. The Location is fantastic, right next to Oxford Circus but the hotel is massively overpriced. At 160/night the decor and finish is poor, the place feel shabby and unimpressive. I was really not impressed for the price.  Unbelievably breakfast is an extract 22.50!!!  That said the rooms were clean, the bar was quirky (featuring the old cells), break fast is good (it should be for the price) and the location is great.   I will book an alternative hotel for my next visit.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or670-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for business travelers,"Not a bad place to plop down after business meetings. While in London I spend as little time in the hotel as possible anyway. The location is great and walking distance to Piccadilly, Buckingham Palace (about 3 miles - use GPS to weave through the side streets) and tons, I mean tons of shopping and places to eat nearby.   I suppose if you can find something less expensive in the area you could do better if you plan to eat and spend a lot of time in the hotel. I only was there to sleep and had a pretty good experience.   Oh, if you go to sleep early I recommend you ask for a room opposite the Palladium stage door. I thought it was kind of neat to hear the concerts from my room. They typically ended around 10.  ",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or670-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Anniversary break ,"Lovely hotel pleasant staff , spa area lovely so take swimwear very small pool but very relaxing , rooms are good we had superior king which was lovely , sat in the bar at night was great atmosphere and very cosy . My only negative is the mini bar stocked with soft drinks which we thought were complimentary as there was not a price list so that ended up costing us extra when we checked out , hotel in great location for theatres and shops I would come back again . ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or670-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Champagne Afternoon Tea - certainly not 5 star, closer to 2 star.","Extremely poor decor.   Dry pieces of roll with poor fillings instead of soft, nicely cut sandwiches - which should be one of the highlights of afternoon tea.  Very average cakes and dry scones.  Very average service.     This type of establishment causes people to say 'rip off London'.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or675-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",No Way 5 star hotel,My girlfriend booked a weekend never again. 1st thing that put us of was the fact we was asked for our passport what a joke we was born in the UK and yet asked to show ID by staff that are not English come on this is the UK where do we ask for a passport. This hotel needs a good General Manager who knows how to look after Guests staff not very welcoming food is not very nice and the cost of the weekend is a joke for what you get we have stayed in a better 3 star so best thing is find some where else as you would Think you are somewhere but the UK,Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or675-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place but not 5*,"This hotel looks palatial and smart on arrival and staff were nice on reception. Our room (606) was very acceptable with a lovely bathroom and shower but although Hotels Direct had asked for 'a lovely room' we didn't get an upgrade sadly. We were celebrating my 65th birthday and combined hotel with Motown the musical which was fantastic.  The hotel is grade 5* but doesn't supply biscuits and only 2 teabags of normal tea and 2 Earl Grey, horrid UHT milk jiggers when there is an ample fridge where small quantities of fresh milk could be stored. The mini bar items were ridiculously  expensive, £2.50 for a small bar of Dairy Milk ! I own a tiny 4* Silver B&B and I put every manor of teabag, filter coffee, hot chocolate and lovely biscuits plus a nice jar of sweets. With the prices…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or675-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally placed for the west end shops and theatres.,"Rooms are very clean, beds really large and comfortable. Quite expensive, considering no breakfast was included. We didn't eat here at all but found a great Spaghetti House just a few steps away (next to the Palladium). Staff were all very pleasant and efficient. Cases an be left with concierge after checking out and collected much later. Just one complaint - the fan in our bathroon ran all night, even when no light was on (not a problem for us but might affect a light sleeper.)",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or675-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Hotel, Free Upgrade!","Chose the hotel through Expedia as it seemed central in Soho and had good reviews.  Wasn't disappointed, arrived and got a free upgrade (never had one before!), room was great - huge bed and good facilities.   Didn't get disturbed by the usual doors and other guests which was nice.  Staff were friendly and helpful.  Didn't get to use the spa etc...but had room service and ordered drinks (Port) which I don't think the staff were used to but they sorted some out for us and they were very accommodating! Location wise it was slap bang in middle of Soho, right next to Oxford street so was perfect for our shopping trip! Would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or675-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"This is a lovely hotel in a beautiful old building. We found the staff to be helpful pleasant and efficient. The bar was quirky , the drinks were well made and not overly overpriced. Our room was large and well stocked with products. It was quiet with little outside noise pollution . We have only one complaint with the hotel and that is that the bed was very uncomfortable , the mattress was hard and sagged in the middle.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or680-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Are kidding me- this is a 5 star property?,"This one has to be one of the most easiest reviews written by me - more like an open and shut case. The tag line of the hotel is 'Luxury at its finest' - I am eager to know their definition of finest.   Starting from check-in - The reception staff had no smile on their faces and felt very un welcomed. The very first words she spoke - Can I have your passport? Come on - you say you are 5 star hotel but don't know how to greet the customers.  Now coming to the room- The room was OK nothing great, bathroom was really let down, hand shower broken lying on the bath tub. Few other bits and bobs broken. They say they are 5 star property but show me any 5 start hotel which would have the standard of the bathrooms which they have. I hope they really know what * * * * * (5 stars) mean.…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or680-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Carnaby Restaurant .,"Such a dull place. Champagne was good sadly its down hill from there, bits of uneven rolls with very little in them are not fresh or very enjoyable, our local garden centre does it much better. Virgin Experience should be made aware of this, there are so many places near by that do it more professionally. A misuse of a historical courthouse such a shame.",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or680-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",No butter no sandwich just hard bits of rolls ,I went to this hotel with my daughter we brought a voucher. Well we checked before we got voucher to make sure the fillings are what we like they was so got voucher. Well when we got there the filling are completely different to what they said. We told the waitress this and she just said the chief has changed the menu. The roll are not fresh they are dry and NO BUTTER. We wanted sandwich and egg mayo cheese pickle. When we asked for cheese and pickle was told we not got pickle. Not a clue how to do afternoon tea. ,Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or680-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Tea - Poor,"The manager Artur was excellent, sadly this is the only thing that was. We were bought this experience as a gift. The tea was not in the Silk room but Carnaby lounge which is not what it said on our paper work.The offerings were of a poor quality. The vegetarian option was soo boring, no sandwiches just small rolls, four - two of which were mousetrap cheese and a slice of tomato. The scones are small and the cakes dry.Would certainly not recommend nor visit again.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or680-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE: Horrific customer service,"I have never experienced apathetic staff in any hotel until I stepped into this establishment. This hotel simply does not understand the meaning of customer care, and worse, does not care that their practices are upsetting and impactful for their clients and customers. Rooms are desperately noisy....terrible air-conditioning.  No water in rooms, with the most basic and terrible bog standard amenities. This hotel is an insult to the term ""4 star"". I will for certain be removing this hotel option from our corporate service for business. ",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or685-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very Disappointing ,"This is most definitely not a 5* hotel. Our room smelt of cigarettes, bed linen was dirty, lights didn't work and plug sockets were hanging off the wall.  Room and corridors are in need of some fresh decor. For the price it was very disappointing. Wouldn't recommend... ",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or685-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel in great location with an below average customer care,"I was expecting good things from this hotel and on the whole it didn't disappoint. The good points were, nice hotel room, excellent rooftop bar and views. Great breakfast with large selection and choice. Ideal location for sightseeing. The bad points were that the bar and hotel ran out of ice on a sat evening before 10pm and thought that it was acceptable to serve warm drinks for the rest of the night. Despite informing to the night manager nobody was resourceful enough to go and buy some ice. This really spoilt out evening as we had planned to stay at the bar for the rest of the evening to relax, unwind and have a few drinks after a long day of sight seeing. Secondly when we had asked if we could have champagne glasses for the room, that afternoon, we were told no as they were…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or685-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous weekend stay at Courthouse Hotel,"Our weekend stay was booked as an offer through Secret Escapes and was quite reasonable, considering we had a fabulous superior kingsize room with breakfast.  The room was very well appointed (room 511) with a lovely large bathroom & toiletries, flat screen tv, slippers, tea and coffee.  The bed was huge and very comfy with top quality bed linen. Breakfast was served in an interesting courtroom and was more than adequate with smoked salmon, cereals, an assortment of cold and hot food and delicious fruits. The staff were extremely professional, courteous and helpful. A welcome additional surprise was the delivery to our room of a birthday cake for my partner's birthday - at no extra cost!  The hotel was perfectly situated right opposite Carnaby Street and central to all the…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or685-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",DEFO NOT 5 STAR,Come to London every year for my bday and always try different hotels but this is one of the worst!! I will list the good points: 1: the location to west end and Oxford street  2: the bar staff are amazing 3: very clean That is the extent of the good now for the bad 1: apart from bar staff the rest of the staff are rude and or ignorant (hello I'm here) 2: the rooms are shabby and in dire need of decorating 3: bidays (even don't no how spell them anymore cuz who has them) and ours leaked constantly making tile bathroom a danger zone! 4: no chance of getting a taxi outside cuz taxi rank suspended! 5: no instructions in room on how to work anything! 6: bar looks cool and modern but über uncomfortable  7: this just maybe me but paying £250 a night for room I expect someone to help…,Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or685-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne tea,"The champagne, home made scones, cakes and little rolls were all delicious.  The staff were very efficient and friendly - very willing to change fillings, etc. Large selection of teas and fresh was brought without being asked.  The reception area is very opulent with lots of marble and a lovely statue of a horse and two sea shell seats.  I would highly recommend this venue - it is across the road from Libertys and Carnaby Street and around the corner from the Palladium",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or690-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good but not quite 5 star,"We booked this for a one night stay for a business trip, the location was excellent for where we needed to be and the price for a 5 star hotel was exceptional. It was a clean and tidy hotel and as it says in the name a converted old courthouse, so has character. The rooms (we booked standard rooms) were small but did what they had to do for a single night for one person, bit small for a couple. Nice to see a hotel with the full sky tv package and remote control easy to use just like home. One annoying bit was the bar was closed when we returned at 1230am and had to order room service to get a drink (and no spirits available for a night cap, even in the mini bar). The staff were a bit embarrassed at this. It ticked a lot of the boxes but I would class this as a 4 star hotel. Good…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or690-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great venue for entertainment ,Came here for an arts event with a group of friends.  Really lovely location with lots to do around the hotel. The bar is lovely and very modern. The swimming pool looks amazing but unfortunately didn't get to use it! I'll be coming back :),Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or690-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel in great location,"Had our first night in England at the Courthouse and it was a great hotel. Good location for shopping in Oxford St and all of central London. Tube station just around the corner as well. Room was fresh and clean, also quite. Will stay again !",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or690-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Our 2nd stay - 1st was better - avoid rooms near lift!,"I cannot fault the location of this hotel. Round the corner from the London Palladium and Oxford Tube. The bar and breakfast room are amazing - particularly love the jail cells in the bar. Staff were also very friendly and welcoming. It was for these reasons after staying in December 2014 for 1 night, we came back in December 2015 for 2 nights.  The let down however was the room. Around the bed was wooden storage areas. These covered the head of the bed leaving no bedside table area. So to check the time or put a drink down/reach a drink you had to sit up and lean around this wooden cupboard thing. Really irritating. But the biggest issue was a noise we kept hearing throughout the night. A humming that got louder & louder then just stopped. Some time later it would start up…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or690-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Afternoon Tea,"Visited on Saturday for a Champagne Afternoon Tea for a friends 50th.  Really enjoyable, nice selection of rolls/ cakes/ scones (wonderful scones) and a variety of teas as well as a lovely glass of champagne, all good value for money and staff really nice.  We were sat by the window which was lovely and bright.  We didn't stay for the full 1.5 hours, didn't feel the need when Liberty's is over the road and lots of little shops and bars in Carnaby Street.  Would recommend.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or695-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay but !!!!!,Me and my wife stayed at the courthouse hotel on 28 December to 1 January for our wedding anniversary we enjoyed our stay but was disappointed that the roof terrace was not open as was originally told it will b. We went to the hotel bar for a drink and as soon as we got it we was told we had to drink up as was closing the bar but could order to room ! Overall these r just small negatives the hotel itself is very good and in a perfect location if u love your shopping as Oxford street is less than 5 mins walk and Carnaby street is opposite the hotel  we would stay here again but think next time we will try another hotel ,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or695-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Nice room, good breakfast, great location",My husband and I stayed here in December 2015 and found the facilities to be of a good standard. The location was great for shopping/sight seeing. We had a private cinema viewing which was fantastic. We only dined in the restaurant for breakfast but found that to be of a good standard. We would definitely visit again.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or695-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay,"We have never been so disappointed in all our traveling , Arrived New Years day ,raining not a problem .Should be 5 * no one on the door to great you ,walked in checked in took our cases to our room ,it was so small and stuffy with a view off the service areas and next to a lift  not nice .So went back down and as asked to be moved , second room larger ,but food on the floor by the bed, broken light ,hole by the bathroom mirror ,skirting missing  ,hole in lamp shade  then a man knocked on the door to say your tv wont work with the remote . Morning come went to breakfast ,tryed up cooked no rolls left ,i said to the waiter the bacon and hash browns are cold and tryed up he shrugged his shoulders and walked off ,at this point we walked out and went to reception to tell the to take…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or695-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Extra special service,I booked this hotel for my husband's 40th. The location is excellent - very close to Soho for an evening out. The staff were very friendly and helpful. I mentioned that it was my husband's 40th and they upgraded our room and also left a yummy cake in our room. These 'extras' were much appreciated - thank you very much for an enjoyable stay.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or695-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",2* maybe not 5. Disappointing.,"Don't know who rated the hotel but they'd better either do some improvements or revise their rating as reality just doesn't match expectations.  The PROS Very convenient location Good-size comfortable room Nice building exterior  THE CONS Awfully slow wifi: you just can't watch an Internet video or download a file. Unless you have hours ahead of you and no client presentation in the morning.  Open hours swimming pool: I was very enthusiastic when I learned ther's a pool and sauna... It happens to close at 7 pm, so if you're here for business, you can forget about the late bath.  Room equipments not working: I consoled myself with the thought of taking a relaxing bubble bath in the large tub in the bathroom. Bubbles didn't work. Weak room service: dinner came luke warm if not…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or700-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing 5*,"Fantastic location, opposite Carnaby street, minutes from Regent st, Oxford st & Picadilly all within walking distance, as a 5* that's where it ends, 5* you expect someone on the door to help with the taxi and open hotel door for you etc, there was a great guy in reception and he was very helpful, the hotel is tired, scuffed, torn wallpaper, damaged walls, paint peeling, the spa was not clean, our room was great but tired, all in all I'm sure the day it opened it deserved it's 5* but 5* hotels need constant attention to keep up its standard and that's where it's gone wrong, no one is titivating daily to put right the wrongs, such a shame because it could be good again with a handy man! Price wise for 3 nights £634 we could have stayed in the Savoy for less with an offer! (3…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or700-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location couldn't be better. Great Wifi too,"Such a central location just a walk away from Oxford Circus. Very fast Wifi which is a blessing too. The service is overall good but the only thing I didn't like was the breakfast room which was not the best environment to start your day (even though breakfast was included, I went out on the third day). I little room upgrade would be nice but otherwise I really loved the location.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or700-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Someone got the star rating wrong,"We booked this hotel for a quick break in London with friends. We did not get off to a very auspicious start because, although my wife had called specifically to reserve a twin room, we were told that none of the Standard twin rooms were available. We could upgrade to a Superior Twin Room at a cost of £50. No thank you. The hotel is in the most perfect location, at the end of Carnaby Street, close to Oxford Street and Regent Street. The London Palladium was virtually next door but that is where the majority of the plus points end. An old Magistrates Courthouse should have been filled with character but the atmosphere was cold and unambitious. The service, especially at breakfast, was poor (asking for butter 3 times before it came was not impressive) and the buffet unimaginative.…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or700-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not value for money NOR 5 STARS,"Stayed in room 519 on 27/12 via booking.com reservation.  1)Room was average for 5 stars and looking at offices 2)Room was stuffy room...  3) Cheap loo roll from poundland lol  4) No complimentary drink neither , tea/coffee selection POOR also..  5) No Iron press expected in 5 star??  Got at ticket unloading the luggage, NO breakfast included when booked COCK UP and wanted £22 ??",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or700-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal Location,"I visited for work - however the location was good for both work and pleasure.  It's very close to Oxford St for Shopping, Carnaby Street for eating out and Oxford Circus to jump on the tube and many theatres were close by.  The rooms are pleasant, quiet and well equipped.  There was a good bar in the back of the foyer and a small gym downstairs in the Spa area (so you could only use when no one was getting a treatment).    The concierge were great.  The bar staff were great and the breakfast staff were fantastic.  The free wifi was really good.  There was a great bakery next door that did a good breakfast if you didn't want to eat in. Plus a Pret across the street and a Costa around the corner.  There were a few little quirks like my shower handle was broken and a couple of…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or705-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing 5 star hotel,"My daughter and I stayed here overnight on Saturday. She had treated me to a champagne tea and a cinema evening which included a champagne cocktail. We decided as it was the week no prior to Christmas we would stay overnight. Having stayed in numerous 5  star hotels in various parts of the world I was disappointed by this one. 5 star it is not, more like  3 star. It is in a perfect location, situated opposite Liberty's just off Regent Street/Carnaby Street and a stones throw from Oxford Street. The staff at reception were polite and helpful and the concierge were very pleasant and couldn't do enough to help. The champagne tea was delicious and the waiting staff were attentive and helpful.  The cinema evening was enjoyable but disorganised. We presented ourselves at the bar…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or705-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The Courthouse hotel,Great location for shopping theatre etc but definitely not if you want any peace & quiet.  The hotel is very tired & I'm not sure how the star system works as its meant to be 5 star but there wasn't even a porter to open the door when I arrived..  The reception staff were not particularly friendly or helpful..  But decent sized room comfy bed & it was a good price on one of the hotel apps..  So I guess to sum it up you get what you pay for..,Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or705-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend in London,"Despite the negative comments made by others, my wife and I had a great room (501) which was well maintained and very clean. Overall the hotel is of a good standard and for location you cant beat the price.  Had breakfast each morning which fine, the hot food was correctly heated and plentiful.   As for the staff, they were excellent from check-in to check-out. So well done to the staff.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or705-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous Afternoon Tea,"Me and my friend had Afternoon Tea booked for 1pm, we arrived to a very warm welcome and was shown to our table by a lovely waitress named Barbara. A glass of Champagne was served to us and then Barbara showed us our menu choices and asked if we were happy with it which we were.  At first glance we didn't think there was a lot to eat but it was very filling.  The sandwiches and scones were gorgeous and our waitress made sure we were happy with everything, she even offered to take a picture of the both of us which was lovely of her as we wanted one together. We had a lovely afternoon and will definitely be back again.  Reasonable prices and lovely location. ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or705-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","The bar: Nice atmospheric design, the drinks are so so","I just want to review the bar as I have not stayed in the hotel. My friend and I were looking were to seat in Friday night a week before Christmas. You can imagine how any little caffe places,bars and restaurants were pretty busy. By chance we got to look to the left walking opposite side of Liberty and saw an invitation to the roof terrace bar. For We got to the 6th floor to find a big terrace and a bar. But as we were looking for a warm place to seat we got in the ground floor to the hotel bar. We liked the the design and the spooky little rooms you can find yourself seating more privately. We chose to seat on the grey shiny double sofas who were really comfy. The drinks were so so though. I had a Merlot which was very average, but also a teste of nearly double price of a good…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or710-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A night at the Palladium.,We booked a deluxe king room and it was awesome. Well worth the money. Location was perfect for us. Staff were great and very helpful. Only slight niggle. We got back to the hotel at 10.30pm from the theatre and they'd closed the bar. Had to go back out wandering the streets for a nightcap. Loved it enough to go back in March.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or710-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We had a birthday celebration here at the Courthouse Hotel in the Silk room, The Welcome was wonderful and attentive, the Afternoon Tea was amazing tasty and there was plenty of it and we took bag home with us",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or710-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for the centre,"Location here is perfect. Literally a couple of minutes walk from both Oxford Street and Regent Street, just round the corner from the Palladium, and across the road from Liberty's and Carnaby Street. 5 or 6 minute walk to Piccadilly Circus, Chinatown, and Soho.  The hotel's entrance could be improved as it doesn't look as grand as it should do 'cos the hotel is excellent - and with a pool and sauna too. We didn't breakfast or take dinner in the hotel as there's too many other great places around, particularly at Kingly Court just off Carnaby Street.  Our room on the 5th floor faced offices so it was quiet as a church mouse at night with zero traffic hum or people noise. We couldn't get the TV to work until we figured out that the Sky box was fitted sideways so wasn't picking up…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or710-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"We booked afternoon tea here when we were Christmas shopping, right opposite Liberty's. Outside and first impressions were good, we were shown to our table and was seated. But before I could sit down I had to brush the crumbs of the chair, then we ordered our afternoon tray of delights and picked our specialty tea, we were served our champagne and settled down, the table was a little rocky and the base was very big and cumbersome I could not get my feet under. The tray of goodies arrived and it all looked lush, but the Crockery was a little tiered the milk jug and my tea cup was chipped, I thought being a 4 star hotel this would not happen but it could have just been an oversight non the less we enjoyed the selection of sandwiches and rolls and the mini desserts were to die for.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or710-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The worse hotel in London,"This place is the worse hotel I have ever stayed in. The kitchen is really disgusting! Indians everywhere and from what I have seen, it is not a big deal to pick up dropped food from the floor and put it back to the plate. BE AWARE ...MOUSE is like a second name for thi splace..... they are everywhere especially bar and restaurant area. I woul suggest to everyone to go and spend vocation somewhere else....!!!!",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or715-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Magic of Christmas,Stayed at the Courthouse as its in an awesome location for the London Palladium. Very smart hotel. Clean and staff very attentive. Our room on 6th floor was lovely. Everything we needed and very quiet. Breakfast was included in the price and was a little disappointing. It was barely warm which is a shame. Only other point was the hotel bar closed at 10.30pm which was exactly when we returned from the theatre so we had to go back out to find a nightcap. Liked it enough to book again for next March.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or715-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointing Shambles,"I was treated to an exciting overnight stay with afternoon tea, cocktails, cinema and breakfast for my birthday – Was such a brilliant idea, however ended up being a shambles…  THE HOTEL = Excellent location, five minute walk from Oxford Circus and opposite Carnaby Street, fancy looking conversion with funky décor, automatic doors and well-dressed staff.  We arrived 15 minutes after check in opened at 2.00 pm, were welcomed politely and friendly however told our room was not yet ready and there would be a 20 minute wait.  This was not a problem, we waited in the lobby (without being offered a drink) and returned to the reception desk after 20 minutes, to be ignored and then the lady who served us walked off – at 2.50 pm we were told our room was ready and we could go upstairs…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or715-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location Location Location,"We stayed 4 nights at the hotel. This hotel we got through a deal, as I wanted a 5 star hotel in the center of London. The hotel is an old hotel and needs to go under a makeover. The location is central. The room we got was big. The bed was good size and comfortable. The water was hot and the pressure was good. Check in/out was good and quick. The concierge was present every time we went in and out of the hotel. We did not eat breakfast in the hotel as our deal did not include one, but no problem to find meters from the hotel places you can eat. The bar looked very nice and was busy all the time.  The hotel has a spa. The gym is small but have some equipment that you can use. The pool looked also nice.  We had a good time in the hotel as from previous reviews that I read, my…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or715-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location for a central London stay,We booked this hotel as a real last minute deal through Avios as we were going to a party in Soho and decided to stay in London. The Hotel was ok not sure it would be the star rating part from Location. It done what it says in all the other reviews. I can say that it was clean and not as tiered as some described in our room.  We only slept in the hotel and had breakfast in our room but all good really.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or715-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dissappointing 2nd visit,"We had a lovely time Valentines weekend, hence this was booked for our anniversary. We were put on the 6th floor, which I could not sleep. We were moved to the 1st floor where the shower leaked, the water was hitting the spot lights. When we mentioned these to the receptionist, it was all dealt with as a matter of fact, no apology was made, which I found poor. The Wi-Fi was free but unable to connect. This has left a bad taste hence we will not be visiting. There was no discount given when we paid the bill.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or720-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Needs improvement..But not that bad either..,"Have not been to London for a while so I thought of choosing a 5 star hotel for my stay in order to make the most of it.Chose myself a Superior King Suite which comes at a cost..Unfortunately as soon as I walked in I was fairly disappointed..The hotel itself is not bad ( considering its an old building ) ,but the room felt more like a 2 star...Between leaking water from the shower head and plugs without cover I felt it was a complete rip off.The room is something you would pay €80 per night not €400 +per night ..Price including breakfast which was not that good either as the food felt like it was warmed up a few times and croissants cold and hard for both days..But it was not all bad...Silk restaurant which is set up in an old court room was perfect..Excellent service and…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or720-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location and nothing more,"I see these photos here and I must alert you, these are photos of the renovated rooms and not all the rooms look like that. The only great thing about this hotel is the location. Everything else is below average. The old rooms are nothing to write home about and the service is sleepy and not exciting at all. I mean, all the employees look tired and as if they can not be bothered with assisting anyone. It's unfortunate, but again, people keep coming for the location...",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or720-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great atmosphere with trendy bars and a cool cinema,We stayed here after receiving a birthday gift for the cinema. I managed to book a room on the top floor and pleased to discover the cocktail on the roof terrace. The rooms were very clean and we had a very comfortable nights sleep. The hotel is well positioned with Carnaby Street directly opposite giving access to Oxford Street and Regents Street with The London Paladium just around the corner. The hotel has some great little rooms with history of the times celebrities were taken to the Magistres Court. We had champainge reception before watching the chosen film and in the evening we walked along Carnaby Street into Soho and Leceister Square with lots of pubs and restaurants along the way. We enjoyed a good breakfast before check out.,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or720-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not 5*,"The only good thing about this hotel was it's location.  Customer service was not up to scratch, the room was very basic and more on par with 3*, not even any complementary water in the rooms and the inroom wifi didn't work.  Very noisy location, with loading bays underneath which lorries arriving from 4am.  Definitely won't stay here again.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or720-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but not 5*","I love it when a building has a second life so the old court house becomes a luxury hotel. Most of what I experienced was fine, but I have rated very good as average seems an injustice and excellent is beyond it. My room was decent size, good wifi, comfortable bed, but not much of a view. I think a little dated is a fair description. I needed to do a few emails before closing the day so sat at the desk. I pulled out my chair and really didn't want to sit on it. It was very worn with unacceptable ingrained dirt with too much use over too many years. My only other grumble was sharing my shower with a long strand of dark hair. I hope she was young and beautiful, but I would still prefer no presence from previous guests.  We eat out so I only experienced breakfast which was pretty…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or725-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","You get what you pay for, location, location","I booked this hotel simply due to its perfect location. I knew how much I was willing to spend, which wasn't a london 5 star price and I got very good value for money. Those who moan it isn't a 5 star should ask themselves what did they expect for what they paid, this is london in a premium location at a 4 star price. Yes I would recommend this hotel for a theatre weekend break in a good location at a reasonable price, which is exactly what we paid for and got for £228 per night, including breakfast . To have got a real 5 star experience in this part of london you would of had to pay at least £100 per night more so stop moaning, this is london after all.   Reception.  Polite, efficient, staff. Quick and easy booking in.   Room.         Well cleaned room with clean un-stained…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or725-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hotwire Should Be Ashamed to Include This Hotel In Its 5* Inventory,"We were excited to get this alleged 5* hotel at a Hotwire ""Hot Rate"".  However if anything I'm being generous rating it as a 2*.  Other than the superb location, this hotel has very little going for it.    We spent time in 2 different rooms because the hotel had oversold our category of rooms and offered to move us to a higher classification after our first night (which we were fine with).  Both rooms were in sad shape.  Peeling wallpaper/paint, a bulb hanging exposed from a ceiling light fixture, carpets so stained that we were hesitant to walk on them even with socks on, a broken shower, etc.  We had stayed in a legitimate 5* hotel just prior to our stay at the Courthouse, and the two hotels represented a stark contrast.   I suppose we should count our blessings that we didn't…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or725-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Wow what a location!!!!,"Stayed here for 4 nights on a business trip in October. At first when arriving to the hotel I did think it looked a bit average as the decor wasn't to my liking.... but I am super fussy!!! It turned out to be a very nice hotel in an absolutely fantastic location. The rooms are very much what you see on the website pictures, ok but nothing flash,the bathrooms are spacious enough with a shower over the tub.Normally I don't like this set up but I have found it quite common in the UK and Europe.  In terms of the location it was fantastic!!! Directly across the road is a gorgeous shopping area with everything thing you need in terms of food, Preta Manger (Amazing fresh food store), Starbucks etc plus a load off restaurants and bars. Hamley's famous toy store is a 5 minute walk and…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or725-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Mouse Problem,Well I think the hotel should be grateful we didn't scream the place down. It reminded me of the basil fawlty sketch. We found a mouse in our room and saw it on 3 occasions whilst waiting for maintenance. Of course by the time they arrived 10 mins later the mouse could not be found. It had either got under the connecting door to the next room or gone up the curtains. Luckily we only had to have breakfast then we got out of there as fast as we could. Maintenance apologised but nothing from the management. i emailed the hotel a week ago and have not had the courtesy of a reply. The door to the next room was not locked by the way but no handle on the other side. not sure if that was enough so I wedged it with a chair and the desk. Kettle was interesting as it had a very short lead…,Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or725-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",5 star only the location,"I recently stayed at The Courthouse Hotel which was booked through a colleague. Having looked at their website I though it would be a cool place in an excellent location in London. The location is great but the rest was really shocking! It started with having a big 30 foot container trailer right in front of the hotel so thatr we almost missed it. Of course nobody assisted us with the luggage so we went staright to the reception. My first room was on the 6th floor, whilst going to the room I started to get worried, broken or heavily damaged lobby furniture, wall paper peeling of the walls, stains everywhere in the corridor. Upon entering my room I got welcomed from a nice moldy smell. I believe there must have been a water leak somewhere since the carpet was full of stains at…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or730-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - Awful Hotel NOT 5*!,"Hotel is in a great location but a massive disappointment.  Manager promised to come back on my complaints 2 weeks ago and still nothing.  He did say that I should have complained n the first night not when I checked out and he would have fixed it - not this list of problems he wouldn't have!  He also offered me a 5* experience and I didn't want to waste my whole weekend complaining - I had better things to do.  It was meant to be a special weekend for my husband.  Having read about countless mice, it seems I might have got a decent room despite everything!  Staff just don't care and seem scared of irate punters!  20 minutes in the rooftop bar and we still didn't have a drink - 15 minutes of skirmishing with punters in the downstairs bar to get one there!  Use the hostelry…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or730-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Mouse in the Courthouse... but clearly not a first!!,"Great looking hotel on the website, but definately not the case.  A great location is all this hotel has to offer!  furniture is torn and fixed with tape, carpets stained, damp smells and old furniture.  Woke up at 1am to a strange noise and switched on the light to watch a MOUSE run under the bed.  I called down to the night manager who was not surprised and moved my room, after I packed I was told they have a problem with mice and even have to work with the council to try and work on the problem!  I was offered 20% discount on one night of two and free breakfast.. which I declined with some humour of eating in an infested hotel! I was then offered a discount for my return...which I will never do!",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or730-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, poor maintenance","Good: rather spacious room, good beds, friendly service, especially Mr. Tarek (who changed us privately two old 20 Pound banknotes, so that we did not have to go ourselves to the Bank of England)  Poor: Lamp at the bed table not connected, socket outlet broken, carpets very dirty, case board fixed at three points only, safe very close to the soil, hair drier gets very hot, only one very small chair, additionally requested arm chair rickety, no German and Spanish TV programs, uncomplete and misleading WiFi instructions",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or730-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Expensive as is all of the hotels in this area, however great central location, no real complaints with the room except think new mattresses, pillows and duvets would help. Didn't eat here so no comment on the food.  Supposed to have wifi but couldn't connect.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or730-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",One of London's Worst - Mouse in the Room,"My second stay at the Courthouse - thanks to a 'bargain' rate from Hotwire - was miserable.  First, this may be a five star location, but the hotel is a three star at best.   More likely a two star.  Why?  1) Mouse in my room.   2) Room service horribly inept, non-English speaking and HOSTILE. 3) No minibar replenishment during my three night stay. 4) No chair for the desk - had to request twice 5) TV worked intermittently. 6) No ramp or bellman at from door.  Good luck with heavy bags/assistance. 7) Dreary entryway and interior.  This place just stinks.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or735-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Not 5 Stars, rats are inclusive","Hotel management should have a good hard look at improving their service and offering.   It started with checkin. When I checkin at a 5 star hotel I expect a warm welcome, smiles, helpful hints and tips, attention to detail, and really just class A service but I was thoroughly disappointed on all fronts. Claire checked us in and we had to constantly repeat details. No helpful hand with regards to dinner accommodation was extended. Not once was a smile given. Generally just sub par.   We dropped our bags off in our room and went to the rooftop bar. Service there was good and friendly. The bar has blankets and heaters which is handy too.   Move on to the movie. The cinema is  intimate but don't expect drinks or popcorn or any kind of service. This could really make the hotel…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or735-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Only average everything considered.,"Afternoon tea here was overall only average. Too much bread because they used rolls and baguettes. Good salmon filling though. Really dingy brasserie, with no atmosphere. Please buy some tablecloths. Please buy some decent champagne glasses. Tea was good and hot. Scones were very fresh, as was the clotted cream. Lovely. Pastry selection was ok. Could not recommend it even though the price was lower than most.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or735-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very average afternoon tea,"With so many places offering afternoon tea, you will find much better than this place. Sandwiches were very odd, too much bread and not enough filling, scones were not fresh, cakes were OK. The surroundings were dingy and tired. Service was ok, but not spectacular. Location is good, but think condition would not make up for location if staying here on holiday.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or735-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not Worth the Extra Money or Star Rating,"At £230+ a night and a 4/5 rating this hotel was a big disappointment. Threadbare carpets, broken room, half the bulbs didn't work. Expensive food and drink. 5 staff  knocked on my door within 1.5 hrs despite a do not disturb sign.. Room was above the service area therefore 2 nights disturbed sleep.  Much better hotels around the 170 mark.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or735-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 star,"Sadly the other reviews are right, if maybe over mean-spirited.  The brass plaques outside are a clue-unpolished and very dull.  The cracked floor in the entrance isn't chic, just shabby.  The ""welcome"" is perfunctory-I suppose it was efficient and I did eventually get a smile.  I cant fault efficiency -they immediately swapped by twin room for a double.  It's all very tired but reasonably clean.  However, maintenance is poor with a big dent from a doorhandle in the wall, a broken shower fixing and an appalling banqueting chair at the desk.  The view out is straight into some offices, but then this is central London.  It's fine for £224 and one night, just don't expect too much!",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or740-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service in a fantastic hotel right in the heart of the city,"We arrived quite late on a Saturday evening and were informed we had been upgraded without having to ask.  We had such a lovely room with the biggest bed ever!  It was clean and luxurious.  The hotel was directly opposite Libertys which was amazing. The rooftop terrace bar has the best views and a really great atmosphere.  Right outside the hotel is some fab bars and everything is within walking distance! You're literally just off regent St where the most incredible shops are.  Try and get your breakfast included as it was expensive to add it in he morning so we went down the road after we had checked out, which was fine as there was so many places to go.  The only thing we wished we had done was take advantage of the indoor pool, but we just didn't have enough time.  We are…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or740-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty Spa area,"Dirty and down right horrible the price I paid was twice the amount I paid for any 4-5* places before, thinking it would be an amazing place to take my sis for her Birthday, but it was down right dirty, we got lost on the way there and ended up late, which cost us unfortuately one of our treatments which the staff wer quick to notify even though it was in no way busy ther.  Every aspect of the spa area needed a wash n it was pure manky. It was absolutely freezing ther too. ",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or740-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location. ,"The location is 5 star but the hotel does not earn the rating of a 5 star hotel, at a pinch 3 stars. It is convenient for shopping as it is located just off Regent Street and Oxford Circus. The continental breakfast does not warrant the price of £ 18.50, a few pounds more is the cost of a full breakfast which for the price and quality is again over the top. The breakfast room is small and pokey. We were upgraded to a queen room which was quiet and pleasant with a window we could open for fresh air. The bed was comfortable and the linens of a good quality. We stayed for just one night so cannot comment on the maid service.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or740-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not impressed ,"Don't let the given stars fool you. The staff are rude, rooms are dirty and the beds are dated and worn! If the location wasn't good this would be a 2 star hotel. This hotel needs a significant investment to meet international standards if they wish to compete. ",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or740-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Room was never clean up, king size bed us not king! Is 2 twin beds together, different brand and old, staff (manager...)","At first I was very delightful because the room looked so nice and clean! But surprise!  The room was never cleaned up, even thou I Asked them at 5 PM  that this was happening.  When I got back fron dinner the room still was not done so I called the manager and he just didn't took my call.  I was really furious and went down to the reception and he just did not attend my request until I started ti raise my voice....  I will never be back and I really hope that the owner reads this so he knows the kind of person  that is running his property ",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or745-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location but worn out hotel.,The room was clean and comfortable. However there was no information on the hotel amenities in the room. The staff were helpful and polite at the front desk. Breakfast was a bit of a shambles. The staff seemed to offer some people different things like omelettes or fried eggs but when I enquired about porridge there was a hesitation and I was told it would need to be ordered and there would be a wait. So I didn´t ask again. Some people were offered tea and one morning we were suddenly offered coffee. However the waitress then just fetched it from the coffee stand. The coffee was really bad. There was no musli one morning and usually only soup plates for the eggs and bacon. The pastry was stale and the tablecloths dirty. The wifi was fine.The really good thing about this hotel is…,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or745-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Location=Awesome Service, bedding = terrible","Booked this hotel a couple weeks ago for the final night of 2 week vacation in England and France.  The hotel's location can't be beat especially if you are looking for shopping and/or theatre access.  The room was nicely appointed but the mattress was the worst mattress I think I have ever slept on.  That is saying a lot as I've stayed in $2/night rooms in Thailand & Indonesia.  The mattress felt like it was just the springs and wire and they forgot the mattress padding.  On top of that, we stopped by the bar for a night cap and after sitting at a table for 10 minutes while the two staff members discussed their lives, I went to bar to get self serve.  After I sat down with my drinks, one of them came up to see if they could help us.  Oblivious.   This hotel should get 5 stars…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or745-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, don't trust high star rating for a minute.","Booked for 5 star rating. That is not believable but could have been true years ago before the place fell into decay. Our night here is the sort of experience for parents to stay with their kids to encourage them to stay in school or they might end up living like this. I saw a film of life in Moscow during the Cold War, could have easily have been filmed here. I never have really dinged place before in a review anywhere but this place gets big ding anyway. Avoid unless only alternative is camping in Hyde Park.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or745-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","“Total Disappointment! Awful, FIVE STARS (a joke) should be a ONE STAR!”","The room was closet size, the carpet was stained, the lampshades were missing, the view was a building, the decor was awful, for $420.00 a night, it was one of the worst places we have stayed and (we have stayed in better Motel 6's or La Quinta's! ) The front staff was unhelpful, the concierge was great! Take a pass on this under any circumstances.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or745-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Could Do Better,"Hotel itself is ok as is the location at the end of Carnaby Street. English breakfasts are cold and the bar is very expensive, would have loved to stay in the bar for a few drinks after taking in the sites of London  but I refuse to pay extortionate prices when you can go over the road for half the price.   ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or750-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Sense of grandeur, lovely bars but carpets need replacing","The hotel was very nice. The staff weren't overly friendly but they weren't rude either. There is a certain sense of grandeur when you get there and I wish we had more time there, but we were just going to a show and staying one night. We did manage cocktails on the skybar, which was fantastic, but very busy on a Saturday night. I would love to go back when it was less busy and easier to get a table. The drinks were lovely and the views wonderful; you can see over oxford street, carnaby street and the palladium. It would be great to watch sporting events up there. There was a limited selection of drinks here, unlike the cell bar on the ground floor. We stopped here after our show and the drinks, again, were wonderful. It is also so useful that you can sign the bills to your room…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or750-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location!,Great location.  Noise outside was very loud/distracting (we stayed Friday/Saturday night).  Kids smashing bottles and screaming from 2am - 6am.  Maybe don't stay here on the weekend if you are noise sensitive.  Wifi a little touchy.  But again can't beat the location!,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or750-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday Stay,"We chose this 5 star hotel based on their website & location for the Palladium. Having booked a Deluxe King room (not cheap) but looked light, roomy & airy. We were upgraded to a Magistrates Suite. Hmm! Nice touch, but we were on the first floor, front aspect, but it was dark, dingy in desperate need of decoration. Windows and nets were dirty. Not an upgrade? We quickly looked online and looked at images of the suites and all looked fab, but not this one. Went back to reception and was greeted with 'fully booked' but she tried and offered to show a deluxe standard on the 3rd floor, much brighter and roomy. But still the decor was tired, carpet had drink stains, no kettle. 10 years ago this would have been a fab hotel, but after so many years of neglect, I would take two stars…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or750-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing ,"This was rated as a 5 star hotel. Hardly. So disappointed. Our room smelled dirty, the lamp shades were torn and crooked, the couch seats were torn, the pint was pealing off the walls! One of the light bulbs was out and never changes. The staff was pleasant enough and the location was awesome but this is just not a 5 star hotel. ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or750-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Prison cell themed The Bar,We tried this bar and for a Saturday night it was v quiet. The concierge of the hotel didn't seem to know where it was. The prison cell themed booths are quirky but felt a bit odd especially with a toilet in them! The cocktails were nice but there was no real atmosphere. All a bit odd!,Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or755-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 star rooms or breakfast,"Room: very dirty carpet and shabby curtain. No kettle, no iron or ironing board. Small amount of tea, coffee & carton milk. They delivered a kettle to the room, but didn't replenish the beverages, so no morning cup of tea. aaaargh. Breakfast: 3 star at best with indifferent service. Last week we stayed in a B&B at half this cost and had a fantastic room and excellent breakfast. Avoid.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or755-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for shopping and theatres and good value,This hotel is in a great location within metres of Regent Street with every shop you could want.   Our room on the 6th floor was very quiet.  The standard double room was a decent size with a good bathroom with bath and shower.  There was bathrobes and slippers and good toiletries (and a weighing scales!)  The bed was comfortable.  The roof terrace bar looked good though we didn't get a chance to sample it or the pool. Plenty of places close by to have breakfast if you go for the room only option.  It was good value for money relative to other hotels in the area and only a short walk to theatres.  Have stayed in London many times and would definitely go back here.,Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or755-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea wasn't up to much,"I didn't stay overnight in this hotel but did have afternoon tea here. The staff are friendly and the lobby is welcoming and nicely decorated. However, as far as the afternoon tea goes it wasn't the best. The food was nice but for the price you pay for the afternoon tea, you don't get very much. A couple of sandwiches on a plate and a couple of cakes and that's as far as it goes. ",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or755-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"The afternoon tea at this hotel was fairly average and unimaginative, the only reason I'm rating 3 stars is the staff were friendly and professional but as for the afternoon tea it was very small even by afternoon tea standards and cakes were nothing special just out of a box. No fresh tea just one teabag in a pot so was very weak. Expected better from a 5* hotel! Will not return seen as there are plenty of other lovely places to go for afternoon tea in London.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or755-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",London visit,We arrived at The Courthouse to be given a very warm welcome and provided with an excellent tea.  The tea exceeded all our expectations.  We were served by a exceedingly efficient and pleasant waiter.  The facilities were outstanding and we would recommend this hotel without reservation.,Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or760-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a good overhaul of the rooms,"I was really disappointed with this hotel, the lobby and check in were fine, but the room and facilities were absolutely nothing to write home about. Scratched and chipped furniture, uncomfortable bed, ripped carpet, poor lighting, no iron and ironing board in the room. One teabag each for our 24 hour stay. We ordered room service at 5pm and we were asked to leave the plates outside the room and when we got home at 2.30am the plates were still outside the door. It could be a really nice place, the lobby and the corridors look welcoming and inviting and has the promise of something lovely, but the room needs some TLC.....  Come on management - lift your game, your charging enough!!! I expect for a room of $450 per night to be of a higher standard than an IBIS....",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or760-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",We recently had a two-night weekend stay in this hotel.,"We recently had a two-night weekend stay in this hotel, and saw a couple of shoes (Les Miserables and The Commitments, both very good).   Initially, when we arrived there by Uber, the driver couldn't find it, despite having a Sat Nav which said 'You have reached your destination'. The driver drove on for a couple of hundred yards, before we told him to stop. We got out and walked back to where we thought it should be, and there it was! The sign simply said 'Magistrates Court' and it wasn't very big or noticeable. However, once we found it, we climbed the stairs, and the doors opened. We were then greeted by a member of staff who directed us in to what looked to be a very nice foyer/reception area, along with a concierge desk. Check in was simple, usual swiping of cards (""For the…",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or760-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, lovely rooms, very comfortable ",What a great location! We stayed in a triple room which was very well appointed and comfortable with nice contemporary decor and all.  The breakfast was passable - they could much better.  If you haven't got it included in room rate then I would recommend going out for breakfast.  We called the hotel directly for best rates and got a good deal.  Would stay again.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or760-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel ,Stayed here as a treat for our wedding anniversary. Upgraded to a suite due to our celebrations. Room was clean and spacious and beautifully decorated. The hotel is conveniently situated so easy to get out and about in the City. The roof terrace is a really nice area at the hotel. It was a summers day so it was nice to sit and chill out of the hustle and bustle of the city although the drinks are quite pricey. On our return to the hotel after our evening out they had left a cake in our room with 'Happy Anniversary' decorated on it which was a really nice touch. Breakfast was included and was your usual cooked or continental choice but the food was freshly cooked. I would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or760-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",ABSOLUTE JOKE !!!!!!!!!!!!,"I have went there with my partner twice, for the first time we were amazed how nice it looks.. the second time we were in the bar and saw mice running from the cell to the centre of the bar, shocking experience :/ we have also heard lady complaining about cockroach in her food.. unbelievable for the 5* hotel!! We have left this place immediately and we definitely not going to visit again or even recommend to anyone!!",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or765-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location and a good hotel,"The location is central and excellent. Good breakfast, clean rooms albeit typically for London there's the wall/wall carpets and a bit too warm in rooms and corridors. Our bathroom soon needed renovation, and of course you don't get too much of a view in central London. What you get is a good hotel, but not great, with a very good location.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or765-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We visited The Courthouse  hotel for a Virgin Experience voucher afternoon tea on a midweek day. Good meet and greet,  and well spaced out tables. Despite being busy, the service was excellent. The tea on first appearance looked quite small, but was really tasty and actually quite filling. The selection of teas available was sufficient and the offer  of refills welcome . Overall a very good experience and a special mention to our waitress, Virginia, who looked after us really well.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or765-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location,"Very good location with walking distance to most of central London. Nice rooms and good service. Missed the afternoon tea as we forgot to prebook. Did not try the breakfast, as there are plenty of nice café's close by. A bit pricy, but again, this is central London.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or765-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea,We went here for a champagne afternoon tea as part of a Virgin Experience package and we really enjoyed ourselves.  The waiter and waitress were very polite and kept asking if we needed extra drinks or tea.  We did not expect too much to eat but were pleasantly surprised at the variety of food on offer.  All in all a good experience.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or765-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A very bad 5 star,"Where to start after my weekend experience with your hotel. I will start with what was good which is the appearance of the hotel and certain staff but how you can rate this hotel a 5 star, I have absolutely no idea. I will start my story from my arrival  - my husband and I arrived after 3pm to be told our room was not ready. When I made a fuss, I was told they have a room.  - we arrive in a room that looks onto a wall- super start - I then need to get on the internet to download some important document for my job (was told at reception, super simple Madam, just follow the instructions. Works from my phone but not my mac. I call down and they send a MAINTENANCE man to help me who says a common issue with macs and the settings need to be changed but nothing he can do. Needs to…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or770-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed ,"I purchased this hotel on lastminute.com, it came up as one of their secret hotel deals. Reading the description '5* hotel grade two listed building' it all sounded lovely.  However I was truly disappointed when we got there.  Firstly the location is brilliant and at £200 I'm guessing that's what your paying for. It's right opposite the liberty of London shop and round the corner from Oxford street.  However that's where it stopped. Walking in to the room it was bog standard and certainly not 5*, there were stains on the carpets(now I know this happens and usual that wouldn't bother me but seeing as I paid a lot of money for 5* this wasn't) the view was looking in a building opposite which meant you had to keep the curtains closed all the time or they could see in. TV didn't…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or770-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location! Great hotel,"We stayed in this hotel for one Saturday night in August. We were pleasantly surprised that our room was available at 12pm when we arrived and we had a complimentary upgrade to a king room.  The hotels location is just perfect for a break in London for those wanting to shop, see a show or go sight seeing. There are no many hotels where you can drop off your bags mid shopping spree or pick up your umbrella!  The hotel is clean and quirky with the jail house bar and court room restaurant. Our room was huge and clean and although the bed was a bit squeaky- it was a good nights sleep.  There was a party going on in the bar but we couldn't hear this from our first floor room. Overall a good stay and positive feedback for this great hotel. I would stay here again.  ",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or770-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Cocktails and Cinema,"The information was that we would be met and taken to the bar do an enjoyable champagne cocktail. Well the the receptionist coul not have been ruder,! Cinema is over there she said! There was no greeting!",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or770-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea for two ,Having originally booked this offer along with the hop on Thames boat cruise for part of our silver wedding anniversary celebrations and intending to go on the actual day - I was expecting something much much better than this. I took my daughter today after her hospital visit. We arrived early and were told to wait in the pleasant hotel lobby.   When we were guided through for the afternoon tea it was in a shabby side room. The waitresses were friendly but the food was very disappointing. The sandwiches were made with cheap ingredients . The scones were minuscule and overcooked. The other pastries etc were small morsels . The tea offered was a tea bag in a pot - not loose leaf tea with a strainer as expected. I feel that if the cost had been £8 a head it would have been…,Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or770-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",melkie,booked the champagne afternoon tea and was very disappointed with the service we received...also felt it was not good value for money. Tried to speak to the concierge when leaving and he was not interested at all and just shrugged his shoulders...would not visit or recommend this hotel,Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or775-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon teA,"Booked the champagne afternoon teA for my wife's birthday. As she is a coeliac I thought the champagne would be all she could have, but no, the waiter went out of his way to organise a gluten free afternoon for her & she said it was perfect, the reSt of us enjoyed ours also! This was a virgin experience offer",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or775-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Great location value for money jury is out on that one staff very helpful as I was in a wheel chair (broken foot) nothing too much trouble for them . As some one  else mentioned a mouse box  I too found  one behind the TV cabinet at least they take rodent problem  seriously a sign of inner cities problems not vey nice but an  necessity. Room very big nice big ""pole dancing"" pole for getting in & out of shower was really useful .Mini bar in room never used as no price list in room didn't want to get stung by overpriced drinks. Tea & coffee making making  facilities BUT no biscuits wife was mortified LOL. Foyer area toilets, the spring loaded doors are really hard work when on crutches nice  touches with individual flannels for drying hands in toilets though Black sinks show water…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or775-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location & great hotel,We stayed here for one night whilst at the theatre. Have to say found it a great hotel to stay at. Room fab bed very very comfortable. Very good breakfast - only one thing which could be better - only one small bottle of shower gel & really needed 2 minor thing  Would happily book and stay here again,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or775-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Central location,"Stayed here due to location. I usually stay in Kensington, however had exhibitions and theatre trip so this made sense. Checked in about 11:30am as the room was ready which was great. Room was big, clean and had a large bathroom. The shower wasn't great though. I didn't use any facilities here, it was just somewhere to change wash and sleep. Due to location I will stay here again. Id say its an average price for a central London hotel. You can get cheaper, however there are a lot more expensive too.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or775-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea at The Courthouse Hotel,"By far the worst afternoon tea I've ever had in London. Everyone was there on a voucher. Situated in a side room. My friend and I moved ourselves to another table as we had been put by the wall, which was dirty. Cups etc thick crockery. All the food was plonked on the (bare) table at the same time. French stick portions (not finger sandwiches) made from cheap ingredients, packet ham, tasteless thin cheese, cheap teabags. No service whatsoever, every time we wanted something we had to leave the table and go in search of a waiter. 'Cakes' a waste of space. Minute un-risen scones. My friend commented that the clotted cream was good though! Trip to toilet showed rest of hotel was of a higher standard. Don't quite know what they think they're doing here but my advice is don't go and…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or780-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Very brief over night stay after work in London. Pretty swanky in public areas. Room a bit on the small side, well this is London after all, and don't get much for your money. Slap bang in the middle of all the action of Carnaby, Regent and Oxford St's and the beautiful Liberty just opposite",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or780-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice short stay in London,"After reading other reviews i was quite worried about staying here.  We stayed for one night in July after going to the theatre The hotel is very central just around the corner from Oxford circus, With Tottenham court road, Picadily circus and Leicester Square tube stations just a short walk away. Regent street was just around the corner. When arriving at the hotel the reception staff were very friendly. We had booked a standard room but were upgraded to a superior queen. The room was very nice and there was plenty of room. The rooms were clean and had Sky TV. The corridors of the hotel were a little tatty but not as bad as i had expected from other reviews. We did not eat at the hotel but took a stroll through Carnaby street and into Leicester Square where you will find many…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or780-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic base for the city!,"We visited The Courthouse in mid July 2015, myself and my partner, with my parents staying too. We had read different reviews for the hotel and we're very very impressed upon arrival. The hotel is uniquely designed and embellished to stand out from the big chain hotels in the area. The rooms are beautifully designed and immaculate to the minutest detail.  Linen and bathroom facilities were all lovely- the bed was very comfy.   By day and by night, there is no better location to explore the city. With the historic Liberty's of London department store opposite and Carnaby Street practically on the doorstep, we had a coffee in the morning at the Starbucks opposite and enjoyed an easy walk back from the nightlife of Soho and Piccadilly after our big night out.   Leicester Square and…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or780-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",great london vacation,"I ordered 3 rooms for me and my family.  The Courthouse was a very good selection  this hotel is very clean ,beds are comfortable, this hotel is in great location ,The staff was friendly and very helpful.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or780-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Delicious and filling.,"We had this as a Christmas present. The Courthouse was very easy to find. Lovely, friendly staff. My husband was able to change the sandwiches as he doesn't 'do' cheese, mayo or mustard!! I am so fussy about sandwiches as I hate margarine and always worry they will use it. All I could taste was the delicious fillings. Cakes were divine. I wish the scones had been bought out later so they were still warm. Plenty of tea and coffee was available. We ordered another glass of Champagne and was surprised a service charge was put on the bill. For the whole experience to be perfect I felt there should have been tablecloths on the table,",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or785-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Live mouse bait in room !!!,"If you are expecting a five star hotel do not stay here ! It is in no way a five star hotel so where do I start maybe the live mouse bait under the tv unit which contains warfarin an anti coagulant that causes blood thinning and bleeding. This bait was in a cadboard box and if lifted by a child could have easily accessed the poison inside! On informing the staff the manager refused to attend apparently in a meeting !!! I insisted as this was very serious and was left for over 40 mins waiting for him with a no show . If this is not enough to put you off there was also the dirty stains on the bedroom carpet  the electrical sockets hanging out of the wall ,enough that a child could have got its fingers into live part of the electrics. I have stayed in many 5 star hotels in London…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or785-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Centraly located with a friendly staff,Had stayed in the hotel for 4 nights with my family. The staff was friendy and very helpful. All my querries and wishes were promptly answered. Breakfast was included in my room price and was a full English breakfast. I reccomend this hotel to all who wish to be centrally located while staying in London.,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or785-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not so happy birthday,"We didn't book this hotel. We were supposed to be staying at a different one but they had overbooked and shipped us of to this one, albeit with an upgrade. We came to London to celebrate my 40th birthday with a meal at a Michelin started restaurant and a stay at a 5 star hotel. A special treat for a big birthday. It didn't turn out so good.  On arrival the staff were polite and friendly. We were quickly given our room card and directed to the lift. We went to our room along corridors which have definitely seen better days (peeling paper in a number of plaves) then back to reception as the card didn't work.  They checked it, recoded it and sent us back up with a porter who let us into our room.  We were,  quite frankly, underwhelmed. The room had an air of neglect to it. The big,…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or785-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Scrumtious afternoon tea!!,Very internesting surrounding of former court buildings near to The Palladium. Easy to fimd and plenty to do nesar-by e.g. Carnaby St.  Regent St. Oxford St. Very discrete but attentive service. Excellent selection of finger sandwiches and cakes neatly presented on a cake stand. Suitable for a variety of ages and group sizes.  A very pleasant way to pass an hour in central London.,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or785-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel near Soho,"I have stayed here a couple of times now on business trips. Rooms are roomy, clean and a nice surprise with little extras like a chaise longue, stool with a mirror, bathrobes and slippers and I'm just talking a standard room. The lobby is beautiful with big chandeliers and comfortable seats. The bar is a bit of a gem, at first glance it just looks like a small dark bar, nice. But they have these little rooms that look like ancient jail cells and you can sit in there and drink, it's good fun. Breakfast is nice, you can choose between cooked or continental. Only think I don't like is the breakfast room, I don't know, I think it's more a personal thing as I feel like the walls are closing in on me, probably because there are no windows. Location is brilliant, it's right off the…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or790-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good location - Hotel Facilties Good - Room a little tired for price,"Had booked dinner at Silk and stayed at the hotel to enhance the experience. The room price was higher than local competition but it was convenient. The decision to stay was influenced by the luxury brand. The hotel has interesting features but was disappointed that the room which was small was tired looking. The ceiling in the bathroom showed signs of mould and in general the walls were showing signs of wear and tear.  The room was quiet (even located close to the lifts), room facilities fine. The swimming pool and spa a bonus. The highlight of the stay was the meal at Silk which I will review separately. The hotel has interesting history and the original courthouse remains in features in the hotel which makes it quaint. The staff were friendly and helpful. On departure my…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or790-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, excellent service.","A few minutes walk from Oxford Circus make this a great location for central London. The room was lovely, comfy bed, very clean, all good. We enjoyed a drink on the roof top bar where the staff were very friendly and accommodating. The concierge and reception staff were also great. Check in and out was quick.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or790-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, great location ","We stayed 3 nights in the Courthouse hotel.   We found it very comfortable.  The rooms are not large by North American standards, that's to be expected and they were more than adequate.  We did have to get 2 rooms for a family of 4, rooms in London are quite expensive (reason I only gave 4 stars).    The staff was friendly.  They helped us set up the complimentary wifi which was good strength (could watch a bit of Netflix when recovering from the jet lag).  The location is great.  We didn't buy the breakfast package and I was glad, I will agree with others that the breakfast room was a little dreary looking.  Right out the front of the hotel are so many great restaurants.  The  concierge told us of one called ""the breakfast club "".  It is worth a visit!   Great food and…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or790-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A non-luxury hotel at luxury prices,"I am currently staying at the hotel, and have a further two more nights here. If I could get any money back, I would leave immediately.   The reception was polite, but has the feel of a b&b - staff tapping away on dirty computers. Told where there lift was, and left to own devices.   The curtains - that only just cover the window are haning off. There are some poor attempts to remove what must have been some really bad stains in the carpet, and there are holes in the bathroom wall - for a fitting that must have been removed. I am more lucky than my friend who is also staying in the hotel, as he has a much smaller room for the same price. There is nothing luxirous about the hotel, other than its address and perhaps outside facade.  I am hoping to get to sleep if I can get over…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or790-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",ASIAN AFTERNOON TEA EXPERINCE,"Was given a voucher as a gift for my birthday and was very excited initially...What a let down I love the old decor of the court room but the whole experience was embarrassing being Asian myself I  Really did not enjoy this very much and certainly was not worth the £42 price tag . Beetroot and cucumber sandwiches ,chicken tikka with mint yogurt sandwiches, cheese on toast with some chilli on it really !! Tiniest samosa's ive ever seen in my life, big bowl of natural yogurt with potato chaat at the bottom with a swirl of taramind and mint sauce on top which Was so cold (must of been pre-made) gave you brain freeze is not my idea of fun...The Indian sweets consisted of 2 small non existent mini muffins flavoured with some cardamon which was based on the famous British Pound cake…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or795-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 star!,"I have stayed in more luxurious Travelodge rooms. The staff throughout the hotel seem to find it very hard to smile and the swimming pool was too small (I had to swim in contorted circles). I only stayed one night, but the hoover seemed to live in the corridor by my room all the time. The carpets needs a good clean, the paint was chipped and peeling in my room. The TV in my room didn't work, and the stone around the sink in the bathroom was broken and stained.  I was stunned to find this is a five-star hotel. I would give it three stars at best. The only thing it has going for it is its location.  All of these things would have seemed far less awful if the staff had been friendlier. Even the doorman seems to be unable to smile...not a great welcome to the hotel!  I ended up…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or795-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5☆,"Stayed for one night whilst doing a show weekend.  The room was clean but tired. Missing veneer from furniture etc. Cream carpet that was stained.  We needed to tell reception we didn't have a shower head! Missing lampshades! Visited the pool which was ok but not a luxury experience.   Overall this hotel is in a good location, the staff are pleasant but it needs some tlc and is way overpriced for what it is.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or795-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",This is not a 5 stars hotel.....,"The location is great, but that's it. The staff is not very helpfull, there is a lot of noise from the roof terrace in the night and early in the morning (never get a room on 5th floor), a/c is either really cold or really hot, the breakfast is really expensive (£22,5.....), the room was not ready when we arrived for check in and our toilet was not flushing in our first room (we had to stay one night in a room without a toilet since the staff thought they could fix it). This is NOT a 5 stars hotel!!!!! ",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or795-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting, Depressing Place","I was forced to stay here for some business meetings, and entreat everyone to find another option.  While not expensive, I believe you can find a better alternative for the money in the area.  They reception personnel have no personality and clearly are not trained in hospitality.  The lobby feels like a 1990's discotheque - dark and tacky.  The breakfast room is sad.  The crowd is shall we say, colorfully eclectic.  My first room had poor A/C and a dirty window looking out on a boiler (not to mention the couch shaped like a pair of red lips).  I switched to a cooler, better lit room which was slightly more tolerable.  But, the shower is a trickle of water.  A few high points - it is well-located, the concierge tries (they printed and sent up documents pretty quickly) and the…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or795-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","4 star bedroom, 3 star communal areas and breakfast. (Would give 3.5 rating if I could)","3 of us stayed here for 1 night, sharing a room. The bedroom itself was very clean, quiet, spacious, light, with windows that opened. Bathroom was also clean and a good size - overall the room and bathroom were great. The location is brilliant and the staff were very polite and helpful.  However the communal areas were a bit bland and really didn't feel like a 5 star hotel... the main reception area and Silk Restaurant where we had breakfast weren't at all impressive, just OK and lacking in atmosphere. Breakfast was OK with a range of cereals, fruit, cooked breakfast but nothing special.  Overall it's a nice hotel but considering it's meant to be 5 star, I think if I was saying for longer I'd be disappointed.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or800-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Pretend 5 star,"two weeks before we booked this hotel we tried to book an appointment at the spa, we left a message on the answer machine to call us back, this was ignored, we emailed the spa asking for a return email again no reply, after one more attempt to get through we finally did get through to be told they were fully booked for the date required and we were not offered any other day or time, we finally emailed the hotel itself and the hotel manager apologized on behalf of the spa and did manage to get my wife booked in for a massage, but because of this we were wary of what we were turning up to. First impressions of the hotel are very good, nice foyer greeted with a smile at reception and offered a choice of rooms smoking or none smoking, the room we chose was not has big as we are used…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or800-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Having worked here when it was a Magistrates Court  I arranged a reunion with ex colleagues for lunch... We loved the fact that there were so many original features and ate in the original court no 1  the staff were brilliant very attentive and friendly. The biggest let down was the food, a spicy chicken breast on mash was a strange combination but the chicken breast was overooked and seemed like it had been kept warm.. It was underwhelming to say the least.  I would of thought for such an amazing hotel the food may of been very special... Hate leaving bad reviews but Hoping this may be a constructive review.  I would have complained but seeing as it was a special day it was t appropriate.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or800-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Special Occasion Stay,"My wife and I stayed at this hotel to celebrate her birthday and our 22 year wedding anniversary. I highlighted the importance of our visit via email and received a very swift and pleasant response from the reservation team stating that they would ensure our stay would be a memorable one.   We checked in and despite a complimentary upgrade not being available we were given a very nice, albeit small, clean and clearly refurbished room. Complimentary chocolate cake was then dispatched to our room which was nice and we were looking forward to our stay.   The TV was a large flat screen attached to the wall and a comprehensive sky package was included. Unfortunately this is where our special occasion started to go slightly askew! The TV would not change channels and was stuck on a…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or800-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",SPA was nothing great,"We had bought a Groupon Voucher for the SPA deal thinking the SPA will be very nice. When we had booked the day for the treatment, we got a call from SPA saying they have to change the treatments for some other day due to some problems at their end and they didn’t give us very good options for timings and said nothing available for next 2 months, so we had to go with date and time they gave us. We got there 10 minutes late so the treatment was cut 10 minutes each from 2 treatments which is fair enough. There was a black girl when we reached, she did not even say hi to us or gave us a smile and the first thing she asked was can I see your voucher. I found this weird. Our treatments started, hot stone back massage and express facial. Massage was nothing special the girl who did…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or800-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",quick review of the Courthouse,"We booked in on Saturday early and even though the check in time was 2pm, they managed to get our room sorted for us by 1130am, which was great so we could drop off our cases.  This is a lovely hotel just round the corner from the London Pallidum, which meant it was a 2 minute walk to the show. The rooms were excellent, very clean, plenty of towels, mini bar etc.  Everything you would hope that a hotel of this standing would have.  We didnt eat there for dinner but had breakfast and there was certainly a lot to choose from.  You will not go hungrey.  Will def visit there again, and can recommend to anyone looking for a hotel near the shows.",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or805-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","For the expense, should have been much nicer","Traveled with a group. The checkin process was painful. Many of the rooms were not ready on checkin. The rooms do not have irons, so you have to request one be brought to you. TV system was not user friendly. Windows in rooms could not be secured. There is not a comfortable seat in the lobby.  Location is good, and the hotel is historic, but simple little things would make this hotel Much better.  I've stayed here twice for work....would choose somewhere else for pleasure.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or805-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",afternoon tea,as a leaving present my friends got me tea for two at this hotel and I'm afraid to say it was awful. The service was poor and the food was old and stale and the portions were tiny. The scones were rock solid to the point I cut them only to crumble in my hand the portions were so small a cheesecake was served in a shot glass which meant that a spoon couldn't fit. I've been for afternoon tea at other hotels and the portions were much bigger and tasted so much better than what they provided here. At other hotels the food was plentiful and the choice was endless. I think they need to take a leaf out of other hotels books and see how afternoon tea is supposed to be served.,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or805-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,It was a nice venue and the waiting staff were friendly and pleasant. Champagne was very nice and sandwiches and cakes were nice. Atmosphere was ok but nothing fantastic. I do go for lots of afternoon teas and this one was nice; I cant say much more than that really.,Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or805-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","fantasic stay , great staff , first class location","Stayed for a weekend break July 2015 with my partner , perfect location , great for Regenet Street food quarter, sightseeing , and everything else the Captial has to offer , Staff and surroundings fabulous, Sky Roof terrace was a great way to relax in the summer sunshine. Got a bit of History attached to the place too, not often is the hotel bar a former, prison cell,",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or805-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"I bought this afternoon tea and river cruise deal for my mother for her birthday from last minute.com.  What a deal we arrived a little early they seated us straight away no problem, we were presented with a glass of Champagne which was delicious then we got to choose our tea we had the ginger and peach which was also lovely.  Then they brought out the food well what a selection, there was loads to choose from four different types of savoury rolls mini bagels and the choice of cakes were also delicious.  The service was great the staff all had a smile on their faces and happy to answer any questions you had really couldn't fault this place would happily rebook.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or810-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Should have been much better,"Although we visited as part of a voucher deal for  Champagne Afternoon Tea, which offered really good value, we felt that the experience should had been better than it was. The waitress that served us was very pleasant but unfortunately her lack of English meant that she struggled to understand what we said. The champagne was fine and the choice of teas good as was the fact that we were offered refills of tea. We were shown a standard menu and asked whether we wished to exclude any items and double up on others instead. The sandwiches/rolls were nice as were the cakes, biscuits and scones. The Carnaby Restaurant was pleasant enough but it was a shame that the Ladies' toilet was out of action and the only alternative was a single Disabled Toilet. We felt that a high quality…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or810-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Over priced,"Stayed here for one night and got a discount from late rooms, still cost £250 and that didn't include breakfast. Its history makes the hotel unusual so thats a plus as were the staff who I found helpful and friendly and the location was also good.  I can't however get my head round the price of some of the London hotels, they are nothing ""that"" special and certainly don't justify the £250 fee. Thank heavens the bill was covered by company expenses.  No doubt the hotel is full and the price is commensurate with that standard of hotel in the capital, and many people are happy to stay and pay.  But even so its a room with no breakfast included and its just okay.  Nice hotel .. Yes Overpriced .. Yes Worth it .. No",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or810-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible service, NONE of my 10 stays have been good. 3 stars at best.","I routinely stay here for business trips due to office proximity/corporate rate, but I've had enough. The hotel staff is inattentive and can't seem to run a hotel properly. Every trip has been plagued by at least one of the following:  - lost reservation, and arguments at check-in - overcharging at check out, and arguments over the bill - broken internet in the room (almost every trip) - non-functional television  - room service doesn't answer the phone, and doesn't call back after complaining to front desk - room was never made up, have to call reception to send someone at 5pm   For a supposed 5-star hotel, this experience is pathetic. When I arrive after a transatlantic flight, tired and frazzled, the last thing I want is to have to repeatedly call the front desk and have some…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or810-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea,"Treated my wife to their Champagne afternoon tea and I wasn't very impressed for a number of reasons. However, I have to say I was impressed that they used parts of the old courthouse and blended it well with the boutique hotel that it is. They kept the original cells which are now intimate seating areas in the bar area. They've even kept the original wooden toilet seats along with genuine cigarette burns! Even though I'm sure they have been cleaned, I would have thought they may have covered them in perspex instead of a plywood cut-out with three stones to hold it in place.  Having been shown to the tearoom, you are immediately hit by the lack of atmosphere. The original floors, doors and windows along with brass fittings have been kept and blends well with the modern…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or810-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic afternoon tea,"Took my sister for her birthday. Lovely setting, great service and fantastic food and drink. The selection was good and we could have changed items if we wanted to. Good selection of teas too. Was disappointed that other guests did not dress for the occasion but that is no reflection on the hotel. They do stipulate smart casual but I guess not everyone understands that.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or815-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, nice staff, small but practical room","We stayed there for 3 days. The location is really good.It is off Oxford street but around the hotel itself is full of shops and trendy restaurants and coffee shops and of course a very nice ""Pret a manger"" for a quick bite. The rooms were small but practical. Wifi was good but every single time we wanted to use it, we had to log in which was not very convenient but the connection was good. Breakfast was below average. Mostly where they serve it. I mean the breakfast hall was dull and the air conditioning definitely had a problem. Quality of food was also not that great.  We found a close by cozy place called ""the breakfast club"" where they served great proper breakfast and had ours there.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or815-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Afternoon Tea,"I was taken here for a champagne tea birthday present from my wife, who also managed to come along. She was less pleased that I was. What each of you gets is a glass of champagne, a pot of tea from an excellent selection, some sandwiches, some cakes, and a mini-cream tea.   The staff are excellent, the doorman showed us straight into the tearoom, and a waiter gave us the menu, and said if we wanted to change any of the sandwich fillings to let him know. In a few moments, he was back with a very nice glass of chilled champagne, which was very pleasant on a hot summer’s day.  I changed the filling of one of my sandwiches, and we chose our teas. Mine was fine, sadly, my wife’s was served with Earl Gray, not English Breakfast as requested, but this was immediately rectified without…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or815-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Free upgrade!!,"My fiancé and I stayed here for 2 nights, the location is superb, right near the paladium! We were upgraded but I must admit the room was what I was expecting for the price we paid anyway, im not sure what the basic rooms are like, the upgraded room had a full sky package including movies and sports which was great, drink were reasonable in the bar, friendly staff who were happy to help, we stayed on the second floor and they were cleaning the carpets so the whole carpet was covered in what seemed like old bed sheets which became a trip hazard!!!",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or815-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely rude staff and overpriced hotel,"The receptionists were exceptionally rude, speaking little English. We got a twin room when that is not what we had booked but they were not able to change it and were extremely rude and inconsiderate about the situation. The spa was also shut before the time it was supposed to be closed, when the receptionist told us it was open. The spa was also very basic as well as the rooms, with just a dingy pool and sauna which was not even in use. I left my ring in the room after checking out which was obviously my problem, so rang the reception immediately, the same receptionist seemed unhappy to help, said she would call me back in ten minutes once she had checked with house keeping and never returned the call. The unfriendly receptionist made our stay unpleasant. Never normally one to…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or815-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea,"I bought this as a gift to my husband for our anniversary.  It was a Woodmansterne 'five star day' voucher which included a Thames river boat trip. The trip was fine and we were really looking forward to our tea and upon arrival at The Courthouse, I was pleased to see a fine old building, located close to Liberty.  Then we were shown into the Carnaby room which has huge, beautiful windows, but someone had the bright idea of lowering the ceiling, reducing the light and obscuring the top of the windows.  The overall impression is dark - flooring, walls and tables. My disappointment grew as I looked at our table - chipped dark mock wood, no  tablecloth, industrial hotel crockery, paper napkins and a dinner knife and fork. My heart sank as I then knew what to expect from the rest.…",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or820-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Delight,Short trip to London on business - we had two nicely decorated rooms- warm welcome at the front desk once again- I was so happy to see great changes this time- we were treated to Champagne - salmon sandwiches and great teas- the little scones were really good!!! Keep up on the great work guys- as usual front desk recommended two great restaurants near by.  We felt very welcomed- clean rooms- friendly staff- Loved It- will be back again. ,Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or820-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Mt,"Very good part of london but very dated, no valet parking and the only car park is an ncp so if you have a large car you will have trouble parking Our room was at the front so very noisy all night and the bed is not what you would expect from a 5 star hotel springs could be felt and linen was dirty. All round dissapointment and over priced.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or820-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea,"Was given this as a gift for Mother's Day,What a treat!!!!!! Began with a lovely glass of bubbly, marvellous choice of teas, super sandwiches and gorgeous desserts. A truly wonderful experience. The staff were very friendly, helpful and welcoming.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or820-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"My daughter treated me to afternoon tea here as part of a lastminute.com voucher. When we arrived we were warmly welcomed into the room and asked where we would like to sit.  Our voucher included a glass of champagne, which arrived very swiftly.  We were then offered a choice to teas, and as we do not eat salmon, they said it was no problem and they would make extra ham rolls.  The rolls were a really nice alternative to sandwiches and arrived in fresh baguette and seedy varieties. The scones were amazing and not too big, so you could actually eat both.  The only slight comment is that the pastries were a little dry, but were still edible and we did eat them all!. The staff were absolutely fantastic, and kept coming to ask us if everything was ok.  We mentioned that one cake was…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or820-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A very comfortable room...,"I stayed here for one week on a business trip to London. The hotel is in an excellent city centre location with a lot of places near by for lunch and dinner.  I stayed in a superior queen room which came with internet access and sky television. The room was very large and comfortable and the huge bath tub was a nice treat!  The hotel staff were very friendly and accommodating.  The breakfast buffet was a fairly standard plain hotel breakfast spread.  A nice, large room smack in the city centre, I would defiantly stay here again for either business or a holiday.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or825-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"I bought Japanese Afternoon Tea for a friend and we booked in to go although my friend forgot to specify that it was for Japanese Tea. Despite this the staff were helpful and understanding of the situation and offered classic champagne afternoon tea instead which was just as nice. The sandwiches were on soft baguettes and had a good selection (egg, ham and cheese, tomato and cheese, salmon and cream cheese). Unfortunately I'm not a big fan of cheese but the waiter was flexible enough to get some extra ham sandwiches without it for me. The pastries were lovely and not too rich and there was a mixture of plain and raisin scones with clotted cream and strawberry jam. The tea list wasn't extensive but they had firm favourites available. The staff wasn't obtrusive and the service was…",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or825-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very average,"Tired and average to say the least. Won't be staying there again.  It could be so good, it is a wonderful location however, they just seem to want to get away with absolute minimum.  The roof terrace is nice and Hough and worth a visit. ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or825-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful hotel, but very disappointed so far. ","We decided to treat ourselves to a 5 Star Hotel for my birthday trip to London (since I had never been to the UK before). Unfortunately, our experience has not been what I would expect for a hotel with this rating.   Out initial impression was less than spectacular. Upon attempting to check in, the desk agent felt compelled to warn us that there was only one double bed in the room. I would expect this hotel has had more than one gay couple check in on the past, but she repeated this loudly until I assured her that we were quite aware and expected to sleep in the same bed since we are technically married. This was an uncomfortable moment since the woman next to us had small children that did not need to know we were going to be sharing a bed.   Our room, which though, a little…",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or825-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal for central London ,This is a most unusual style of hotel orientated around the old court house which makes it very interesting styling & quirky restaurants. The hotel central to any  who likes retail therapy as it is opposite Carnaby St & Liberties. Well worth a visit ,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or825-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea for two,"A bit pointless to echo all the other reviews that say how poor the tea is, but it just seems a pity to let it go when it could so evidently be improved. The 'music' was maddening, and nobody asked for it, annoying, irritating, banal. The sandwiches were lumpen, too much thick bread roll with a filling of processed cheese and pickle or egg and lettuce.  'Filling' is too kind a word - 95% bread. Yes, and the surroundings were dull, sort of airport waiting room, no sense of inspiration or even care. Like an ignored bar in Toronto because - well - ignoring it is the only obvious purpose.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or830-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea for two,"Afternoon tea in the Carnaby Room was a disappointing experience as indicated in many earlier reviews. Rather dreary 'un-luxurious' room, somewhat inattentive staff, background music - heavy beating stuff which seemed to be entirely for the benefit of staff and certainly inappropriate for the clientele present. Food was pretty basic and unimaginative, as described in other reviews. Certainly cannot recommend it and having previously enjoyed tea at the Ritz, I can only say that, while more expensive, it was worth every extra penny!",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or830-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor hotel,"We visited London to celebrate my partners birthday. I thought i would treat him to a 5*. When arriving the hotel looked like everything i had imagined. Once we got to the room door thats when it all changed. The room felt dark, there was marks all over the walls, stains on the floor, the mini bar had already had pringles eaten, the shower was broken and looked like a poor attempt to cover it up with tin foil, light switches were hanging off the wall. Just too many things. Ive stayed in better travelodges. Wont be staying again.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or830-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea for 2,"The venue was good the service was good but it lacked a bit of class you might expect from the title. This was a Christmas gift from our daughter and son in law and formed part of a Virgin Expierience. The food was a selection of small rolls cut in half and a selection of cakes and scones. The rolls were ham and cheese,cheese and pickle,and smoked salmon you used the same plate for the rolls and cakes bearing in mind one was fish, but the sad thing was no China cups just the type you would get in cafe and paper not linen serviettes,we felt this was a cut back from their normal standard due to us having a voucher, we were greeted with ""this is how the voucher works"" there was another restaurant that had all the nice China and furniture. On the upside the cakes and pastries were…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or830-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely experience,"Visited the Silk restaurant in the Courthouse hotel last week as we had a ""Virgin Experience Day"" voucher. When we arrived we had a cocktail in the hotel bar. Nice atmosphere (although early) and amazing to see the old cells used to house those accused in times gone by that now form part of the bar. We then moved to the restaurant itself. This is set in the old courtroom complete with all the old wood panelling and courtroom feel. The service and food was excellent with a special thanks going to Artur. I believe he may have been in charge of the restaurant and his service, smile and attention to detail was excellent. Nothing was too much trouble and he took time to explain the details of the restaurant, location, menu and answered any other questions we had. A credit to the…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or830-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Its a fine hotel, just not a 5 star hotel","Nice staff, excellent location. Nice lobby and fun roof deck bar. I would stay again. But the rooms are in real need of service, fixtures in the bathroom coming apart, walls cracking, etc. Call it three or even four stars and people would be fine.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or835-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great service, very welcoming","Recently visited this hotel for Champagne Afternoon Tea. Very welcoming and attentive staff, smiling and pleasant throughout the service. Champagne ice cold, good quality of freshly made sandwiches which are served on rolls and baguettes. Scones of decent size and good quality too.  It is beyond my understanding why some of the comments here on TA are so awful. I find it slightly mean and insulting especially towards staff who works really hard to make this experience enjoyable. I bought the deal for £35.00 for 2 people with glass of champagne and comparing this deal to Ritz or Claridges makes me laugh as other two establishments charge minimum £65.00 per person!!!  One more thing, read the deal before you buy as it says very clear on the web site and on the menu presented upon…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or835-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Experience for afternoon tea,"This is not 5* hotel and worst Afternoon tea we have ever experienced. It was just like Joe's cafe. The room was dark with no atmosphere. Where was the pianist / soft music? Where was the selection of leaf teas? Pot with tea bag. No china cup! As for the sandwiches there weren't any. We were presented with a plate of rolls cut in half with cheap fillings ham/ cheese, ham& pickle but they did manage a roll with smoked salmon just plonked on a plate. They looked recycled. We were hungry 3 small halves of rolls not enough after shopping so I asked for extra for my husband only to be told that would cost an extra £3.50! Disgusted and told the waiter that other experiences at the Ritz and Claridges they offer as much as you want and these are good quality sandwiches not rolls. When…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or835-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awful experience,"Recently visited this hotel for afternoon tea which I can honestly say was the worst I have experienced.  No dainty sandwiches but soft baguette rolls!  The room where we had the tea was horrible...this is definitely no 5 star hotel.  There were small black flies in the room which I think came off one of the plants, not ideal when you are eating.  I had also bought a movie and champagne deal for this hotel for the same day.  We normally go to the Firmdale hotels for this experience, they are fabulous and again 5 star but the cinema in this hotel is nothing like it!  The seats are not great and the film was from 1967, it wasn't to our taste so we left early.  We will not be returning to this hotel...ever!!  If you want a good afternoon tea or movie experience avoid this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or835-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Just went for afternoon tea, not quite the Ritz, but a very pleasant experience!","Barbara, the waitress was very pleasant and full of smiles! Overall, a lovely afternoon tea, champagne was ice cold and of good quality. Sandwiches and cakes all fresh and tasty, what more can you ask for? Did not stay at the hotel, so can't comment!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or835-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very Nice Afternoon Tea,"Champagne Afternoon Tea in the Carnaby Room a very pleasant experience. The room itself is decorated in a restrained contemporary style with large photo's of previous guests when the premises were a Magistrates Court. The food came in decent portions and was both tasty and fresh. The champagne was a welcome bonus at the start and brightened the mood. The staff were all efficient, unobtrusive and added to the experience with their helpful attitude. Located 10 minutes from Oxford Circus an excellent choice to enhance a days shopping.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or840-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location overall very good customer service,"Stayed here 2-3 May 2015. On arrival our room was ready which was excellent as we arrived well before check in time the reception staff were friendly and efficient and explained about reserving a deposit clearly. I would not class the hotel as 5 star but a very comfortable 4 star. We received a free upgrade on arrival and stayed in a king size room, yes there are minor flaws some wear on the furniture but it was very clean and comfortable. The bar in the hotel was good and learning the history of the old courthouse and the fact they kept the old cells and converted them was a nice touch. I advise if you want to drink in the cells you pre book one as they are very popular, the only complaint about the bar was the staff are not very good with running a tab but it didn't detract…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or840-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A bit tatty & in need of a some TLC,"We stayed for two nights and were upgraded into a queen-size room. it was clean enough but the décor dated & tatty.  Its a shame as the hotel is in an excellent position in London within easy walking distance of so many attractions and shows. We Couldn't fault the service of the staff but we were expecting a bit more luxury and the standard is not 5 star with chipped tiles in the bathroom & chipped glass on the dresser, peeling paint & stained carpets. Also other guests were shouting in the early morning & lots of banging of doors. I appreciate the hotel cant help this but it spoilt our sleep quality.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or840-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Came here with my husband yesterday for afternoon Tea. The staff were friendly but the service was slow, which in some way made it more relaxing but in another way frustrating. Didn't particularly like the Silk Restaurant would have preferred tea in the Carnaby where you could look out onto the streets of London. The rolls and pastries were fine. Lots of  different teas to choose from. Probably wouldn't go there again for afternoon tea, but a good location if your staying in London.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or840-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Daughters birthday afternoon champagne tea treat,"We spent a lovely afternoon having tea and champagne at the courthouse, our waiter Antonio was amazing ! Very attentive, nothing was too much trouble, he gave us information about the courthouse, which we found very interesting, the lace was spotless, and the tea and cakes and rolls were really fresh and tasty ! It was my daughters 30th treat, he very kindly gave her a cheesecake with happy birthday piped on the plate, it was a deal that was very reasonable,we had a lovely time and would not hesitate to go back. Thank you Antonio !",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or840-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Room standard not 5 star!,"Room not ready at 2pm, items missing from mini bar on arrival, wall lights not working and lampshades missing, exposed switch and wires in bathroom, chipped bath, stained carpet, mouse bait behind TV unit, spyhole in door just had plain glass in it so if anyone looked through it from the corridor they could see straight into the room, no complimentary biscuits, no welcome/information book available. Will not be staying there again.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or845-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect located,"Perfect located near everything :-) Our room was clean and in ok shape. A bit worn out. I have astma, the air was a little heavy so I had to take my medicine.  We stayed in room 405, it was noisy  throughout the night. Firs it was loud music, then screaming and yelling people and really early in the morning there were a lot of noise from the loading dock area right outside the hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or845-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea spoilt by staff meeting at next table,"We'd booked the Champagne tea by the voucher system as we had always wanted this experience whilst visiting London.  The hotel is wonderfully situated - opposite Liberty's and Carnaby St - and is quite pleasant inside. The tea, sandwiches and little cakes were excellent - thoroughly enjoyed them.  Unfortunately half way through, my husband, who was seated next to the door, suddenly had the door energetically opened onto him by what looked like one of the hotel managers who was talking in a VERY loud voice to his companion - a business associate - as they barged into the room.  They sat at the next table but one to us (no-one at the imbetween table) and proceeded to have a business meeting with the manager at all times speaking in an extremely loud voice.  They were then joined…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or845-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not a sandwich in sight!! Please do not go....,We were given this Champagne afternoon tea as a gift (Virgin experience ). As it was my BIrthday yesterday we used this to celebrate. Please Do NOT Go...when we arrived we were shown to the restaurant .The staff in the restaurant totally ignored us we seated ourselves and then asked to be served. We were shown the menu which showed the selection of sandwiches ! We were brought our glass of champagne the tea arrived ....the sandwiches were baguettes cut into pieces. I suggest these are the part baked variety which are the cheapest you can buy. The egg mayonassie with spinach contained one spinach leaf and a teaspoon of egg! My husband complained to be told it wasn't the Ritz and was 100% cheaper!!(not sure how this works out). He was told the menu States bagettes I will post a…,Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or845-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Tea but the room was airless,"The service was excellent, friendly and professional, with one caveat. The food was very good, fresh sandwiches, though I was disappointed they were rolls rather than ordinary sandwiches. Extra tea provided without having to ask and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. The only downsides were the room where we ate, 'The Silk', which was an old courtroom, looked slightly dishevelled in that there were tables not laid, that always looks odd, and one of the waiters was folding napkins standing at what was the magistrates bench. I find that strangely disconcerting. The piped music wasn't to our taste, it was modern American, a bit upbeat for tea. The biggest problem was the lack of air in the room which made it quite warm and slightly uncomfortable. That said I would return.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or845-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Buyer beware this is no 5star,"Arrived early so asked if we could leave luggage the reception staff were very unfriendly & unkempt. Returned around 5pm to collect key to room, our luggage was dumped in front us, hadn't been taken upto room & no offer of help or directions to room. Room itself was awful, old dirty decor & carpet, bathroom stunk of damp & was dirty. Breakfast was cold, poor selection & again unfriendly staff. It's barely worth a 3 star rating let alone a 5 star. Only good thing is the location, but don't be fooled that your getting a great deal at a classy establishment because if you've stayed in any decent 4 or 5 star London hotel you will be very disappointed. ",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or850-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"A very nice and suprisingly filling afternoon tea with champagne,  the lavatorial tiled walls of the old courthouse surroundings whilst interesting didn't lend the right ambience to really enhance the experience. ",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or850-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",They have listened.,"After reading many of the reviews about the afternoon tea experience at this Hotel, my husband and I nearly didn't bother to turn up for our booking, however it was a Red Letter Day present and we felt it would be rude to the givers to waste it.  We had very low expectations but we're very pleasantly surprised.  The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, and the food, though basic, was well prepared, fresh and tasty.  I don't think it is worth the full price but the experience is often available through Virgin and Red Letter Days on a special offer.  To sum up... The hotel is interesting, the tea room pleasantly decorated, the staff delightful and the food, substantial and unpretentious. We had a really lovely afternoon, I really felt the management were doing all they…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or850-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Japanese afternoon tea? Better of with the full English!,"we were very luck to receive a voucher for Japanese afternoon tea from a friend at Christmas. Being a huge fan of Japanese cuisine I was very much looking forward to the event. Booking was easy, no issues but when we arrived we were shown thorough to a strangely decorated old court room doubling as a Japanese restaurant.   We noted quickly that all the other dinners were partaking of a more traditional English afternoon tea that looked delightful. Being the only persons dining on the Japanese menu we were looking forward to the tasty delights described on the menu, sadly were were told that the star of the show, a crab and avocado maki roll was off the menu. This was strange and disapointing, we booked three weeks in advance and the menu was set so why the main dish as not…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or850-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",This is NOT a Five Star Hotel,"I have stayed at dozens of four and five star hotels in London and the Courthouse is neither.  Sure, it has a great location - within walking distance of great shopping, theaters and restaurants.  But hotels are not awarded stars based on location, they are judged on service and facilities.  The courthouse is shabby and in desperate need of renovations.  Lower rooms look directly into adjoining offices, meaning you must leave curtains closed unless you like being watched.  Mattresses are awful, furniture in the smaller rooms is just too bazaar to explain (imagine having to get up to look around the corner of a bed stand see the clock radio!).  Staff is well intentioned but not given much to work with.  I imagine they hear the 'you are not a five star hotel' statement frequently,…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or850-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday Theatre Break,Stayed for one night on theatre break. Friendly staff. Very nice room. High spec with safe and air con. Close to west end theatres and bar/restaurant on site. Despite being close to Oxford circus no noise or distirbances.,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or855-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally located overpriced hotel,"I stayed here while I was in London for work since my office is close by.  I would NOT choose to stay here if given the choice.  Here are the pros: --2 blocks from Oxford Circus tube stop.  --Very close to Liberty of London --Very close to cafes & pubs and the area of Carnaby St. --Good sized room & bathroom  Here are the cons: --Front desk—the quality of the staff is uneven at best.  Some are friendly & helpful. Some are nice but clueless.  And one particular Front desk Manager was just SNIDE & RUDE.  After our conversation, I realized we had a miscommunication.  Both sides were wrong/right.  However, if given the choice between “being right” or “getting your point across”, this particular Front desk manager chose “BE RIGHT”.  Fair enough.  However, it was clear that this…",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or855-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea only,"Had a Virgin experience voucher including trip along the Thames and afternoon tea at this Hotel. It wasn't what I would call ""traditional"" as instead of finger sandwiches they provided small rolls cut in half, although the choice was good. Miniature cakes were nice but scones a bit doughy and bought in. The tea was a Twinings tea bag not loose tea, even the Pattisserie Valerie chain provides loose tea of your choice. If you want traditional find somewhere else. Best bit, was the delicious glass of champagne must have been good quality as it didn't give me a headache!",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or855-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Time for an upgrade,"The location is excellent, Close to the west end shopping district. The staff are friendly and helpful. The problem is that the hotel is in need of refurbishment. .The  central meeting areas are like a throwback to the 1980s; andthe rooms are poorly furnished. In the room in which we stayed, Safe did not work and the plumbing was less than efficient. Breakfast was also very poor quality. This is not a bad hotel. It's just not a very good one. If you choose to stay here you are advised to bargain about price.",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or855-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Regretable,"Got given the tea and champagne for two as a Christmas present. When we got there, we weren't greeted very well and were accused of not booking for our afternoon tea when we booked two months in advance. They almost asked us to leave and didn't believe us despite having our voucher in person. After a while, they finally let us sit and continued to be unfriendly. We felt very unwelcome by all the staff and everyone else there. Although we dressed nicely, we felt looked down upon. The whole time we were there, we felt so out of place and uncomfortable. The sandwiches were not to our taste, however the cakes were lovely. We did have to get lunch somewhere else afterwards though, as we were still very hungry. I wouldn't recommend this place, haven't been treated this badly anywhere…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or855-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cream tea,We had a great stay after a christmas gift of a cream  tea. Every thing was as it should be great service. Only complaint  is that the shaver socket to room 306 was unsafe with no cover on. Staff told at checkout. Would stay again.,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or860-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hangout in central London! ,"I recently came here for lunch and was impressed by the attentive service followed by the impressive range of cocktails at the courthouse bar, where I sat in a private booth - a converted prison cell! Would definitely recommend this spot to anyone visiting London and looking for a quaint place to have afternoon tea, lunch, dinner or drinks just opposite carnaby street and Liberty. ",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or860-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasant afternoon,"Taken for afternoon tea for Mother's Day.  Lovely glass of champagne on arrival, greeted by friendly, helpful staff who asked if we had any dietary requirements or fillings that we could not eat/didn't like offering to accommodate our choice,  Good selection of sandwiches, cakes and scones, portion size spot on, fresh and moist, tea replenished frequently when requested.  Relaxed environment, not especially ornate but comfortable.  Enjoyable experience.  Good value for London, not the Ritz but  the price was very reasonable.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or860-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat,"My friend took me for afternoon tea here for my birthday using a voucher she had. The staff were very attentive on arrival and asked if we had any dietary requirements - I said I was vegetarian.  They brought along a platter of baguettes cut into small pieces, not the sandwiches as advertised on menu.  They were mainly cheese and tomato and my friend, not being vegetarian, requested more variety which they did bring, but couldn't give an explanation as to why they used baguettes instead of ordinary bread.  The champagne was lukewarm but drinkable. The cakes were OK, rather dry but edible.  I felt disappointed for my friend who had specially paid quite a lot of money for my birthday present and I would not recommend this as a place for a special afternoon tea.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or860-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",We were given a gift voucher for champagne afternoon tea. I have coeliac disease and am vegetarian,"Offered gluten free bread sandwiches and really lovely scones and two very nice little puddings and two small fruit kebabs. Husband had more 'bits' than I did!  Staff helpful and polite. Room looks grey and dark. Husband vegetarian as well - sandwich fillings sparse and boring, cheese, egg and roast veg but just not enough filling and my bread was a bit thick - although taste OK for gluten free bread. I would have never paid the current rate for this tea - London prices or not- just because it was poor value for money.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or860-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea is a great experience,"We were given a afternoon tea with champagne gift voucher . It was  a great experience. We had a selection of rolls  with delicious fillings , also we had  scones & cream with strawberry  jam , a small cheesecake and a variety  of cakes.  The staff were very friendly and helpful , we enjoyed it very much .",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or865-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Four of us went for a birthday disappointing,When we arrived the staff were very nice but then went down hill I have a cheese allergy so one of the roll was just pickle and tomato and the smoked salmon had cheese in it I don't think I will be returning in a hurry,Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or865-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Worst 5* Room I have ever seen,"So I stay in London most weeks weeks and use a number of 5* hotels and have never had such a terrible room as I did last night in the Courthouse.  I paid in excess of £200 for a room that would have been embaressing in a 3* hotel.  The room, 609,  had a carpet that was dirty and stained.  Walls were badly marked, skirting boards were away from wall and filled with sealant (which was cracked) to mask the issue.  The room which was small  Which on it’s own was not a major issue but it had a massive TV that was sat right next to the bed on a unit level with the pillows and about 6 inches from the bed facing same direction as the bed …  so impossible to watch in any comfortable manner.   The room had a kettle and tea making facilities but was nowhere near a socket to be able to plug…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or865-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Odd combination,"We were given a Virgin Experience voucher for Japanese afternoon tea at the Courthouse Hotel in Great Marlborough Street. When booking the tea we were told only the 15.00 hr booking was available, despite the statement that the tea was available from 15.00-17.00hrs. We were the only people having the Japanese Tea.  The Courthouse Hotel has the advantage of being close to Oxford Circus Underground Station, but be warned it is not easy to find- a rather dilapidated flag at the top of the building is the only indication of location-which is easily missed.  Staff were lovely, and explained what was included in the tea. We had a choice of eight teas, although one was not available- my wife chose the Green Tea and I had the Ginger and Peach. The Japanese Plum wine was delicious. The…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or865-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid the spa. The pool had enough chemicals in it to give an unexpected facial peel.,"Stayed at the Courthouse this weekend, great location, quiet room with hotel staff that were generally pleasant and helpful; all was going well until we made the mistake of venturing into the spa on the morning we were checking out. We were met by a member of staff who appeared to be somewhat challenged in the customer service skills department and alas through our subsequent dealings with her, she did little to redeam herself from that initial assumption.  All we wanted was a swim before we checked out, but we got enough of a surly attitude from that customer service deficient person to shame a teenger and enough chemicals in the pool to provide an unepected facial peel. In summary : Nice hotel, shame about the spa.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or865-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant trendy hotel, with cocktail bar, gym, pool, spa and best location in central London!","Stayed in The Courthouse before. This hotel's location just off Regent St is excellent for shopping on Oxford Street, Oxford Circus tube station and getting buses around London. I booked three nights in a standard room, but was upgraded to a deluxe room free of extra charges and it was a lovely room. There is a small swimming pool, gym and suan a in the basement which I used. Really helpful staff on front desk and housekeeping, although the girl on duty in spa wasn't so friendly and I got told in front of two guests while I was already undressing that I couldn't use the spa lockers which I thought wasn't fair considering guests can use the spa facilities for free at any time it's open. No mention of restrictions to use the lockers. It just found it very awkward. If the lockers…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or870-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","great location, worth the premium?","I was pleasantly surprised on the location, spitting distance from Liberty, close to Regent st and 5 mins from Victoria line, very handy as I came from Gatewick.  The room was nice, but not flawless, with a tub and odd shower hand wand, a stand up shower would have prefered. As another traveller mentions,  the wi fi didnt work in the room.",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or870-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea:,"Using gift voucher for Champagne Afternoon Tea (10 March). Thoroughly disappointing experience.  Despite published menu showing variety of finger sandwiches and pastries, we were served lukewarm Champagne and uninspiring bread rolls and sliced baguettes with 4 consisting of cheese and tomato fillings! The cakes were miniature and dry and we had to request some additional different fillings for the rolls.  Asked why no sandwiches, but given no explanation.  Certainly not good value for money and not true to description published by hotel.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or870-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and good value for money,"After a long journey from Australia, I was very pleased to stay in this very clean and comfortable hotel which was very conveniently located.  I would happily stay here again.  Staff were friendly and helpful, the room was clean, comfortable and quiet and my stay included breakfast and wifi.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or870-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Baffling Customer Service,"I’ve twice tried to arrange things at this hotel, on one occasion a cinema viewing and another time an afternoon tea. When I tried to arrange the cinema viewing the staff redirected my call several times then left it ringing without an answer, so I emailed them and no one got back to me. On another occasion I tried to arrange afternoon tea and found the attitude of the staff rather pretentious and cavalier so went elsewhere. Safe to say, I will not be making a third attempt to book anything there.",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or870-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay,"Lovely hotel, really enjoyed our stay. The hotel is very central, just yards from Carnaby St and over the road from Liberty's. Staff were friendly and efficient. The room was comfortable and well appointed. One little quibble: at breakfast the tea was supplied from a thermos-type jug, an individual teapot would have been so much better (and more in keeping with the standard of the hotel). Having said that we liked the rest of the experience and would therefore stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or875-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",No Wifi,"Stayed in the new wing. Wifi doesn't actually work and no fixed given after complaining after the first night. For a central London hotel and 5 star its not good.   Shame, as the location is very good. Its not 5 star and basics are not right.",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or875-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Recent Stay,"Stayed for 3 nights as a returning customer, although previous stay was when the hotel was a Hilton a Doubletree. Good location, but I agree with others that to say it is 5 star, is stretching it.  The breakfast is adequate but with a dairy allergy, poached eggs were ordered.  They arrived promptly but, unfortunately, accompanied by a large nail cutting on the plate. Reported immediately to restaurant staff with no reaction.  Then reported to Duty Manager before we had to leave for the train.  Still no contact 8 days later, which is disappointing. Unlikely we will be returning.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or875-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very close to work and comfortable,"I had a decent experience here. As an American traveler, the hotel met most of my needs. I was provided with a free room upgrade upon check-in, and was able to get my room before 11AM. After traveling 9+ hours, this was well appreciated.   The Room The room was spacey and nice. It was mostly clean, but there were layers of dust in less touched spots, such as by the table near the couch. The King bed was two twins next to each other, which is common for London. However, they were not comfortable and I heard springs whenever I moved. I did like the desk in the room and the layout. The shower was strange as the glass only covered half of the shower resulting in water all over the floor, I almost slipped and fell a few times in the shower due to it's layout, and I suppose the…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or875-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and very good value,This is the perfect location for visiting the West End and also very convenient for heading to the Southbank. The hotel has a really nice feel to it with staff friendly and helpful from arrival to departure. We stayed in a classic double which was reasonably sized and clean. Probably wouldn't give the hotel 5 stars but for the price and the location you wouldn't really expect that. All in all no complaints at all and would definitely stay again and recommend the hotel to anyone.,Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or875-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing.,"We booked here for 1 night.   The room on first glance looked acceptable, although not what I ordered. We should have had a twin room instead we had a queen sized bed. Not wanting to waste precious time getting room changed we decided it would do.  On closer inspection the room us in need of TLC. The carpet us frayed, the furniture is worn down, the bathroom could be descaled, the curtains to the room would not fully close etc.   The room book stated the room had free Wi-Fi, which reception had also stated on arrival, but none available.   The breakfast was standard and nit particularly anything to get excited about.  For the money you pay, the room us not worth it!   The location is it's only saving grace. A stones through from Oxford Circus.   Probably would not return. ",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or880-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Afternoon Tea at Carnaby Restaurant,Me and my wife visited this place for the afternoon tea during our last weekend in London. At the entrance we have received warm welcome by the restaurant manger and than showed to a table. Shortly after one of the waiting staff came around to explain the menu and took our tea order. Champagne and the afternoon tea platter is of a good quality and really good value for money. We bought a voucher online for 35 GBP for two people including glass of bubbly. Probably you may find more fancy afternoon tea elsewhere but we really liked the attentiveness and politeness of staff and the idea of sandwiches served on roll and baguettes instead of cheap sliced bread served as finger sandwiches. Well done to Carnaby team and the manager who gave us a tour around the hotel and explained us…,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or880-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not going back!,"I had Afternoon Tea here on Saturday as it was bought as an experience present for me and my boyfriend. On arrival, the staff made me aware quickly that I had the wrong time written down for the tea. I had written 4:00 but they had me down for 1:00. One of the gentleman (bald and working in the Carnaby restaurant) said to me ' You are three hours late' and then watched with a smirk, confident that he had made me feel stupid,  as if I didn't already, whilst me and my boyfriend deliberated about what to do. I then asked if they had a table free at 5:00 and he nodded but then just again watched us. I then asked if a table was available now and he nodded again and I had to ask to be shown in as he just stood there smirking in enjoying watching me and my boyfriend discuss our day.…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or880-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Bad service,"I stayed at this hotel for business trips in London, several nights, with my team.   This week I have been really disappointed :  - no Wifi in the room (I was staying in the new rooms of the building where there is no connection) - no room service menu in the room - no heating, had to ask for help  Poor breakfast : only one tea available, no freshed juices, …  Apart that, the room is very good and the bed very qualitative.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or880-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Old world comfort in what was once a courthouse,"I had a great suite directly across the street from the wonderful Liberty London. Room was spacious, it was quiet, lovely shell chairs in the reception. Built with noble materials and a good nights sleep.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or880-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",2nd time. Only the location,"It was my 2nd time in the same hotel. The only positive thing about this hotel is the location, location. Really in a perfect spot for shoppers and due to its proximity to tube. Other than that, hygiene - zero! I stayed for 5 days and found the shirt of previous guest which was under the sofa. Which means it was never cleaned properly. Plus the beds are too old and uncomfortable, so sleep quality is very low. And again in the second stay, not a pleasant view of the room. Only the most expensive rooms have a view I guess. I recommend only if you don't care about these and all you want is shopping! Just a note, staff is quite helpful, appreciated.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or885-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 stars but ok,Great location.......however. Needs a refurbishment we did not useany if the facilities as there are many other bars and restaurants to go to. Needless to say the rooms are clean. Shame as for the location it can have a fantastic hip and cool bar and restaurant,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or885-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing location,"We stayed for a birthday celebration for both myself and my husband as our birthdays are 5 days apart.  I also used my free hotels.com night as part payment so it was good value.  This is our first stay and I chose the hotel because of its location and the location was perfect.  At the top of Carnaby Street, almost opposite Liberties, it provides easy access to the shops of Oxford and Regent street and the bars and restaurants of Soho.  Obviously really close to the tube as well.  Check in was smooth, we were early and although our room was not ready our bags were stored quickly and our key was ready and waiting when we returned later in the afternoon.   The room itself was clean and had everything you would need.  The view over an office block was not pretty but meant we had no…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or885-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointed Romantic,"Stayed her for Valentines weekend and was so disappointed with the room.  We've stayed before which is why we were returning and this time upgraded rooms too.  I was so excited and looking forward as the room we had on our previous visit was amazing. I couldn't wait to see what a better one would be like. I was surprised but not in the right way, our room was no more than an expensive premier inn room, the layout, view and size all the same.  I wanted to complain and take pictures but as it was a surprise valentines present I did not want to upset my partner.    The bathroom was mouldy on the ceiling and around the shower area.  The mirror had been painted sliver and this was now all chipped and flaking off.  The bedroom furniture had not been dusted and looked quite tired and…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or885-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lost its way and definitely not five star,if you want an amazing location and are happy to pay five star prices for a four star experience then this hotel is fine.   It's not five star. The attention to detail is missing. Staff are pleasant but not 'gushing' or as attentive as I've had at other hotels.   Small details Gym was open for use but I was first one in the morning. Had to turn on the lights and air con myself. Water was the dregs of previous day.   I was told the spa staff would be available at five thirty so I could go and get a treatment then. When I arrived two girls were on their phones and told me they were on their lunch break.   Walked into restaurant which was empty. Had to shout hello hello before staff came. I had to check they were open as they seemed surprised to see us.   i ordered red wine off the…,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or885-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous afternoon tea,"I brought my mum for afternoon tea for her birthday using a voucher deal. We were both blown away by how fantastic it was, considering sometimes when you do a voucher deal you don't always get anything above & beyond... it was outstanding. The staff were sooooooooo preofessional, friendly, and helpful. They offered to take a photo of us both, as it was her birthday and presented her with a slice of cake with happy birthday piped onto the plate with icing! We got extra coffees and  more than enough cake and sandwiches. The champagne was really good too. The room we had the food in was lovely, as was the rest of the area accessible to the general public. Really lovely loos too!!! Thank you so much for making my mums birthday special :-D",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or890-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not five star experience,"Booked this using an online booking site and so got a good deal on the price so we can't fault for value for money.  Here are the good and less good bits:  Very good:  The location - literally within a few minutes walking distance of theatre land, Soho/China Town, Regent Street and Piccadilly Circus.  Its location is a big plus and the reason why we selected the hotel.  Receptionist - very friendly and efficient both on check in and check out.  Told us we had been upgraded to a deluxe room which was nice.  Good:  Room - clean and had everything we needed except for (rather curiously) a hairdryer!  Not even one of those awful fixed bathroom ones.  Less good:  The reception area - could do with a revamp - looks tired and a bit grubby (particularly the floor).  Breakfast room - we…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or890-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Mouse in Courthouse room :(,"I wanted to let you know that our stay was unpleasant. Upon check in, we were told that all renovated rooms are unavailable even though we had requested it in advance. The first room we received 301 had a horrible cleaning supply stench that caused headaches and stains on the carpet.   Then we were changed to room 517, and there was a MOUSE running around in the room on 12/31/14 afternoon. We informed the reception of this, and they insisted that they are unable to change our room. They did mention that the mouse issue was the second one they've had within a week or so!  We had to leave for the fireworks around 6pm so we didn't stay to see if they caught the mouse, but the gentlemen were using a clothing hanger to try to get it out from underneath the closet...highly unsanitary.…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or890-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Courthouse - wonderfully different,"I booked for a meal here with some reservations after reading reviews but was delighted. My several email enquiries were dealt with promptly and courteously in the week prior to arrival, allaying my several concerns. The 4 of us were welcomed by lobby staff & shown to the bar (complete with actual cells from the hotel's days as a Magistrates' Court). We were served well made cocktails politely by attentive but unobtrusive staff in our 'cell' prior to dining in the Silk Restaurant. Excellent food, again attentive service and obliging staff despite the very full restaurant on Valentine's weekend. I will definitely use the Silk Restaurant again, and hope to stay at the hotel next time.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or890-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Poor reception staff need some maintenance for 5 stars hotel!,"We were 3 people in a hotel, at the beginning I deeply regretted having chosen this hotel and not following the advice of the visitors on this site: My room was too small for 2 people even no place to put our luggage I just asked for quite bigger one but the night shift manager in the  reception  asked aggressively to pay  extra. i tried to explain that i just need a place for my luggage but he was very unhelpful. i started only to enjoy my stay when we met Savio Colaco very professional and kind he tried his best to help we have really appreciated his welcome. i strongly advise to ask Ramdan very very nice concierge he is extremely helpful with big smile.  in other side, the rooms need maintenance: holes in the bath, scale and phone not work!",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or890-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing Afternoon Tea,"I went to the Courthouse Hotel this week with my partner for Champagne Afternoon Tea. Unfortunately we were served baguettes which were cut into small pieces, and these were supposed to be sandwiches as advertised. It was disappointing, and a real let-down. After all the afternoon tea costs £26 per person, so this is not what one would expect at this price. We were served pastries, which were okay, but nothing special to be honest. We have had much better quality afternoon tea in other hotels, and would therefore not return to the Courthouse Hotel for this again. The Courthouse Hotel needs to up it's game, as it is not good enough. Be warned!",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or895-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel in good location,"I'm very confused why this hotel has a 5 star rating - who gives out these stars and what are the criteria?! It's fine, but it's nowhere near what you'd expect for a 5 star experience. It's all a bit tired and shabby. The blotting pads on the reception desk have been doodled on, and there was an empty beer can rolling around the bottom of the lift when I went to find my room after checking in. Room was ok but no better. Shower was good. The bar was very busy. The only outstanding thing about the hotel is its location. Easy walking for Oxford St/Regent St shopping, 3 mins to the tube and very close to all the bars and restaurants of Soho. I chose it solely for location so was not that disappointed, but if you're looking for a nice luxurious feeling 5 star hotel then this is…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or895-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Japanese Tea did not impress,"We booked a Japanese tea in the Silk Room and were disappointed. Whilst the old Magistrates court room is of historical interest, it just isn't the right setting for a Japanese themed tea. In fact the whole experience was bizarre and the food wasn't great either. Goodness knows what a Japanese tourist would make of it!",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or895-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but one two things need a bit of attention,"We stayed here whilst down in London for a visit to theatre. We couldnt have picked a better location. Overall the hotel was very clean and room adequate however a few small things let it down. We had no plug for the bath and we were brought up a rubber plug without any chain and the shower hose on the shower was really disgusting .Both of these things could be quickly remedied at very little cost. The breakfast room was very clean everywhere but some of the cupboards could do with wipe down the front. Its such a shame as we would stay here again, just need to pick up on some of these small points",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or895-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing for 5*,"On arrival check in was borderline rude. We asked about wifi and where advised that it was complimentary in lobby but £15 per day in each room. We had booked 3 rooms for 5 days so for the approx amount of £3k for our stay we couldn't have any internet connection which is disappointing for business associates who travel to London frequently. We had few drinks in the bar as the first night we did, the member of staff left the bottle and didn't offer to open or pour it- staff don't speak English well.  Bed was rock hard, shower head suitable if you're 5ft2inches but- in saying all that- the surrondings are pleasant.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or895-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel in Soho,Have just read some other reviews and I really dont know what people want. This is a great hotel in Soho close to everything  - location location ! Our room was big and airy . It was clean and the bed was very comfortable The staff were very friendly and helpful Breakfast was as much as you wanted in a great setting We will definitely be back,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or900-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant location. Good value. Smoking allowed in room is a bonus.,1. Location is excellent. Opposite Carnaby Street. Opposite Liberty. 1 min from Oxford St and tube. 1 min from Regent St. 5 min to Piccadilly / Soho / Chinatown. Couldn't be better located. 2. Price was reasonable for such a central location. 3. Rooms and hotel were spotless. 4. Reception and concierge staff were friendly and helpful. 5. 6th floor terrace has stunning views.  6. 6th floor rooms allow smoking in the room. As a smoker who would prefer a balcony as I dont like smoking in a bedroom it is a godsend not to have to get dressed and stand outside the door for that last ciggie at night or first in the morning. 7. Breakfast was fresh and decent selection. 8. Only negative - The bar staff are soooo slow. We would have had more drinks if they had been quicker. Loads of pubs…,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or900-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel ,"Have just returned from a night in this hotel.  The room was a nice size, well equipped and the bed was very comfy.  The only bad thing about the room was the shower - there was a powerful shower head but that was on the wall on the side of the bath rather than the end - so you had to stand next to the wall to use that otherwise it was going all over the bathroom.  The shower that was at the end of the bath was like standing under a tap!    We were woken up by bottles being emptied into bins outside at 7am from nearby bars and my friend said she heard commotion outside in the night - but that's not the hotels fault.  I had a lovely sleep other than the early wake up!  We had champagne afternoon tea in the hotel and it was delicious...we got it 2 for 1 on Virgin experience days -…",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or900-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Credit card needed to use in room safe!,First hotel ever where I am required to swipe my credit card on the room safe so as to use it.this in addition to payment for the wi fi.At £180 a day would not expect this have stayed here before but only because of the location .hotel also refused to reduce my stay from 3 days to 2 although plenty of notice so goodbye Courthouse very short sighted attitude and breakfast is poor,Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or900-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"The first thing I consider in any hotel experience is the bed. Get that wrong and I won't be back. So, I won't be back to sleep in the Courthouse Hotel's lumpy, springy, uncomfortable mattresses again. The carpet and the duvet covered were old and stained and worn. The bathroom had a hairdryer but no outlet. It just seemed like there was zero desire to keep the place fresh. On the plus side the staff were young, eager, and attentive. The location is so central and convenient and really perfect. But for the cost it just is not a place I would recommend.",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or900-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Meh hotel all in all but cannot fault the fantastic location!,"This hotel is apparently a 5* (how?!) but I'd say it's more a top 3*....although it was very clean and very comfortable, the classic twin room I had was, ironically, even bigger than the deluxe room I had at the Langham and was much brighter too....the overall feel of the hotel plus its staff just isn't quite there.  For one, the decor of the hotel is just plain, old and peeling on the walls, cracks everywhere and thread-bare carpeting. No one came to clean my room for the entire day, even though we left at 9:45am on the Saturday with the 'Please make-up my room' sign on the door. At around 3pm, the housekeeping staff came knocking - she carried a box of cleaning supplies and her arm held aloft a bundle of (hopefully) fresh towels. No trolley of clean bedding, fresh amenities in…",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or905-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",4 star,"A perfectly comfortable, modern and well decorated 4 star hotel, (for whatever reason awarded with 5)- apparent even from the photos the hotel themselves have supplied. A very busy bar upon entry and you would expect that a 5 star rating would require at least one doorman or some reception staff to greet. None to be seen. A lovely big room with everything you would expect and absolutely pristine- but with no 5 star bells and whistles. Star rating system seems to have been inflated- the courthouse should not be in the same category as the Dorchester, Corinthia etc.Still a great hotel, would stay again without hesitation.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or905-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly but Tired,"Welcome greeting and upon first impressions all seemed great. However 3 bulbs in the room on significant points not working, not replaced upon request. Bath plug broken, large window curtains one inoperable as hanging off rail.  Room was clean and bed comfortable with plenty of room.  Silk Restaurant booked 1 month ahead was disappointing. Table booked for 19:30 was the last one left and consisted of two benches too high for the table. Luckily 2 other diners left when we finished our started and we were able to move. Food was ok but not memorable. Breakfast was lovely.  Just a few small actions could make this a place to return to but for us it's too late. Sorry",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or905-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Bad Hotel",This hotel is in a great location nearby oxford and regent street. Also hyde park is 25 mins away (walking). The rooms are small. The hotel is dirty. We found a rat inside our room in the middle of the night and all they did was give us complimentary breakfast for half of us for one day to apologise.,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or905-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Art-Deco style in the heart of London's Theatreland,"This excellent and well-appointed hotel is just two minutes walk from the stage door of the London Palladium. The rooms are smallish, but the style is excellent and the quirky bar and breakfast rooms tell of the hotels' dark past as a former magistrate's court. The staff are delightful and there can be few better hotels with this excellent location from which to explore Oxford and Regents Streets and the more exotic parts of Soho",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or905-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful Staff, Great Location & Accomodations","The staff, location and overall experience of the Courthouse Hotel are all fantastic but it was the consistent experiences we had with the staff that really amazed me.  Kind, friendly and quick to provide help, advice and guidance.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or910-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous Hotel right in centre of London,"Hi Judy here again A Happy New Year to any one who read's my reviews, we stayed at the Courthouse on New Year's Eve as we were in London for a dinner dance at the Northumberland Hotel and to see the fireworks down by the river well you can read about that later, well now back to the Courthouse what a fabulous central hotel it was exceptional, the staff were fab all of them, the young lady on reception when we arrived at 4pm was super so friendly and funny we had such a laugh, the room was luvely we were in 519 we had a bit of trouble trying to lift the plugs from the bath and the sink as we could not see how they worked at all, but hey ho we had a great sleep, we had a drink in the bar a must see for any tourist as they have I think it is four cells in the bar if you want to…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or910-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 stars but free socks which is nice,"We are staying here tonight for one night and it's a real shame that the rooms aren't cleaned properly. When we arrived there was a dissatisfied customer at reception complaining about a dirty room, and ours was dirty too. Currently there is a used sock under the bedside table and I have just asked for the room to be cleaned. Not even an apology. Hopefully the sock will be moved on by the time we get back from dinner.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or910-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Needs to be renovated,"We'd stayed in this hotel several times over the years when it was a Doubletree.  This was our first stay since the link was cut.  We were disappointed.  We'd booked a superior king room.  The photos on the website and the actual room are totally different.  We know that the rooms illustrated on the website do exist, since we stayed in them before.  But the one that we got was shabby, with stains on the carpet, a battered sofa and broken lampshades.  We'd paid for a superior room.  We were palmed off with an inferior one.  This is not the way to treat regular clients.  They did change to room, to one that was bigger and marginally less shabby.  When it was a Doubletree at least I got points for staying there.  Now that the link is cut, there is little point in spending the money…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or910-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"Excellent service, Well cleaned good sice rooms, the best location, and great value for money. The staff is allways helpfull and service minded. Well wearth the extra money, with is also saved thanks to no transportation costs.  Will be back!",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or910-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Only 4 star due to location,"Stayed here in early December but never again, arrived early to use the spa facilities but had to wait 20 minutes for someone to attend the reception then was told the lack of towels was down to them having a busy day, then had to wait another 10 minutes for ""housekeeping"" to deliver a towel. Once in the pool I soon left after seeing a disused plaster floating about. I was with a large group of friends (16 in 8 rooms) having drinks while friends arrived, when we asked if it reception could order taxis we was told no we'd have to go out and organise our own, this was a first, as many other hotels have always done this. On returning to the bar we ordered 16 doubles to finish the evening only to be told 5 minutes later that the bar was shutting and we'd have to move out into the…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or915-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Treat it as a bed for the night,Good location. Room adequate. Have travelled extensively and this room was plain and functional. Main plus point was the central location if hotel by Carnaby St. Room view was a brick wall.  Major disappointment was that I booked this for my birthday treat with daughter with a view to enjoying the rooftop bar.  On arriving we were told it was closed. It would have been nice to have been forewarned.  If you plan to go soon in Dec 2014 check this. I m afraid it's back to going abroad for treats in future. London overpriced.,Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or915-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea,"I received a Virgin experience voucher for my birthday back in July which I exchanged for this experience as it was more suited to me and wanted to experience the Xmas lights in London at the same time. Booking was easy although I was told the only available time was 5pm. The hotel location is very central, just off Regent St and opposite Libertys and Carnaby st so the Xmas atmosphere was fantastic. The restaurant was practically empty when we arrived and we were shown to our table, brought out a glass of champagne each and had the menu and teas explained to us. Service was very quick and friendly even though the place soon filled up shortly after we arrived. The sandwich selection was pretty basic, turkey and cranberry, cream cheese and cucumber......but the cake selection was…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or915-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Afternoon Tea,"Visited the Courthouse for Champagne Afternoon Tea the week before Christmas.  This was on a voucher given as a birthday present and I was delighted with the whole experience.  The hotel is in a great location for both shopping and sightseeing in the heart of London.  The tea was excellent value and the hotel, tastefully decorated and interesting from a historic point of view.  The staff were efficient and friendly, particularly Antonio who took my companion and I on a guided tour of the hotel's courthouse features.  I would like to return to experience the afternoon plus cinema package.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or915-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, lovely hotel","Very nice hotel near to Oxford Street and Shopping Perfect in fact for a stay in London especially if you want to go shopping. Very clean rooms, of a high quality.  Our room overlooked the back and was very quiet all night long. Staff very helpful in ordering shuttle to the airport at a nice rate. Nice breakfast if anything a little too expensive  Would definitely come back to this hotel next time We go to that part of London, you won't be disappointed.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or915-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",December 19th 2014,"Stayed here overnight prior to Theatre break. Was disappointed not to be able to book the restaurant and whilst it said 2.00p.m. check in, the room was not ready.  HOWEVER, when we were able to check in, the room was excellent, the hotel was very clean and extremely well located. I am not slow in complaining about poor service etc, but I really have to compliment the hotel in an all round way.  The breakfast is excellent and I would certainly recommend you pay the extra, I am sure you will enjoy it.  'Check in' is a bit slow, but taking time to 'chill out' doesn't do any harm eh!  Leisure facilities are very limited, but again the staff were so helpful and polite. I can't give it 5 stars as it is clearly not TOP Class, but given the price of Central London Hotels, I felt this…",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or920-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Japanese afternoon tea at Courthouse Hotel,"We had vouchers (£20pp) for a Japanese afternoon tea and visited on a Saturday at 15.00.   Positives:  - Although we didn't stay overnight, I imagine that the location is fabulous if you're staying in Central London as it's incredibly near Oxford Circus tube station. - Interesting hotel history. - it's always nice to see hotels try to offer alternatives on a traditional afternoon tea. - Acceptable service in the Silk restaurant (where the afternoon tea is served). - Free top up of the tea. - The afternoon tea was served in a bento box, which was a nice take on the Japanese twist. - Plum wine was fine to drink, though it wouldn't been nice to have the choice between plum wine or a shochu/sake cocktail.   Negatives:  - I had to double check that the hotel was right as the hotel…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or920-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 star luxury,"Got off to a poor start. It was my birthday weekend and my wife rang to ask for a nice room. First response was a grumpy non- committal  lack of interest so she tried again and was told they would look at it on the day. They hadn't and we given a room which directly overlooked a massive office next door so the curtains were permanently shut. The good news was that the room was ready and Gianluca on the desk was very pleasant.  The room was not 5 star luxury. It was warm, clean and the bed was comfortable but no different to any three star we have stayed in. The rodent bait behind the cabinet was a bit off putting but at least they're on the case. The bathroom was ok but needs attention.  5 star luxury hotels walk the extra mile. They don't charge for Wifi or the room safe. They…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or920-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Bring ear plugs!,"The Courthouse is very nice and in a terrific location for shopping, theatres, and anything West End. The rooms are comfortable, clean, and spacious. The only problem is that (presumably because it's a listed building) the windows are not well insulated for sound. We were in room 108 at the back of the hotel, overlooking a service street, and there was intermittent, sleep-disrupting noise all night, from bottles being emptied into a recycling container, to HGV lorries arriving to make deliveries. Really spoilt our big night out, and our stay there :-(",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or920-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",courthouse has really gone downhill in recent years,"I have stayed at the Courthouse many times across the past several years, since my husband is often in London for business.  I have always loved its unique architecture (a former prison) and fantastic location.  However, my last few stays have been disappointing.  It started with small hiccups like no reliable internet access but has grown to more serious lapses in service.  On our latest stay, we called the morning of our arrival to see if we could secure an upgrade and to see if it might be possible to have our room ready for our early arrival.  After being on the phone for at least 10-15 minutes, we received confirmation that both would be possible and were assured the changes had been made in the system.  When we arrived, there was no upgrade and no room available.  In fact,…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or920-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but....,"We have stayed here several times during the past few years, when it was part of the Hilton chain and have always found it to be very good. However this recent trip of 3 days was extremely disappointing. We were not offered help with our luggage and we had 2 large cases. We had no bath robes in the bathroom and I asked  if they could provide some, none arrived I went to find a rep from housekeeping the next morning and was provided with 2 . We had a problem with the safe, it wouldn't lock and in spite of asking 3 times for it to be repaired it still was not working when we checked out. On our second night a mouse ran across the entrance to the bar and under a settee in reception/ lounge area, hardly 5 star. The bedrooms were cold and the however high the temperature was set, it…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or925-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","GREAT location, but. . .","We just spent 4 nights here. Given a three star review mainly for its location and the concierge staff. The young lady who checked us in didn't tell us about where the breakfast room was and the time of operation. We had to call down the next morning. Also we had ""pre-ordered"" a bottle of red wine to our room, which we had to call to have them deliver.   The breakfast buffet was so so. The coffee tasted like instant coffee. My husband like his tea, however. There were some warm items. Tried the bacon (looked like Canadian bacon) and it was so tough I couldn't eat it. They had yogurts but they were not on ice. Who wants warm yogurt?   The hotel room was rather dark, but it was comfortable enough. Liked the closet space. The bathroom sink and tub did not drain well and the water…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or925-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","great potential, but not even trying to meet expectations","The location of this hotel was wonderful, being almost opposite LIBERTY, and there we no glaring issues- but many many not so great matters -  there was nothing to warrant the star rating of this hotel. It has potential- but no-one has taken the trouble to recognise this and act on it.",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or925-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent located hotel,"Very nice hotel around Regent Street, Oxford Street and Carnaby street. Perfect for a stay in London especially if you want to go shopping. Nice, clean rooms. Our room had window to the back-yard and was very quiet all night long. Personnel very helpful in ordering shuttle to the airport at a nice rate. Good breakfast, if you choose full breakfast(both english and continental) it was quite expensive. We chose one day of each. Would definitely come back to this hotel next time I go to London.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or925-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The afternoon tea was very disappointing,"We were give a voucher for afternoon tea and a glass of champagne as a present.  When we arrived we were shown into a drab room, nothing festive about it except a small tree in a corner,  loud pop music playing and staff more interested in speaking to each other than looking after the guest.   The bridge rolls and sandwich had little filling and the bread had no taste what so ever. The cake was tasteless, the only saving grace was the two small scones which where the best thing on the plate. There are much nicer places in London to go so don't waste your money.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or925-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",not worth the money........,"I didn't really know what to expect from this hotel.  I found the staff very friendly throughout our stay- helpful and polite every time I spoke to them. The concierge was particularly kind.  The location is brilliant- within easy walking distance of absolutely loads of stuff!  The hotel itself was slightly disappointing- the decor was tired and it looked like it was in need of some TLC. The room was a really good size with a nice big TV and loads of storage.   The cleanliness was below what I would expect with gunge under the shower screen, a dirty and stained fridge and a crack right through the bathroom sink.  We stayed for two nights and was very surprised that when the maid visited on the morning after our first night she tidied the bathroom and made the bed nicely however…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or930-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful service great location,If you are just looking for location and a good room this hotel fits the bill but that's where it ends. No atmosphere and reception fest tucked away which might be a good thing given the rudeness of staff. ,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or930-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Vermin Infested,"I booked this Hotel for my boss to stay on 26th November - she was awoken in the night by scratching noises, turned on the light and saw a mouse run down the wall and into the bedclothes!  When she brought this to the Front Desk attention, they showed a complete lack of concern and offered a 10% discount, after a brief discussion they increased this to 15%.  I have since taken up this matter with the Hotel and they still are unconcerned.  Will be reporting this to Environmental Health!!",Date of stay: November 2014,1.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or930-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Big fall from the past,"I have stayed at the Courthouse many times - it was earlier part of the Hilton Chain.   This trip ( I am currently staying there) turned out to be a disaster   1. The Hotel is no longer part of the Hilton Chain   2. It has lost its sprint and energy and looks ghostly   3. The service has dropped   4. The rates are still the same ( A expensive 250 Pounds/ night ) - but they are no longer inclusive of Breakfast & Wi Fi   5. There is no complimentary water in the room - even that is chargeable   6. The Wi Fi did not work when I woke up at 4 AM and wanted to work   7. The towels don't look fresh and soft   Overall this was a great place , great location, nice rooms - but just a change of management has resulted in it collapsing   Clearly my last stay at The Courthouse - gritting my…",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or930-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Don't waste your money,"We stayed as part of a large company booking....location is perfect but everything else is a let down for what you expect from a 5 star hotel.  The room was tired looking, needs refreshing & no complimentary water.  The staff we experienced were rude, aggressive & did not understand English.....the list goes on, this hotel should not be rated as a 5*, you would get better service in a Travel Lodge/Premier Inn.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or930-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"We visited the hotel and its history is worth exploring, it used to be the Marlborough St magistrates court and gave you an insight to those who attended this court in the 70' and 80' and has pictures of famous people entering and leaving the court adorning the walls as you walk around the hotel you find the old cells, dock etc. and the hotel building has some real charm, the afternoon tea was had in Carnaby Bar and we had a window seat overlooking the famous street, the afternoon tea started with champagne and then a host of well presented sandwiches, cakes and scones with as much tea of coffee as needed, the staff and service were excellent and we had an enjoyable two hours in this historic building, well worth a visit.",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or935-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Head down for the night ,"Great location for theatres, shopping and dining. Good place to stay if your planning a London trip room good size and a comfy bed.  Had cocktails in the bar where the old court cells have been transformed into small quaint rooms for a bit of privacy.  Bar tenders a little slow on the cocktail making although a good drink when finally arrived. Room service a bit hit and miss but reasonably priced for a bed for a night. ",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or935-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",In need of refurbishment,"The location of this hotel is fantastic, however, the hotel is in urgent need of refurbishment. Furnishings are worn and ripped and the decor is very tired. We also got no sleep at all because there was temporary building work going on because of a fashion show taking place the next day and the bin men the kindly came at 6:30am and were extremely loud. I expected A LOT more for my money.",Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or935-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Good  location and service, deteriorated installations ","Location fantastic.  Service provided was first class in particular by reception .  Drawback is that hotel needs an urgent refurbishment .  Prices charged given the state of the mattress ( caved in and twisted springs), cracked washbasin, worn out carpet, etc.... Unacceptable .  A shame because the personnel is well trained and the location unbeatable.  One suggestion. The rooms have no facility for continental electrical 2 pin plugs which gave me a serious problem in being unable to charge my iPhone. Please sort this out given that a large % of clients are non UK!!",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or935-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",It's OK but I've stopped in better hotels,"We booked this based on reviews on this site and on first appearances it looked very nice. We had booked a smoking and a non-smoking room.   The building is lovely retaining some of the original magistrates court features.   Our check-in time was 1400hrs but despite arriving well after this time only one room (non-smoking) was available. When we returned later we were told the second room was now made up but it was also a non-smoking room. We reluctantly had to accept this but when we got to the room there was a sign hanging on the door for the room to be made up and the key card didn't work in the door. Another trip to reception and we were given the room next door. The Dep manager, Ilyas, was very courteous and receptive to our complaints; in fact all the staff were very…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or935-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Two day Black Friday stay,"The location is fantastic, the staff are really friendly and  helpful. Breakfast was just about ok, poor for a five star hotel. In the room there were no biscuits only 4 tea bags 2 normal 2 earl grey. Two people were booked into the room there was only one bath robe and only one set of toiletries. The bed side lamp did not work and made some dubious noises when i attempted to turn it on.Overall I have stayed in four star hotels that have been far superior to this hotel.  I am surprised that this hotel is listed as five stars. I was really looking forward to spending a couple of days as a treat at a five star hotel but was disappointed. I must however say again the staff were fantastic.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or940-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place for a drink,"We visited the bar at this hotel on a Friday night as other bars nearby were rammed, and im glad we did. The service was super efficient, prices not too bad and plenty of nice places to sit. Music was good and not too loud.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or940-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Customer service is great!,I stayed at The Courthouse a few weeks ago and following a couple of little niggles I must say the customer service has been tremendous. I spoke directly to Quentin Hale and he couldn't have been more obliging and helpful. We have now booked another stay at Easter!,Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or940-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fab weekend ,"First time staying here & it wont b the last , quiet, clean , brilliant location , helpful staff , luxurious room !! Couldn't have asked for more , they even kept up with our constant demands 4 tea bags & milk !! Thanks ""courthouse hotel"" 👍👌👍👌 ",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or940-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Quality hotel,Very pleased with hotel within walking distance of Oxford street and other great attractions . Very quite at night staff were very helpful ( ibrahim kucusu) was very helpful couldn't do enough for us would recommend this hotel to anyone best night sleep I've had will b back again soon .👍,Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or940-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Clean & Quiet but can do better,"Pros: Great location. Very quiet.Clean.  Cons: Skip the breakfast, it's overpriced and not interesting. Across the street and around the hotel plenty of places for a better meal and better atmosphere..  Customer service is random it depends on who is at the reception when your require a service. Some are helpful and some show up with that unfriendly face that says something like don't bother me go away ...  Stayed at this location a business trip and needed to access the internet: They charge 15 pounds  for 24 hours of internet access or half of my monthly high speed internet with Rogers back in Canada but for one day ...a motel in the middle of nowhere in Ontario,Canada will offer your free wireless access...  It's a very slow and unreliable. It's a rip off. At some point I…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or945-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",afternoon champagne tea,"an excellent way to spend an afternoon avoiding the hustle and bustle of the nearby streets. an extremely great range of sandwiches, cakes and scones with a choice of teas served with a tasty glass of a pleasant chilled champagne and best of all ,,,, with a virgin experience deal is very cheap.",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or945-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Superb Location,"We stayed 2 nights and got a good rate through hotel.com. We did not quite know what to expect after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and were pleasantly surprised.The room was nice, good size, very clean - and everything worked. Staff was friendly. The location could not be better - and we will come back another time, if we can get a good rate. Breakfast is a bit overpriced. I do agree that it is not a 5 star hotel - but we felt comfortable and enjoyed our stay.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or945-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but there were MICE in the room!,"Actual mice. In our bedroom. Do I need to say more?  This hotel seems great on the face of it, but if you look deeper they definitely have a lot of issues. The decor is terrible; we had to quarrel with reception to get breakfast included in the B&B rate we had booked; there is no wi-fi in the bedrooms (although there are mice, so maybe they believe people will be so pre-occupied by that they won't need wi-fi...!). On the last day, the light in the room didn't work either.  It's a shame, really. It is a beautiful, old building that used to be a courthouse. It has some lovely features, but they just haven't made the most of them. The restaurants are tucked into hard-to-find areas, and the breakfast is set up in a make shift room. It's all a bit strange and definitely not what you…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or945-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea," My partner visited The Courthouse Hotel afternoon tea with me, he wasn't keen to go after I had hyped up afternoon tea to be so good. It was a disappointment hence given my review an average. Found it difficult to find the hotel due to its appearance, disguised by the scaffolding outside. The Carnaby Restaurant very dull and no table clothes so not at all appealing.  We were served fairly quickly with our glass of champagne which was lovely. Been vegetarian asked for my sandwiches separate which they did. They were dry and not fresh. Scones were lovely, the cakes were nice but not wow !  I have had an afternoon tea in Bettys in York and this was so much nicer and worth every penny, so glad I didn't pay full price for this.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or945-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"Great hotel in fantastic central location.  All the staff were friendly and helpful.  Rooms were attractively furnished, clean, comfortable and quiet.  The hotel is an old court and there are still lock up cells (refurbished somewhat!) in the bar that you can have a drink in.  You can eat in the old Court room in the evening and breakfast (which was excellent) is in the court waiting room.  Downsides are that the bar service was friendly but really quite chaotic (one drink ordered had not appeared in 25 minutes despite it not being very busy at all) and the fact that is would cost an extra £15 for room wifi. We didn't try the spa but will next time!",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or950-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 star,This hotel is far from being 5 star our room Overlooked scaffolding no towel rails in bathroom very ordinary reception area all in all very disappointing for the money paid the spar only opens at 10 o'clock so if you want an early morning sauna and swim tough,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or950-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5 star,"Stayed here for one night on the 11th of November. Location is brilliant but this is where the positives end. We arrived and the front of the hotel is not very well presented as you walk in the lobby its like walking into an old underground station, reception not signposted. Checked in and was not shown to room or offered any help with our bags. Walked into the room which was VERY small and very shabby. I called and the manager came up and offered a free upgrade and the upgraded room/suite was nice and a better standard. We came down for breakfast the following morning again not sure where to go finally found a very odd dining room again with very dodgy decor. The breakfast is sat in buffet trays. 5 star hotels should have a menu and you should be served breakfast. One choice of…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or950-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, average everything else","Booked this hotel on the strength of its proximity to Pollen Street Social. Within five minute walk to Oxford circus station and more or less across the road from the top of Carnaby street and Liberty's department store it was ideal for our purposes.  The hotel itself is ok. Rooms starting to look a little dated, but decent sized and comfortable. Reception staff ok, concierge a bit lacking in knowledge of the area - though that may have been a little bit of a language barrier as when asked for directions to Pollen Street, thought I meant Poland St.  Decent bar with friendly bar staff.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or950-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",40th birthday weekend,"Lovely welcome on arrival, nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff ! The birthday dessert plate in our room & our complimentry glasses of champagne at dinner was a lovely touch   ! Food well presented & tasty. Room was comfortable & clean,not quite 5* standard but brilliant  location.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or950-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",EXCELLENT LOCATION - SHABBY ROOMS,This hotel seemed ideal for the gallery visit we were making on a Thursday evening.   It seemed a bit pricey when we booked it but as it had five stars we thought it must be OK.   Our room was adequate but on further exploration we discovered there were two non-working lights;  the curtain was hanging off its rod and therefore couldn't be closed - in central London you really need to block out as much light and noise as possible.   The TV didn't work properly and there was no WIFI unless you paid £15 per day.   The breakfast was exorbitantly priced (£25 each) so we ate elsewhere and probably better.   The plug in the bath had broken so we had to sit with our hand on it until the water pressure in the bath was strong enough to hold the plug in place.   Etc.etc.  We rang the…,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or955-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location great but sadly not much else,"Location is the reason to book the Courthouse, just off Regent street a short work from Circus. Interesting history to the place. Rooms are large for Central London. It has a pool. However probably wouldn't go back. It feels a bit shabby and the fixtures and fitting in the rooms are not much above lodge quality, beds old and sag in middle ! The pool is nice but as others have mentioned there is a silly metal box above it meaning quite a large area can't be used. The sauna door is broken and squeaks like a fire alarm when opened, simple maintenance would fix that. Nobody on duty in the pool area the couple of times I went so no way to use lockers and it's official opening hours are limited (not before 10 on Sundays). Many simple maintenance issues around the hotel like lightbulbs…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or955-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant location but no free Wifi in rooms,Couldn't fault the location. Just off Regents Street with all the bars & restaurants of Soho on the door step. Efficient check in & reception staff friendly & helpful. Spacious room & well equipped bathroom. Had a treatment at the spa but wouldn't recommend it - I was the last appointment of the day & felt I was in the way as there was a lot of clearing up & washing out of bowls going on around me. I didn't realise when I booked that there is a Hilton connection hence the charge for Wifi - in this day & age no hotel not offering this service can be classed as 5 star. Won't stay here again because of this.,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or955-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hit and miss.,"Location superb for central London, character hotel, friendly staff, feather pillows and duvet.....BUT...whilst our room was newly furnished, there was no telephone, no alarm clock, tv had to be tuned and aerial adjusted to pick up a few stations, none of which were the main 5. Water was adequately hot, but nowhere to put wet towels in bathroom to dry, no hooks, no rail, heated or otherwise, no shelf space either. Towels were found in the wardrobe!! Not even a hanging space for wet outerwear. Breakfast was somewhat shambolic, with queuing to be seated, with tables available, but uncleared. Buffet breakfast was always in need of replenishments, and the only table service required was tea and coffee which was slow and incomplete.. Food was ok'ish, but not in the league advertised…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or955-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea ,"Visited this hotel as we had a voucher for a champagne cream tea for 2. On arrival we were directed to  The Carnaby restaurant by the concierge where a waiter showed us to a table, asking us if we were happy with the table before leaving us to get settled. He returned with 2 full glasses of chilled champagne which was very nice. He took time to explain the sandwich choices and what teas were on offer. We had a delicious selection of finger sandwiches, warm scones, cakes and pastries. It was a very relaxed atmosphere, we were not rushed at all. We were offered more sandwiches and tea. All the staff we spoke to were polite and helpful, we enjoyed our visit very much and would come again.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or955-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Highly recommend  Location great.,Modern hotel . Clean large bedrooms  all you would expect from a 5 star hotel. The best part is it's history.  It was the old court  in Westminster. Where people were tried and sentenced before being  transported to prison. I was talking to the concierge he new the history  And proceeded to show me around. Sorry I forgot his name. He was the concierge with the shaven head. The breakfast room  was the waiting room for the prisoners family to wait on the verdict. Main dining room is the court room with the Judge seat and the barristers benches. The bar entrance has the original prison doors with the cells made into seating area for guests. But the best of all They have a Movie Theatre in the hotel.  The sauna pool etc very good. The location perfect.  Could not ask for better . No…,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or960-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,No irons in room. Three requests and forty five minutes later - dirty iron arrived at room - luckily I noticed condition of iron before attempting to use! Gave up after that! Telephone at bedside did not work. Bulbs in bathroom not working. Front desk staff surly - certainly no welcome. On arrival deep cleaning being carried out on corridor carpets - had to clamber over ground rags! Not what one expects for £259 per night!,Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or960-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",October 2014,"I paid approx £365 for a one night stay at this hotel, Superior King Room It was last minute and needed to be in Central London so choice was limited Hotel was across the Road from Libert shop so was easy to find  The Good Points Good Efficient reception Good size of room Quiet  The Bad Points A Third of the light bulbs in the room did not work Shower took 15 minutes of constant running (never getting properly hot) in the morning Breakfast was very average- the hot food being just tepid  Would struggle to want to rebook this hotel given the price",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or960-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good but not perfect,"We recently visited for a one night stay . We had driven so the valet parking was a welcome addition . We arrived about midday on a Saturday so didn't expect the room to be ready as it's 2pm check in time , but we arrived back after 2 and the room still was not ready not good enough really for the prices they charge . When we eventually got into the room it was a good sized room tastefully decorated and comfortable bed etc . The only other blip was the chamber maid knocking on the door at 9am on Sunday morning when check out time is 11am . She was obviously anxious to finish her shift . These are little niggles but maybe there's room for improvement in that dept",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or960-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Attentive hotel,Myself and three friends visited the hotel this week and were given a great welcome by all of the staff.  The rooms were lovely.  Food served in the bar late into the evening delicious.  The only negative was the loss of water early morning for an hour but the hotel tried there best to keep us informed and resolve the issue ASAP.  We will be visiting again.  As the location is perfect for theatre land and shopping.  I felt compelled to review to balance out all the previous negative feedback.,Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or960-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea Experience,"Me and my partner visited for Champagne afternoon tea.  The service was very friendly and everything was explained to us very well. Everything was very quick, but didn't feel rushed which was nice. The Champagne was lovely, nice and cold and flavoursome. and the Latte that was served afterwards was excellent. Overall it was a good experience and I would recommend to friends.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or965-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",It needs urgent renovation,"This is my second time at Courthouse hotel. First time there where overbook ( I had a reservation ) so they moved me to an another hotel which a hated, for few days until they had a room. Since the company a I work with have a deal with them I ended up again there. But in the meantime  the hotel was not renovated for a long time and the rooms are in the need of urgent renovation because they just look shabby ( not chic ) filthy and everything is falling apart. The first night I could not turn on the AC, the Wifi was broken and later a fuse blow up so I also had no light. The y could not fix anything because the maintenance guys don't work 24/7 even though Courthouse has other hotels in London so they should have the capability to do so. The employees of the hotel where very nice…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or965-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Not really a ""5 star Soho hotel"", and as for the 'spa' well....","We were staying over for my birthday and upon arrival were impressed. The place looked nice and the entrance and interiors were also very nice. We were given our room key and the room again was nice. That was until we went into the bathroom and realised that someone had relieved themselves in the toilet and it hadn't been flushed, this meant that we weren't sure if our bathroom had even been cleaned. We had to be at the palladium for a certain time so didn't really have time to mess around complaining as we wanted to go grab something to eat and head for the spa. We went into bar area  (where they have buzz are old prison cells with toilets in them where you can sit) hoping to get something little to eat, and they refused to serve us a sandwich/ cake and coffee and sent us to…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or965-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",BEWARE OF THIS HOTEL AND THEIR OVERBOOKING POLICY!!!!,"Arrived on Saturday morning with my 9 year old daughter as a treat for her birthday  On arrival told the hotel fully booked but they would transfer me to another hotel - a 4 star hotel in Mayfair - despite having written confirmation of booking   Reading below this is not uncommon practise   Had no choice as to move as didn't have time to try and locate similar hotel as had commitments scheduled  Totally ruined the weekend   VERY POOR for this type of hotel , I am looking at legal redress with agent I booked through Amoma",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or965-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent experience,"After reading various reviews on this hotel I was dubious, however it was excellent and would highly recommend this hotel. We booked it for the closeness to the palladium and shops, it did not disappoint. The interior is lovely, the room was spacious and warm and the bed so comfy. All the facilities you could want or need are here, we had a really speedy check in and all the staff were extremely friendly and helpful.  Will definitely book here again next time we visit.",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or965-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Service Lacking,First time staying at this hotel.  First impressions were great location and quirky.  We were upgraded to the Magistrates Suite which was nice.  The TV did not work in the bedroom and despite someone coming to the room it was never fixed.  Later that evening around 10pm we went to the bar for a drink and there was a family with a small toddler in the bar.  Personal choice I don't think it's appropriate for children to be in a bar.  Breakfast the next morning the staff were lacklustre to say the least.  I asked for milk for my coffee which never came so I had to use the cereal milk.  Staff didn't go out of their way to smile or say anything.  On checking out we mentioned about the TV in the room again and the man behind the desk just made a note.  No offer of anything for the…,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or970-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but overpriced," what we expected but not fantastic.  Great location and comfortable quite rooms.  Did not appreciate the feather pillows with allergies.  Agree with previous comments that the general maintenance needs attention.  The power point in the bathroom in our room 402 was missing the cover and had some cardboard - that looked like a cigarette box - shoved into the gap !  Not the sort of look you expect from a hotel charging these prices.  The sky terrace was interesting,  had the local mouse come for a visit the 2 times..... Definitely under renovation.  Not my first pick on the next visit to London but would defiantly consider other hotels in the same area.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or970-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing Stay,"Well, where do I start?  I booked this hotel for an overnight stay as we had also booked in for afternoon tea for a birthday and anniversary celebration.  For the cost of the hotel I was disappointed with it, definitely overpriced.  Checking In:   This was an adventure, we pre-booked and paid for this hotel through one of the online hotel booking sites.  When we checked in (and checked out) they tried to charge us for the room again.  They also took a £50 credit card payment on checking in ""just in case you purchase any extras"", something that I didn't know about prior to arrival then they apparently cancel the payment if you don't take the extras.  This may be normal practice in hotels, but not something that I've come across before and I'm still waiting for them to cancel the…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or970-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location to visit the city,Located near Regent street and right at Carnaby street this hotel is ideal to visit London as a tourist. Most famous venues are within walking distance. The staff is friendly and professional. The rooms are spacious for a London hotel and well cleaned. We stayed on the third floor and were very pleasantly surprised by the calm and quiet stay in the middle of a noisy city. The bed was comfortably big - more than enough storage space for clothes - nice flatscreen TV with a wide range of stations - clean bathroom. If they pay some more attention to details (maintenance) this rating would have been excellent instead of very good : a broken light which does not get replaced - shower screen a bit narrow causing the bathroom floor getting wet - power socket for shavers misses front…,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or970-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Worst service ever, beware of their overbooking policy","Booked 3 rooms for business purposes, hotel chosen for location. On the way to hotel at 11am, got a phone call to ask if 3 rooms could be merged into a room with a double and 2 singles.  This was not an option for work colleagues!! On arrival, the duty manager admitted the hotel was overbooked and offered alternative accommodation in South Kensington!! This again wasn't an option and would have involved 6 separate journeys back and forth that day, due to business meetings set up in the immediate area. Hotel staff couldn't have cared less, did not assist at all trying to get alternative hotel. This was booked direct and not through a booking website.   BEWARE OF THIS HOTEL AND THEIR OVERBOOKING POLICY!!!!   You could find yourself without a hotel room in central London and let me…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or970-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Facade but problems inside,I stayed at the Courthouse during a week when London was hosting both Fashion Week and the NHL in London.  Many other hotels were filled and I ended up at the Courthouse.  The hotel is in a great neighborhood and the exterior architecture is pretty.  The rest of the experience was middling.  Room needed to be renovated-bed was okay but carpet and fixtures were very beat up.  Gym is almost nonexistant-two treadmills and a few handweights.  Common spaces needed work.  Staff was nice but inefficient-took forever to check in.  Not an experience I would repeat.,Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or975-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not as expected!!,"We travel frequently to London and have stayed in several hotels and rented flats - this time we attempted to bump up the experience by staying in what appeared to be an excellent hotel in a great location. Well, the location was GREAT and we had reserved a ""Deluxe King Room"" and pre-paid for 7 nights - check out the hotel website photos - looks pretty good! We arrived at approximately 2pm (their advertised check-in time) and Check-in Fellow #1 (remember him) asked us to wait an additional 30 minutes so our room could be readied - 70 minutes later Check-in Fellow #1 presented us with a ""copy of our reservation print"" which stated we had an 8-night pre-paid reservation - hmm.. I had made a reservation for 7-nights... strange, but OK - so a little mix-up and a little delay.. let's…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or975-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","""Lovely Hotel""","This is a lovely hotel in a very central position for the Theatres , shops etc , even close enough to walk to Buckingham Palace down the mall . The staff were very friendly and helpful , the food is good .. It was ideal for us going to the Palladium , only next door but one , so close that we got to meet Michael Flatley at the stage door . The rooms were spacious but sadly we had scaffolding at our window ! And the only other complaint was the T.v didn't work .. My husband likes to see the news first thing in the morning! Apart from that it's a very nice hotel with lots of history in a great location . Would recommend and return to again one day .",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or975-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"I picked this hotel because it was really close to the office.  It's a really nice hotel.  The rooms are much larger than I had expected and it was located close to everything that you would want after a hard days work.  There were plenty of eateries and bars near by.  The only thing I didn't like about the hotel was that Flatley's Lord of the Dance is performed at the theater just next door.  From 7:30 to 9:30, you could hear music and dancing.  As long as jetlag isn't getting the best of you, it's not difficult to go out to dinner and return after the show is over.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or975-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very friendly staff in a gorgeous old hotel,This hotel is a grade II listed property. It's not all swanky new etc but it has great history and a great feel and enough luxury to feel gorgeous. What really struck me though was how kind and friendly and helpful all the staff were. Without exception everyone was so lovely. I will be recommending this hotel to friends and family!!! Thank you for making our weekend that much more special!!!,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or975-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"I went here for Champagne Afternoon Tea for Two with my friend as part of a trip to the Queens Galleries. Served in the Carnaby lounge\bar, it was a Carnaby Tea for Two rather than the traditional, so did not have table cloths etc.  The Staff were very friendly and helpful.  The waitress arrived with menus and took our choice of tea, asking if there were any sandwiches we did not like and offered an alternative.  Champagne was delivered promptly and although we waited a little while for the food it was worth it.  there was a selection of finger sandwiches, and a selection of cakes as well as a basket with warm mini scones which were covered with a napkin to keep warm.  They also served clotted cream and jam.  The waitress was very attentive and offered additional…",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or980-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",At least there is no doubt...,"I am only staying here because a colleague had already made his reservation. Will never stay here again despite the hotel's proximity to my office. Upon entering, the person at the front desk was dismissive as he was training a new employee. Came 1 hour before check-in and was told that my room was not ready. Understandable but infuriating when 3 other people check-in afterwards and each is on his/her way. Of course, the room is not ready by the 2:00p check-in time - but that seemed of little concern to those at the front desk.   Despite not having high expectations coming in, for 400 pounds per night, I assumed a decent quality of hotel. I was mistaken - the unflushed toilet when I first came into the room proved that.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or980-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing stay,"Arrived at hotel at 4pm gave my name at reception, the assistant then asked my first name and for a card. Only at this point did he look at our confirmation with my name on it. Whilst we were deciding which card to use he said he needed to speak to the manager. We waited for about 15 minutes and the manager appeared, saying there was an issue with the room and would we like a drink and to discuss this in the bar. We didn't want a drink just our room. She said that she did not have a room for us and that they had no spare rooms as it was London fashion week. We said that the assistant at the desk had appeared to find our name on the system and that we had paid in advance for the room and had already seen the payment had gone through on our card statement. She said she would have…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or980-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Central location, friendly staff, clean rooms","I have stayed here a couple of times for business reasons.  On the positive side it is a very centrally located hotel with decent value for money. As it is London, I suppose it is a fair price for a Hotel which is right next to Carnaby Street/Oxford Street. The rooms are clean, not really spacious but big enough to feel comfortable for a couple of hours before going to sleep. I once had a problem with a room which must have been occupied by a smoker before (not sure if they were allowed to) and cigarette buds laying around, but I got the room changed without any trouble (even got an upgrade). In general it has to be said, that the staff is friendly, professional and courteous without being overly intrusive.  The bar is also great and always worth a visit. As it is a former…",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or980-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Stayed a night here for my birthday with my boyfriend and was extremely disappointed. It was a shambles from the moment we turned up.   Was able to check in at 2pm, we arrived at 3.30pm to be told our room wasn't ready and they gave us a free drink at the bar (fair enough). After sitting in the bar for an hour!! My boyfriend went and asked them what was going on, they told us as we had to wait so long they would upgrade us to a better room, when we got to the room it wasn't an upgrade it was the room we had booked, and the bed was unmade with quilt etc on the floor! We was a bit shocked and had to go and find someone to see if they could sort it.   When we was finally settled in the room, my boyfriend said he had pre ordered strawberries dipped in chocolate for us to be in the…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or980-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dusty hotel in great location!,"The view of Liberty's amazing building is about the only saving grace of this towel, so be sure to ask for a front high room. The bedroom had clean sheets but otherwise there was a layer of dust on all furnishings including the lights. The curtains were falling off and dirty with no curtains in the bathroom. The toiletries were sparse and smelt of nothing, the cold tap ran hot water! When we asked if someone could have a look at this a member of staff was sent up in his builder work overalls who said we needed to turn the cold on the bath first. Not a lot of feel good factor going on here! There is s rooftop, but it seems to be a job In progress, ie no plants, cheap furniture, friendly staff but do not understand how to make basic drinks. Looks nothing like the pictures online.…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or985-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Wanted a good Hotel near to Oxford Circus, Carnaby Street, Regent Street etc and this came up trumps. Room and Bathroom were very nice, clean but with a view onto scaffolding and an adjoining office block but it was only for sleeping in as there is so much to see and do around. Breakfast was very good too and was included in our price. £165 was Very reasonable for the location.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or985-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for what we were looking for!,We stayed in this hotel as a last minute decision for a night out in London. We booked a classic double room. The hotel offers smoking or non-smoking rooms. When we arrived in the room there was actually a king size bed which was a lovely surprise.   The rooms and lobby were all clean and welcoming. Staff were very helpful and gave us tips about where to go that evening. Tea and coffe facilities were available in the room. We stayed at the back of the hotel which was quite quiet really for Central London.  The location makes it a great stay for anyone wanting to be in the centre of Soho.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or985-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A one star hotel pretending to be a five star,"If you are only expecting a one star hotel, this is fine.  But it offers itself as a five star, and charges accordingly.  Don't stay there.  I booked a ""magistrate suit""e and only got one room.  The staff were apologetic, but said that many people like me had complained about this, but management nonetheless continued to offer one room as a suite on their website, with a deceptive picture that makes it look like you get more than one room -- the definition of a hotel suite. This hotel has not figured out how make internet available to its guests.  They use cheap coffee.  They don't know how to make a cup of tea.    Some of the staff were very nice, but I think they are put in an impossible position by a management that is happy to mislead on its website.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or985-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location for West End/Soho,"The Courthouse Hotel is situated in a side road off Regent Street and diagonally opposite the department store Liberty's.  It is perfectly located to explore the West End (Soho/Piccadilly) and not too far from Covent Garden.  It is classed as a 5 star hotel and this is definitely reflected in the quality/quantity of furnishings in our room.  But it was not as impressive as other 5 star hotels we have stayed in.  On this occasion we were booked into a Standard Double (6ft bed) which was extremely well furnished.  As well as the writing desk there is a separate dressing table with make-up mirror and the room has plenty of wardrobe and storage space.  Tea/coffee facilities/ mini bar (soft drinks and snacks), safe, hairdryer and large flatscreen tv.  The completely marbled bathroom…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or985-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel,"Having read lots of negative reviews only after booking a night at this hotel we were quite worried about what we'd find...  We arrived late afternoon and planned on going out for a drink before our late dinner booked in the hotel's Silk restaurant.  We had such a great time with friendly service, delicious cocktails and really great surroundings on the roof terrace and then down in the Lounge Bar that we ended up just staying in the hotel.  The lounge bar was great fun, as well as an extensive and well made cocktail list it has side booths which are actually the old police holding cells  - with original beds and loos in situ as well as  pictures of famous people that have been held in them.  Dinner in Silk was amazing, dinner was delicious and so was the wine but the…",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or990-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",One of the best located hotels in London,"With Oxford Street behind, Regent Street to the right and Carnaby Street directly in front giving access to Soho this hotel must be right up there for London locations.  The hotel itself has its own unique piece of history - the bar still has the prison cells for you to sit in where Mick Jagger sat before going on trial.  The rooms vary, from some fairly large rooms, to some quite small.  The breakfast was excellent and the service from staff was very warm.  Would recommend this hotel to all - but it can get very pricey if not booked in advance!!!",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or990-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not Impressed-Afternoon Tea,"One of the worst afternoon teas I have had, maybe its because we had a late one, even though it was the only appointment left. sandwiches were stale, fillings were not impressive Processed turkey, and tastless cream cheese. and the cakes were old , the scones were just like biscuits and stale awful  awful .. tea was weak and warm.  one or two positives champagne was nice and staff were very nice",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or990-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable Stay !!!,"Had a wonderful time during our 2 weeks stay at Courthouse hotel in London. Besides being centrally located just off Oxford, the hotel has a lot to offer. The staff is very courteous with the concierge Mr. Ibrahim being extremely co-operative. Rooms are spacious and neat with competitively priced rates. Carnaby, Regent and Oxford streets surround this beautiful hotel and I recommend this hotel for travelers wishing to have a pleasant stay in London.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or990-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel booking not honoured,"I am writing this review to explain our experience recently at the Courthouse Hotel. We made the booking through Lastminute.com. It was Saturday night and we were attending a wedding reception in Soho. When we arrived, the lobby felt more like a hostel than a hotel to be honest, quite messy and noisy. We went to check in only to be told there were no rooms available. After ten minutes they had found us an alternative but it was miles away and of no use to us.  We have travelled considerably and found our experience here to be way below what the price per night reflects. I dont often feel the need to complain and have written a few glowing reveiws here in the past. But I felt compelled to write this and advise any fellow travellers that if they really have no choice to stay here,…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or990-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel,This has to be one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in.  The only thing it has going for it is the location.  Everything else is awful.  The breakfast is sub par.  The rooms dingy.  It lacks basic hygiene.  Don't be fooled by the public areas.  And don't be fooled by other reviews on this site that are about people coming for afternoon tea.  I stayed in the hotel.  It is awful.,Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or995-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Honestly don't waste ur money on there afternoon tea,My sister and I treated out mother to afternoon tea for her 60th..we really wish we hadn't I bothered.. We travel from Cambridge aswell. The food was disgusting I never ate a thing was embarrassing. I'm not sure how they have high ratings it honestly baffles me. I'm was so embarrassed that we had brought our mother here to celebrate her birthday and we ain't Nothing.  Don't waste ur money. The deal seems good afternoon tea and Thames cruise but well just don't go here unless they make dramatic changes I won't return and have warned other who I knew was going to book. ,Date of stay: March 2014,1.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or995-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea,"A very pleasant afternoon tea, sandwiches, cakes and scones all delicious. Staff very attentive and friendly, we were offered extra sandwiches and scones and as many pots of tea as we could drink. The champagne is a must, enjoyed the 90 minutes we spent at The Courthouse Hotel.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or995-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",unusual features,"Great location in central London. Converted old magistrates court. They maintained some of the original features such as the old cells  in the bar area which makes the place quite interesting to visit. Good hotel, slightly overpriced as compared to similar hotels I have stayed at in the area. If you can get a good deal through a booking agent its worth a visit.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or995-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"The hotel is very well located, right opposite Carnaby Street and just over the road from Liberty's. The majority of the reception staff and concierges were lovely but I had a lot of trouble understanding one of the receptionist's foreign accent.  Even when I rang down I couldn't understand what he was saying.  The colour scheme of the large reception area was a bit jumbled but that is just personal taste.  My aunt and I shared a twin bedded room which was of a good size and very clean but she was just a little disappointed that there was no walk in shower and that she had to try and step over the bath edge to use it and with 2 replacement hips this was not easy. The breakfast was adequate and the staff were charming.  My main gripe about this hotel is that there was no free…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or995-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very noisy hotel,"Very expensive hotel for what is offered. I was given upgrade which was at back of hotel, delivery vehicles early morning including emptying bottle bank into truck outside my window. Bed very hard and uncomfortable. £240 for the night, not worth half. Would not go to this hotel again. By the way you have to ask for a quiet room - ""because you are in London sir""   So don't ask for upgrade and make sure you-get a quiet room. For £240 you would think that was a given!!",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1000-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Recent Business Visit,"I have visited this hotel on a number of occasions and was particularly troubled with my latest visit  It was with obvious concern that I and a large number of patrons witnessed staff totally unprepared for a fire alarm activation. These staff were unable to manage or use the fire alarm system, unable to detect the location of the fire activation and what was most problematic - didnt know how to turn off the alarm (had to listen to it for an hour)  The other recurring theme from this hotel is that they are not able to get their wifi sorted. From my visits at check-in, they advise you that the wifi is being serviced.  Stayed May 2013, travelled on business",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1000-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"What a great location. Soho is such a vibrant area, pubs, cafes and eclectic shops and has more soul than the centre of town which is a 5 minute stroll to Oxford St. Our room on the 2nd floor overlooked the intersection of Marleborough and Carnaby St and although very busy our double glazed window kept out any noise below. Staff were all very friendly and helpful and our room was comfortable and clean with a good bed and linen.if staying in London I would recommend this hotel and would stay again",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1000-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",afternoon tea,"we went here for a champagne lunch, the hotel looked very nice and the food was excellent the service was very good , we stayed about an hour so not much to say about the rest of the hotel the outside was in a tree line road with lots of shops and bars by it so they would be lots to do .",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1000-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous location although over priced,"We had a one night stop over in London before travelling into the country and we had booked a show in West End, so the location was absolutely perfect.  The hotel was within walking distance of Buckinham Palace, Palace of Westminster and Trafalgar Square as well as being only a short walk from the theatres.  Upon arrival we were met by a porter who took our bags and brought us into the hotel.  The lobby was nicely furnished and the room was adequate although the bathroom was a little dirty.  We paid $535 for a Superior Room and we were informed at reception that we had been given an upgrade.  However, even though the room cost so much, we still had to pay for WiFi in the room which was a major sticking point.  All in all, a very convenient place to stay, with comfortable…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1000-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,"This is my third stay at the Courthouse and by far the worst.  You can't beat the location, as it is down the street from my office and in the middle of a bustling area.  The staff is great, but maintenance is highly lacking.  There were large stains all over the carpet.  As someone else noted, random couches are in the hallways.  The hook for the shower head was broken.  The shower sputtered water all over the bathroom and created a mini-flood each morning.  We were on the side facing an alley and there was trash clanging every night.  Also wired internet was available for a (high) cost.  When I called to ask about wifi, I was told that I would need to wait until Maintenance came in the next morning so they could bring a router to my room.    If I had found another hotel that…",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1005-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ideally Located For Most of London,"Nice hotel, and a great location for a London stay. When I stayed at this hotel there was some building work being carried out, disruption was however kept to a minimum. I upgraded to a suite which was extremely nice, very impressed with the building and thr shower was good. breakfast is small but well presented. The staff are helpful and friendly.  ",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1005-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, bad decision","When we initially found the hotel we were surprised by how centralised it was within London which for us was an added bonus.  We were 1hour 30 mins early for our check in and was really hoping to drop our bags off, luckily the receptionist handed us the keys and said our room was ready which was a great result. We were told that our room had been upgraded- extra result. Unfortunately as we went upstairs you could instantly see the faults, or should I say un expected surprises. The carpets were either frayed/ripped and also looked dirty, as we walked down the corridor we were excited to see our 'upgraded' room. The room was very brown and leather looking, once again inadequate carpets, a mini bar with a door that wouldn't shut properly, a chair with spikes poking out which i must…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1005-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Noisy,"If you are interested in shopping, this is in a wonderful area. The hotel, however was a disappointment. There were couches in the hallways which also were covered with sawdust. Our room faced the street and it was one of the worst nights of sleep I have had. The staff was friendly enough but some had such heavily accented English I couldn't understand them. Carnaby Street is right across the road from the hotel and the crowds late into the night were loud, followed by street cleaners and garbage pickup. I didn't need the wake up service to catch my flight. Wouldn't stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1005-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Very enjoyable stay,would visit again","We enjoyed a very nice stay at the courthouse hotel this past weekend,very quick check in as the room was ready early,very courteous staff, Room facilities were good aswell,enjoyed the bar area,very quirky with the jail cells converted into seating areas, All in all a very nice stay and would visit again",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1005-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great London location, excellent service","First time staying at the Courthouse Hotel.    Arrived late morning so well ahead of earliest checkin time however the receptionist was very friendly and upgraded us to a bigger room, with immediate access.  We also requested a couple of hours later checkout on the Sunday and that was granted without any issues   Room was a good size for London and we had a room at the back so protected from the noise on Great Marlborough Street.  Only downside and hence not a 5* was some visible signs of damp on the bathroom ceiling  Overall, found the staff very friendly and would certainly stay again",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1010-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Quality Hotel,"The Courthouse Hotel in in superb location for shopping, bars restaurants & theatres. Great hotel, very clean, superb staff. Good food in the hotels restaurant. Not over priced. Will be back, had a great time there.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1010-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, but a Luxury Hotel?",Great location. Roof top bar. Friendly staff. Nicely furnished.  Pool and steam room very nice.  But a luxury hotel shouldn't have issues like...  -burnt our bulbs -shower water that fluctuates in temperature -broken curtain holder -poorly working air conditioner -tough to open window -spotty in-room wireless internet...and with a daily fee!!  :( -broken shower plug  It's hard not to recognize many of these things when the room is serviced daily.    This could be a great hotel if these things are regularly addressed.,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1010-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",short break  in london,"Decided to take a short break in London  .I  looked  for a hotel in a good location and central to theatre land. This hotel was very well positioned, just of Regents Street and the entrance to the hotel is at the top of Carnaby Street ,The hotel was originally a magistrates court. In the bar area They still have 3 cells with the toilet in and where you can enjoy a quite drink and a light snack. The staff are really friendly and easily approachable.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1010-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",frustrating,"My company put me up in this hotel during a trip to London and my first impressions were straight away marked when I saw dust was on pictures the ceiling was marked with water damage and there was complete disorganisation at the reception. we went to book in and not one of the 3 staff smiled, they were rude, sarcastic and very unwelcoming, if it had been a choice I could have made I would have walked out there and then and gone some place else, unfortunately it was not my choice. Check in took a good half an hour if not longer and after sorting out the mess up with rooms we finally got to our own room, passing a glass table with a smashed corner and glass all over the floor we find the bed was a double not singles. we had been told they would split the beds but the maids turned…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1010-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Superb Location,"What a location, from that prospective, it's just perfect.  Once inside and the rooms, it is starting to look a little tired but with top price charges.  The room was clean, pleasant and the bed very comfortable.  We ate in the restaurant in the evening which can be best described as mediocre.  We went out in the evening and came back and had drinks in the bar which seemed to be a bit like an 80's throw back.  The staff were terribly friendly though and that makes up for a lot though.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1015-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",3 star hotel at 5 star prices,"Hard to disagree with much of what has been written before.  The location is great for sure but the hotel is WAY past its best and feels dated, worn and tired.  How on earth they can charge what they do is beyond me.  The staff were disinterested, the wifi didn't work, the lift dor took ages to close and the minibar was pitiful.  Still, did I tell you about the great location....",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1015-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good but not great,This is billed as 5 star but isnt  It could be very easily but lets itself down with grubby carpets cracked crockery and poor services in rooms eg cheap instant coffee  Just a little more attention to detail could make it truly great  Staff are fantastic and attentive and the breakfasts superb  Room was little noisy and A/C struggled to keep room at 24c,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1015-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location","I stayed in this hotel twice (once in March 2013 and this year 2014 in April). The only reason why I stayed again at this hotel is per my title, the location is unbeatable. Every shop that you would need are always walking distance , except for Harrods in Knightsbridge. Oxford circus is around the corner for tube, Carnaby area is full of late night eatery if you dont mind pub grub. further down to Soho for your foot massages if your feet tired from shopping. I did not spend time in the hotel at all so cannot rate on the restaurant or food. In this neighbourhood I wonder who would need to eat in the hotel they stay. The service is mediocre; so is the room cleaniness (but size okay for London standard). The wifi is so bad that only accessible in lobby (where I spend most of the…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1015-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Decent Hotel, great location !!","The best thing about the hotel is the location, right in the heart of the city with few steps away from the Oxford street on one side and SOHO on the other, this is an ideal spot if you want to mix your shopping experience with some cool night life.  The hotel itself isn't fantastic, not a 5* from any description. The rooms were decent size, modernised and overall very comfy. Given the proximity to the noisy neighbourhood, the room was pleasantly quite inside. Staff was nice and friendly which is always a bonus.  The breakfast spread was appalling, fruits looked stale, bread not so fresh and coffee was really bad. With a hotel trying to be a 5*, the breakfast was such a let down especially given the cost. If you planning to stay here then I'd suggest not taking the breakfast…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1015-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","If you are not fussy, it is the best choice for you","We were a group of 8 , travelled during May 2014. We have booked 3 rooms, and stayed for 3 nights.  The person welcomed us was the duty manager. Mustafa helped us alot , to get the rooms arranged since we required special requests for the accomodation. They offered to show us the rooms in advance to ensure that they are satisfactory.  The beds are extremely comfortable and large by the standard of Europe hotels. The rooms are spacious enough. Our own room was upgraded to a much larger room with a large couch. Though the room was opposite another room under refurbishement, hence you could see from the window many construction workers, this did not bother us and it did not get too noisy.  Everyone was helpful. though they are not the type of overly professional , they are friendly…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1020-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Very Good, but could be Great","Spent a long weekend at the end of May and really enjoyed it. The location can not be bettered, just off Carnaby St & Oxford Circus and not far to Piccadilly & Covent Garden.   The hotel itself was really good, our room was very spacious & fully equiped. The spa is small, but as it isn't claimed to be anything big, then it is more than adequate.   Individual staff service was good (especially at the bar), but the management of the staff should really have been better for such a hotel. Breakfast was good on variety, but cold eggs, beans, bacon etc means I have to say medium on quality.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1020-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great staff but expensive in shopping area!,No free WIFI in rooms.  This location is very central to shopping but very congested traffic area!  This room is expensive but is a premium location. Lobby with low uncomfortable furniture that sits low.,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1020-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea at the Courthouse hotel.,We had a very enjoyable afternoon tea at the Courthouse hotel. A nice selection of sandwiches and patries and we did not leave hungry. The champagne was also lovely. The staff could not have been nicer. It was disappointing that two people (possible hotel management) were having a lengthy and sometimes loud business meeting in addition to making phone calls and were not there for afternoon tea. This unfortunately affected the atmosphere.,Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1020-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Funky hotel, great location but still a little hard to find!","We stayed one night in this hotel during Whitsun week.  The location is amazing - a block from Oxford Circus tube.  The hotel itself is quite funky - the bar has ""jail cells"" with toilets as seats!  The rooms are very nice but just average size.  The service is good - and the single breakfast in the room was enough to feed 5!  The only downside is that it isn't easy to find - the entrance is very small within a row of shops without any obvious signs.  Neither the policeman nearby nor the shop staff two doors down could tell me where it was - they'd never heard of it!  There was a spa/pool but we didn't know about it so we didn't use it, but we will remember for next time as it is a great feature with kids and very unusual for downtown London.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1020-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing and not so amazing at the same time,"On first arriving both my partner and I walked right past it but we got there in the end. Upon arrival our room was lovely however the view wasn't we were basically looking at the side of the building, bonus was we heard no traffic. We ordered room service twice, and that was all good and the service was awesome, but reception wasn't helpful although the concierge when we left, even took our bags out and was super helpful offering the best advice to get to local tube stations. My opinion is that some of the staff are helpful and friendly, were some are not helpful at all, and made it seem like it was out of their way to help. Our mini bar wasn't restocked at all during our stay which it was supposed to be either.   The location was good and we were close to everything we wanted…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1025-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very good (but not quite 5*),"I stayed here in early April having had a good stay previously in Christmas of 2012. The location of the hotel could not be better if Oxford/Street, Soho and Picadilly Circus are where you want to be. Carnaby Street is right opposite, and although there's plenty of activity all day and most of the night, inside the hotel is quite quiet and I have not had a bad night's kip. The rooms are spacious with plenty of storage and mirrors and the beds are very comfy. The breakfast is of a good standard and has lots of choice both hot and cold. I found the staff to be pleasant and helpful. A really good selection of music in-room but no information on what time breakfast is served or when the pool is open. I had to ask someone. and for that reason I have not given it five stars.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1025-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great room, not so great customer service.","My mum and I chose this hotel for a night away in london. We arrived to a very polite doorman (shaved head glasses) who was the highlight of our stay. On entering the hotel there only seemed to be one receptionist available who was busy with other guests, while 4 concierge stood around not doing much. Receptionist informed us our room wasn't ready, and gave no details of our stay such as what time breakfast would be, the restaurants available in the hotel, checkout time, or pool opening times. We had to ask for all details as nothing was provided in the room either.  After doing some shopping we arrived back and our room still wasn't ready. We had a spa appointment so didn't get the chance to get ourselves ready beforehand which was frustrating.  The room was really nice, once…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1025-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in the heart of it all with a surprising history!,"This hotel blends in very well in the SoHo district. Very quaint. Top notch desk service but the concierge service was a bit 'off'. The rooms are great, the lobby is nice. The hotel bar is cool because the surprise is.........this used to be an actual courthouse and it has several used jail cells! Really neat place to have a drink and unwind.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1025-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Japanese Tea,"We really enjoyed this, it was a gift from a friend. Plum Wine was a good starter, followed by a very interesting box of goodies - especially liked the Vegetable Gyoza, Edamame Beans and Sweet Omelette coupled with a lovely Ginger and Lemongrass tea.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1025-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent hotel, lovely staff",Spent one night in the Courthouse - what a fascinating building and excellent location. The staff were helpful and courteous and we received an upgrade due to refurbishments. Would definitely recommend to others and will staying there again.,Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1030-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Just got back from an extended weekend staying at the Courthouse. The hotel is in an excellent location and found it better placed than previous stays in Covent Garden. We got a great deal on this hotel so it cost about the same as a travelodge so we believe this was a great hotel at this price. This is a not a 5 star hotel but more 4 star. The hotel need to give the the carpets a good clean both in the hallways and the bedrooms. The hotel felt clean apart from that. Our room was on the 6th floor and was a good size, only issue was the shower would not stay a constant temperture. I would agree with other reviews to say the hotel is a little tired on the whole. Reception staff were OK but not rushing to help or be polite. They cancelled our key card on the second day and the…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1030-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",short break,"My sister and I chose the Courthouse for a short break in London. We had to wait an age to get the key to the room, then found dust sheets all over the carpet in the corridor. The room was shabby, curtains didnt fit, couldn't plug kettle in near tea tray, room not cleaned on second day, only one pair of slippers provided, third day only one towel left took an hour for someone to bring more. Roof terrace closed. Breakfast wasn't very good. All in all very disappointed.  Advertised as luxury hotel. Far from it. The one good thing about the hotel is its location.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1030-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Right in the heart of London - Liberty and Carnaby Street across the road, friendly and helpful staff. The building restricts the layout (old Court House) and so it does not seem ""glistening 5*"" but the location overcomes that.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1030-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break,"This hotel is not 5 star. Indifferent reception. Room bordering on shabby, stained carpet stained chair,broken bathroom fittings, hairdryer had to be requested, Pat testing on kettle expired 2011 kettle lead not long enough. Location excellent. Needs a lot of tlc to bring up to 5 star as advertised on the web site.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1030-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Champagne Afternoon Tea,"I had booked a Virgin Experience Champagne Afternoon Tea at the Courthouse hotel.  Excellent value, received a lovely glass of Piper Heidseck champagne on arrival, our afternoon tea was lovely and we could of had more sandwiches, cakes and scones if we wanted, we were so full that we did not need to eat any more.  I would definitely recommend, we also had the hop on and off river cruise as part of our deal, which was also great.. Staff were attentive and friendly..",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1035-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Superb hotel, great location","My wife and I have just returned from a weekend stay at this hotel. We were with three other couples who booked together as part of a special occasion. The hotel was fantastic! It had fantastic service, with great amenities. The drinks were well priced as was the food and room service. The staff really went out of their way to make our stay a memorable occasion! WELL DONE COURTHOUSE HOTEL",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1035-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely uncomfortable beds,"I stayed at the courthouse hotel for 5 nights and not one of them was a restful night's sleep. The bed was so firm that I felt like I was sleeping on the ground. The hotel itself is nice and in a great location. The room was a little bigger than I had expected for a hotel in London (I stayed in a standard queen). The bathroom's shower was very odd, only half the shower was glassed in (but perhaps thats normal for european bathrooms). Wifi was extremely spotty and hardly ever worked. They charge 8 pounds for 4 hours of wired internet. The only positive was the hotel's bar. The staff there was great. This seemed more like a 2 or 3 star hotel.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1035-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea in a court house!!,"My son bought my wife and I afternonn tea at The Courthouse Hotel. This was an excellent choice. The staff could not have being more attentive. We were both very impressed with the service we received. A really lovely Afternoon tea I cannot recommend it highly enough, If you get the same level of treatment you will not be disappointed.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1035-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",excellent location but 2/3 star service,"My husband and I have just returned from a one night stay at the Courthouse Hotel. Although the location was superb, the staffs  attitude and general unhelpfulness, was only exacerbated by the exorbitant prices in the bar, lack of tea/coffee facilities in the room. A complete lack of atmosphere in every area of the hotel. No offer of a newspaper in the morning, and for one night at £275, we would never stay there again. After staying at the Savoy, and the Hoxton this one of the worst hotels we have ever stayed in,",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1035-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A disapointing Hotel in a superb location,"A very disappointing experience, looks are decieving! Very worn tired furniture, furnishings especially the carpet should just be burnt. The bed sagging and uncomfortable. A smell from the bathroom like no 5 star hotel should ever ever have in it anywhere - moldy sink and a floor drain that looked not unlike someone had thrown up in it not so long ago...lightbulbs blown etc etc Having read past reviews of this hotel afterward (note to self ""read tripadvisor"") and reading that the hotel is discribed as a ""learning"" hotel its pretty obvious no learning is going on... On the plus side it is a great location and the staff were friendly and helpful - definitley book somewhere else",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1040-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic stay in a great location,"Stayed here for one night over a warm weekend, and thoroughly enjoyed it. We were upgraded on arrival to a larger room, overlooking the main road and the beautiful front of Liberty's. Couldn't fault the room at all, bar the slightly noisy air conditioning. Lovely bathroom, great shower and facilities. Very comfortable bed and widescreen TV. Perfect location for restaurants in Soho and Mayfair, lots of pretty little bars and pubs in the side streets. We really enjoyed the large foyer bar area with comfortable sofas to have a night cap too, and bar prices very reasonable. Check in and out was easy with very polite receptionists. Would go back tomorrow!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1040-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Setting for a Beautiful Weekend,"Just spent a glorious weekend in London with a special friend and staying here was the perfect place to be! The room was incredible - spacious, well-decorated, clean and welcoming. Fantastic bathroom with a Jacuzzi bath....even though we didn't use it!! The room had everything you could wish for and the beds were huge and very, very comfy!! All the staff from the moment we checked in early were amazing - friendly, polite, helpful and made it a perfect start to our weekend. Great location too for exploring London - Carnaby Street opposite (but noise was not an issue) and within easy reach of Theatre Land and anywhere else you may want to visit! We didn't use the restaurants as we planned to eat out, but they did look amazing! The bar in the lobby was incredibly reasonably priced…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1040-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Japanese Tea at Silks,"We had been given our ‘Virgin Experience’, 'Japanese Afternoon Tea' for two at the Courthouse Hotel as a present. When you think of a Japanese afternoon tea you might reasonably expect some sort of tea ceremony served by costumed staff in a Japanese tea room with instruction in eastern ‘tea etiquette’.  Sadly the reality at the Courthouse was more ‘Yo Sushi’ with a pot of ‘teabag’ tea served by (albeit charming) eastern European waiters in an old court room decorated with a few random eastern artefacts. The setting is quirky being the old court room that once witnessed the trials of Oscar Wilde, Mick Jagger and John Lennon so that was interesting but hardly Japanese. The ‘tea’ itself but nothing special.  Overall disappointing.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1040-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Looking forward to coming back,"Great location of this hotel for theatre-land and West End. The entrance doors to the hotel open automatically, so no struggling with luggage through doors. The hotel had kindly upgraded us when we arrived. The hotel bar has a lot of character from being the Magistrates Court.  We were in room 459 which is a lovely spacious room, away from the lifts and was nice and quiet at the back of the hotel. We liked the size of the massive bed; the bathroom is clean and beautifully tiled; there are three options for showering/bathing - take a bath, fixed head shower, shower head with hose. The bathroom mirror in the window design is unusual and original. Bath robes and slippers are provided and also a decent hairdryer which was good. The bathroom toiletries are very nice.  Very efficient…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1040-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very Comfortable Stay,"I stayed at the Courthouse because of the position, which was excellent for where I needed to be. The 5th floor room was large, comfortable and well equipped, no view but that wasn't necessary. I could open the window which makes a change in the city. The aircon outside was quite noisy, but we preferred to have the window open. Spacious bathroom for London. Comp breakfast offered due to work on corridors, which wasn't an inconvenience. Only quibble, better lighting appreciated for makeup, and I had to ask for a hairdryer. Staff encountered were very pleasant and accommodating. I would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1045-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",What a great stay,"A really nice hotel. Very friendly staff and large rooms. Dressing gowns and slippers in our room which was lovely. Nice toiletries and large comfortable beds. The best thing was the location, really handy for shopping, theatre land and tube links. There are plenty of cafes and bars in the area so you won't go hungry or thirsty. Will definitely use again.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1045-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect weekend!,"Can't wait to return.  The location is incredible.  Regent Street is a 30-second walk away, Oxford Street one minute away and even theatre land is only 7 - 8 minutes away.  I took my mother-in-law to see Engelbert Humperdinck in concert at The Palladium last weekend and although the concert was cancelled on the day, we made the most of our stay.  The staff are fantastic and really make this hotel stand out.  We stayed in a twin room (502) which was really spacious and very clean.  We filled our plates at breakfast (twice I think!) so we didn't even need lunch!  The cappuccino was really good too.  Well done Courthouse.   You've got my vote!",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1045-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",nice central stay,"Just spent two nights here and thoroughly enjoyed the stay, room was quite large by London standards as was the bathroom. The room was at the rear so lovely and quiet, no noise from housekeeping either. Great location for central London. Staff in the bar very polite and the drinks the same as any where in town price wise. Would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1045-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"My sister and I had afternoon tea yesterday at The Courthouse Hotel, the service was first class the waitresses Apollama and Beata, could not have been more attentive, nothing was to much trouble for these two lovely ladies, we were seated and within a minute our champagne was offered to us, all through the afternoon tea experience we were asked if we required more sandwiches,scones cakes, tea. For my sister this was her 1st afternoon tea, and she was delighted, next time she is in London we will return. The Afternoon Tea itself was I thought great value for money, assortment of fresh sandwiches, no problem to change the filling, Thank you Beata and Apollama, the scones were warm, fresh cream, jam, yummy. The cake selection was  I thought very nice, a cake for everyone's taste,…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1045-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Company Break,This is a great hotel really quirky.  Great position for London Palladium and right opposite Liberty's. The breakfast was really good and the breakfast waiting staff the best we have experienced in a London hotel.  The bar is open until a reasonable time and has a great atmosphere we especially liked the mock cells.,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1050-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Really liked, already adived to friends and will be back!","Lets describe our first impressions regarding the hotel. First sight, hotel seems simple from outside, it was dark, 3 o'clock in the night when we arrived. Entered the hotel and was so upset thinking that hotel wasn't as good as in photos, but one kind man offered to support us carrying our luggage and we became so happy after this... Usually we travel with my husband 2-3 times in a year, but we have never met more kind, well behavied concierge as Jose(may be we write his name wrong). We really liked this hotel and we enjoyed our journey. Service was excellent, breakfast wasn't excellent, but not bad. We also liked room which was not as small as we used to see in London. Jose, thanks once more for keeping our luggages for 3 days when we were in Edinburgh. It was so kind from…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1050-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"This hotel is 1 minute from the Oxford circus and few minutes walk from the soho. the room is big for what you can find in London. the price is fair for London. and the stuff were nice and helpful. the hotel is little bit hide without any sign from outside and first time i passed it few times till i find it. at my second day they forgot to clean our room, so maybe its better to put the sticker to remind them. there is no chance for parking.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1050-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea,"We went here for the afternoon tea and had a lovely afternoon. Unlike some other places which may have another sitting of afternoon tea after you eat, we weren't rushed at all. The staff area friendly and service is smooth. The selection of teas isn't quite as extensive as other afternoon teas but they had all the usual suspects and favourites. The central location is great, easy to find and near Oxford Street for shopping before or after. Also, the place had a more relaxed and less snooty atmosphere that other afternoon teas at other hotels further west in London.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1050-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location location location,"I would definitly stay there again due to the location which is perfect.  The staff were very friendly and helpful.  The complementary tray was poor,  just four tea bags and a couple of sachets of coffee, everything else, including the drinking water was at cost!  The towels really need replacing as do the bath robes. No hairdryer or iron in our room either.  Please consider removing the terrible lights outside too, half of them dont work and have blown down, it really looks rather tired from the outside. These comments are meant to be constructive to help you improve what really is a nice hotel but one which lacks a bit of TLC.",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1050-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"The hotel has a great location, only one block from Regent Street where you can find all the shops and magazines, including the Apple Store. Carnaby Street, a pedestrian shopping and pub area is right in front of the hotel. Free wifi is offered in the lobby and it's very good. The breakfast has many options but I considered it quiet expensive, so I got what I wanted each day in a different coffee shop near by. This was my second stay in this hotel and I'll certainly stay again.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1055-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location","We had an overnight stay with breakfast. The room was spacious, but very dated (no hair dryer and towels have seen better days). Front of house staff were excellent, pleasant and helpful.  A bit of a rush when we arrived for breakfast, free tables but none cleared, quickly addressed by staff who were working hard to keep it all ticking over.  Hot breakfast tasted better than it looked, although after cutting 'fresh' bread I discovered it was frozen in the middle.  Excellent location and 'yes' would return.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1055-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Comfy and clean,"Very nice friendly and clean hotel with lovely food.  In a great location for oxford street and theatres.  Hubby had treated me for Xmas and it was in the perfect place for shops,bars and theatre.  Staff were friendly and room was ready few hours before check in.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1055-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant afternoon tea,"Having received a voucher at Xmas for a champagne afternoon tea we had to book over a month in advance due to the popularity at the weekend, so found ourselves there yesterday afternoon (a Sunday).  I have nothing to compare it with, but we very much enjoyed the champagne, sandwiches, cakes and scones.  On arrival we were told that we would be served egg maynonaise instead of nutello which was not available - thank goodness for that - as we do not consider nutello is in keeping with afternoon tea as a ""fine dining"" experience. I was a bit apprehensive as, unlike my husband, I don't have a sweet tooth but I found the cakes just right and exactly to my liking.  I am not a tea drinker so I opted for a white coffee, but wished I had asked for a cappuccino, as this was my only…",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1055-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",great location,The hotel is only 15 minutes from Kings Cross by tube.and only 15 minutes walk to theatre land.Unusual setting with small entrance can easily be missed.Rooms were lovely very clean and comfortable.we stayed room only as there are plenty of places to eat out including breakfast before 10am on Sundays.Staff helpful and polite would definitely recommend this hotel .,Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1055-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, average service","The location for this hotel is fantastic. Right in the middle of London, near all the shops with transport nearby. However, I was pretty unimpressed by the service we received from the receptionists; no smiles and quite rude. We also witnessed a disagreement which took place between the receptionists and some guests and again were quite dissapointed with their attitude. But the hotel itself and the location were great!",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1060-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Don't Bother Booking Here!,Arrived this morning for a very special weekend (sister running the marathon) only to be told they had a system error and couldn't accommodate us! We were shipped away in a taxi to another Hilton with supposedly upgraded room....on arrival we are overlooking a back street with scaffolding outside the room and the room is basic! Thankyou Hilton for ruining our weekend!,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1060-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay,"Nice hotel, brilliant location, good service and fantastic staff, would definitely recommend! Upgraded our room for free and sent up a Birthday Cake, which was a very kind gesture. All in all, a great stay!",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1060-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Japanese Tea in Silks,Very unusual setting for a lovely twist on afternoon tea.  The food was lovely and the service was excellent.  There was only one other couple in the room so very quiet.  Very enjoyable and would do it again.,Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1060-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Historic and central,"Very pleasant hotel in a fine, central location at the top of Carnaby St and close to the Underground.  Staff were warm and helpful and the room was clean and very suitable - even upgraded us for free. One slight grumble is the lack of information about the history - they should make more of it.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1060-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Afternoon Tea in style,"My wife received a voucher for Champagne Afternoon Tea at the Courthouse Hotel in London for one of her Mother's Day gifts. Fortunately, it included me too and so, whilst in London we booked our table this week. We had checked out the reviews of the hotel itself in advance and so knew that we were going to a very ""grand"" place for our treat.  Our expectations were high that this was going to be a fantastic treat. We were not, in any way disappointed. The ambience of the place reflected the history of the building's days as a real courthouse.  With pictures of appearances in the court by various celebrities (?) such as Mick Jagger lending a little status to the place, we were interested in reading the newsy tit-bits of their reasons for attending. The real purpose of our visit,…",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1065-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not a five star hotel,"Pros: the location is very good, just two minutes walk from Oxford St. tube station. Our double bedroom was more spacious than most in London.  Cons: the Courthouse should not be a five star hotel. Our room was very tired looking. The plug of the bath was broken, the shower head in need of replacing, the shaving mirror could not be used because the attachments were broken, the screen of the shower was too small and the bedroom itself had frayed cushions and a stained carpet. Add to this that the window overlooked what appeared to be an industrial sized ventilation system.  It would have been just ok for a business trip, but definitely not for a romantic city break. The previous guests must have been smoking in our no smoking room because the smell of cigarettes combined with the…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1065-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Would only use for business purposes,"Pro's: attentive staff, excellent location just off Oxford Circus tube station, comfortable beds, quiet rooms during the night.  Con's: not 5 star by far, worn interior, shower temperature not adaptable, breakfast buffet not up to standard, WIFI did not work at all in the rooms.   All-in-all I could only recommend this for short business stays, definitely not for couples or family stays.",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1065-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Much less than expected, but good location at the beggining of Carnaby street.","Went to London with my wife for a 4 day vacation, and we wanted a hotel in the centre so that we avoid the tube or cabs as much as possible. The hotel looked good from the pictures so we went for it. When coming the hotel certainly did not reflect a 5 star rating that was advertised, specially the entrance and the lobby .... The room was clean and not worn out much. The major complaint was the shower that seemed to be unable to have  warm water, either a frozen stream or a gayzer .... Internet is free only in the lobby of the hotel otherwise is 15 Pounds a day or 8 pounds for 4 hrs. we the vicinity of 100s of restaurants i would not advise to take breakfast in the hotel but you  will find a place of your liking in no more than a 5 min walk with bakeries, organic food places,…",Date of stay: March 2014,3.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1065-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Quirky,"Got off to a bad start by booking the wrong date by mistake on Lastminute. Tried to change the date. I was put through to Reservations who were unhelpful to the point of mild rudeness. I then asked for the General Manager who put everything right and couldn't have been more helpful. Rescued what could have been a bad review (It was, to be fair, my fault, but an honest mistake!). THe room was small but I have certainly had smaller and less pleasant rooms in 5* hotels. The price was good and the hotel itself was very nice. THe bar is wacky, and you can have a drink in one of the old cells in the courthouse. Interesting. I only ate breakfast which was OK but was principally a buffet. I am not terribly fond of breakfast buffets and I think a London 5* hotel should be able to do a…",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1065-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely rooms, great facilities, ace location, good price...","My girlfriend and I stayed at The Courthouse in early March 2014 as we were going to Benares for dinner and I was looking for somewhere nearby. I booked a Superior Queen, as on LastMinute it was only an extra £20 on top of the basic double room. And I think it was worth it - the room was a decent size, with a huge comfortable bed, a massive TV and a really nice bathroom suite.  I guess the main thing about the hotel is the location - it is perfect, about 5 minutes from Oxford Circus tube, right next to Regent Street and at the end of Carnaby Street. If you're going to the west end, it's spot on.  We didn't try out all the hotel facilities, but the main bar was lovely - great cocktails, really good service and well priced for a London hotel. All the reception areas of the hotel…",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1070-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Once Again,"I have traveled to London 3 times and I've stayed at the Courthouse Hotel They have always delivered what they promised. Great Stay, Friendly Service, Excellent location and an awesome time. The price was great- We stayed over for Valentine's day. It was lovely. They went beyond our expectations this time to make us happy. We will be back. Thumbs up to the whole staff (Specially front desk and our lovely housekeeping crew). We will be back.  Ronny C",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1070-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",All rise,"It is a feature of this hotel that they have preserved many features of its former use as a Magistrates Court. If you've been up before the beak for speeding (or worse) in the past it will give you the creeps. They even have the cells still as they were, as private areas in the bar. It aims for a fair amount of luxury, and up to a point succeeds, which it needs to because it is not cheap. Of the two restaurant I chose the fusion Asian restaurant (called silk or something like that). High quality pleasant service, and an amazing wine glass that I posted on Facebook, but there was too much fusion in the food. I chose Thai dish that was not really Thai. The breakfast was good. All the staff are very professional, helpful and attentive.  The location is very central, very close to…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1070-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very comfortable,"We stayed at the hotel for one night as we were celebrating my wife's 70th birthday. Our room was very comfortable and of a good size, with everything one wanted or could wish for.   I had told the hotel in advance that it was my wife's birthday: soon after we arrived, there was a knock at the door and she was given a bottle of wine, a large slice of excellent birthday cake, a fruit basket and water on the house. A very ind gesture and much appreciated.  The only (small) downside was that we found it difficult to adjust the shower! Otherwise, we had a most enjoyable stay, would come again and certainly recommend the hotel, which is of course very well situated - another bonus.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1070-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",velentines wkend,"Hello,,stayed at this hotel for valentines weekend,,,It was amazing had such a great time ,made so welcome the minute we arrived,,we booked to see dirty dancing at the Picadilly theatre the hotel is very close to all theatre,s also very close to Londons main attractions...the hotel as its own private cinema room that we booked it was very cosy we loved it,,,The only down fall to the hotel was the room service,,food great, service very good but the food was cold,,other than that all amazing the beds in the room are very nice you get a great night sleep..alan and keri hough ,,manchester",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1070-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",My home from home,"I visit London frequently and always stay at this hotel.  The area is fantastic and close to all attractions that London has to offer.  The hotel is very clean and modern with good sized rooms I couldn't fault it in any way.  The staff are friendly and attentive and willing to go that extra mile, I highly recommend this hotel when visiting London. I keep coming back as feel welcome and comfortable here.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1075-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",superb hotel and location,"highly recommend this hotel ,all first class ,great meeting facilities . check out liberty department store over the road ,amazing place and a part of british heritage .  really enjoyed the atmosphere in the bar in the evening",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1075-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",italian in london,i go often to london and every time i go to the Courthouse it's like i'm home….. people there are so polite and the hotel is so comfortable. the room is full of every comfort and the bed is amazing.it's like sleeping in your own bed. for sure i will go again and again.,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1075-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Highly Recommended,"We really enjoyed our time at the Courthouse. It has to be the best located hotel in London - central to everything! We had a lovely king room for around a week. It was spacious and nicely appointed, with a very comfortable bed. The staff were very friendly and also accommodating. Breakfast was good as well. The surprise bonus for the hotel is its interesting history as one of London's early courts and that is still evident in parts of the building - including little prison cells at the bar! Have read some other reviews which wasn't our experience at all. Couldn't recommend the Courthouse more highly.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1075-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","No ""spa"", just a pool (out of order) and sauna, hence no 5 star","Vsisted the weekend of 8 / 9th Feb ......... good location for theatres and shopping but overall disappointing, the pool was out of order, there isn't a jacuzzi in the ""spa"" only the sauna as mentioned in on line reviews On the plus side we had reason to complain and our complaint was dealt with promptly and to our satisfaction, however, I would not rate this as anything more than a 3+ star, certainly no where near other 5 stars we have stayed at in London",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1075-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday treat,"Nice hotel; centrally located. I booked a twin room; when we arrived the reception confirmed that the room had two beds. My mistake, it was my birthday, so the lady at reception checked and they gave me an upgrade to a superior room with a King bed, she was very nice about my mistake. The room was very spacious for central London. The reception sent a slice of cake saying happy birthday. I thought that was a nice touch. It was a last minute decision to stay in town and we hadn’t arranged any dinner plans for my birthday. The Concierge helped us in getting a dinner booking. We went to the bar before going out for dinner, the bar was very fun, and we sat in the old prison cells to have our drinks. We also saw the hotel has a cinema which people were going into, the Concierge said…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1080-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Just Great!,"Second time in this hotel. First time was business but now I returned with my family for a nice weekend London. Very friendly staff, nice, clean room but the location is magic. This is central London. Next time in London: Courthouse Hotel! Ok, one small thing, central London means expensive car parking but tube is around the corner :-) ",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1080-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking!,"Stayed here on the weekend.  EXTREMELY disappointed.  Had read poor reviews, but thought that some people may just be a little fussy.  How wrong I was.  Booked 3 rooms.  Rooms were not ready when we arrived, but they stored our suitcases until the rooms were ready.  We spent the day in London and arrived back at the hotel at about 4pm. When we arrived at our rooms - In room 1 the shower bracket was broken and did not hold the shower head, and half the door was missing.  We put up with this as we were on our way out for a meal before a show.  In room 2 there was no running water (which the hotel staff admitted they were aware of before they allocated the room). We were offered the use of the spa's shower(not really what you would expect when you book a room and then really…",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1080-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all cost,"Any hotel can ask for a pre-authorisation on your credit card; This hotel however immediately processes not only payment of the cost of your stay they also add £100 just in case. A couple next to me a reception did not get their £100 back, even though they did not use anything from the mini bar.  This is a fraudulent practice and they hide behind blank smiles and company policy when you confront them about this.  The hotel is certainly not 5 star.quality. The rooms are smallish, the bathrooms are small and poorly maintained. The only thing it has going for it is the location. If you stay more than 1 night choose another hotel in the vicinity.",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1080-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Average hotel, but great location","I could stay again just for the location. A lot of stores, galleries and restaurants within the walking distance. Clean and almost spacious rooms, good beds. Awful lobby and a gym to avoid. Breakfast ok.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1080-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Shopping, entertainment and a walking sightseeing at your doorstep from this very nice and friendly hotel.","Best possible  location in London for shopping, entertainment and sightseeing, very friendly and service minded staff and 5 star quality rooms, while common areas are more like 4 stars. Very popular restaurant which was fully booked upon our arrival. Make a reservation before. The concierge provided excellent advice and we had a very good dinner at an Italian restaurant on the same street 3 min away fr the hotel. Shopping on Oxford (Top Shop for teen agers), Regent (for all) and Jermyn (gents primarily) street is best between 10-12 on Saturdays before its too crowdy. Afternoon tea at Ritz or Fortnum & Masons, tweed at Cordings are classical stops. The very old department store Liberties is beautiful and has a very exotic atmosphere. Enjoy it.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1085-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Terribly poor service,"I stayed at the Courthouse for two nights. No warm welcoming at check in, the receptionist was quite demure. No explanation about services, internet, breakfast etc.   The room was okay. Apart from the long hair I found between the sheets and the towels.  Food (I ordered from in room dining) was decent. At best.   I asked for an adapter as I forgot to bring mine. Unfortunately the hotel does not provide adapters, so you better not forget them back home.   Wifi connection costs about 18 GBP a day. Mine did not work at all, it took me four hours to send an E-mail. At check out I asked the receptionist to take this amount off my bill - he said this was not possible. No word of excuse. Nothing.  Eventually he was not able to print an proper invoice. I wrote down my business address…",Date of stay: January 2014,2.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1085-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Superb Location, good value for money ratio","The hotel is placed in the most interesting part of the town - between Oxford Circus and Picadily Circus tube stations, so you can easily use red, blue and couple of other tube lines. Lots of bars restaurats around, so i really loved the location.  Staff is friendly and helpful, so that is nice. No free wifi and the rate for a day is high, so decided to use it only in lobby. Standart double rooms do not a have a good street view, so if you want it to be nice - take superior.  Did not like the style of the furniture inside, seems to be not the level of 5* hotel, but for 182 pounds a night it is fine for such a location.",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1085-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Even the staff say the service isn't 5 star!,"I recently attended a function at this hotel which is in a great location but the quality of service is dire. With the exception of a couple of excellent waiters, the attitude and general lack of courtesy and service here was quite shocking. There are far too many better choices in London. Even the porter when I left told me he thought their service was poor...",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1085-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Never ask them a thing,I'm not gonna wast touch of my time on that place! Superb building run and managed by the wrong peoples perhaps....... Furnitures quality..........0 Bedroom cleaning........0 Bathroom style.............0 Reception service........0 not even able to organise a taxi in London??? And what the story of always having a bloody truck in the front of the building??,Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1085-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, not so good staff","I'm not sure whether they actually have 5 stars or not, it doesn't say anywhere, but hotel is really nice, excellent location, with good breakfast. Comfortable beds, spacious rooms, pretty much everything what you might need from the hotel was ok. Internet connection is available, but highly priced, a bit of a shame.  We had series of problems, all of them related to the staff. Specifically, we had 4 rooms for 6 people, all specified by the reservation, who should have what room. Pretty much all of that was messed up during checkin, a man named Mustafa, who managed to completely mixed all of the rooms. Apparently he didn't even read the reservation, nor comments. Also ignored completely the fact that we wanted some rooms for smokers. That caused all sort of problems, we had…",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1090-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"The hotel was so close to the London Palladium - literally steps away on Great Marlborough Street - that we spent time looking for it as couldn't believe it would be so close! Carnaby Street, Oxford Street and masses of lovely coffe/cake houses, restaurants etc are on the doorstep so felt that this was an incredibly good location for what we needed this trip. Just round the corner from the tube.  On entering we were immediately greeted, quickly checked in and up to our room (415). The foyer was attractive but the signing for the rooms was not too good. My heart sank when I saw we were next to the lift but as we were only staying for one night decided it wouldn't matter. In fact we didn't hear any noise at all from the lift.  The rooms themselves are quite compact but in London…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1090-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",very convenient place to stay,"I stayed in this hotel for 3 days. Hotel itself is an above average hotel (not outstanding!) but the location is great. Very close to metro, and shopping area. Also very safe in the evening. I stayed in a deluxe room, rooms do not have a view (unless you stay in a suit) and are not quite big but if you're looking for a hotel with perfect location, there you are.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1090-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",3 star not 5 star,"I had booked expecting a 5 star hotel, but I was very disappointed. The staff were generally rude, not attentive and arrogant, and seemed to be happy to ignore guests (except in the breakfast room, where they were pretty good), there was no offer to help with my luggage on arrival or departure. The room seemed fairly clean, except from the bathroom, where the surround around the basin needed a real good scrub to remove the stains from previous guests, and the carpet under the desk which was in desperate need of replacement / repair.  The breakfast selection of hot food was pretty poor, with the bacon and sausage sitting in there own fat and the scrambled eggs were disgusting (they didn't even look right). I ordered the ""traditional roast beef"" from room service, when it turned…",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1090-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The Perfect Location,"This hotel is perfectly located for shopping (although I hate shopping) and the shows and, of course, great restaurants.  On arrival, however, the location gave me initial concerns as to the possible noise levels and disturbed sleep that might ensue, being so close to bars/theatres but, thankfully, my fears were unfounded and this simply was not the case.  We had a front of hotel suite overlooking Liberty's and Carnaby Street and lit up like a Christmas tree but once ensconced in the comfortable and roomy bedroom, curtains drawn, we were not disturbed by neither light nor noise levels from the streets and bars below.  The sound proofing is excellent. The hotel has been converted from a former Magistrates Court and much to their credit, they have retained a lot of the character…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1090-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"My family and I have been visiting this hotel for 6 years, and have just spent a much anticipated long weekend at  the Courthouse, where the service, cleanliness and general hospitality has always been exceptional and made a real difference to our experience. I cannot describe therefore how thoroughly disappointed i am with my most recent visit. Some things have not changed, breakfast room staff helpful and friendly, everything else has from the absolutely dire approach to housekeeping to the lack of care and general courtesy of the bar staff. Every day I called housekeeping because they had not provided the basics, coffee, milk or towels being the general theme, dressing gowns threadbare, my 8 year old nephew makes the bed better, removal of hand towels and none replaced, in…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1095-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great place wow location,Really enjoyed our two nighter here...great service from the staff...location is the big one however right opposite carnaby street yet quiet and chilled.  What was left for Breakfast at 10am was a little Patchy and it could be improved on. Went for room service on second morning and it was fab.  My only gripe was the room service lady opening the door and walking in at 9.15am on our last morning...not great really!  All in all a great stay,Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1095-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",unique and great quality,A very different hotel with three 'cells' in the bar. Good rooms of a good size in a terrific location within walking distance of most of the main attractions. Carnaby Street is right opposite this hotel,Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1095-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"A really lovely hotel.  The rooms are great, the food is good and the staff are very helpful.  The location is also excellent, just at the back of the Palladium.  All good, especially the cocktails.  Being a woman, i love comfort and a good nights rest - i got both....yea!!!",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1095-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, overpriced and overhyped.","Despite the phenomenal location and attractive exterior, this hotel proved to be lacklustre, dated and devoid of the professional levels of customer service one would expect for the high price.   The problems with our one night stay included:  Administrative errors resulting in not only a lack of twin room available for us despite our early check-in but also being accosted whilst we ate our breakfast by a receptionist declaring loudly that our breakfasts had not been paid for (they had, she was wrong).  Faulty plumbing in our room meaning that our bath would not drain, a series of men traipsing in and out of our room attempting to fix it whilst we were getting ready to go out, none of those men knowing what the other men had done, no-one offering us a room transfer, people…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1095-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location and great service,"What a great location this fab hotel has... just minutes from Soho, Oxford Street, Regent Street and Carnaby Street and with Oxford Circus tube station close by.  Brilliant service, big room, nice king size bed. Breakfast was quite expensive so I only had the continental one, but it was lovely. The breakfast room is though cold and impersonal, but service was good.  The only down-side is that there was no sign on the hotel at all, and since my booking was for Courthouse Double Tree Hilton Hotel, I actually stood in front of the hotel for a few minutes trying to find out where I was. Luckily the doorman of the hotel approached me and swiftly guided me through the front door and held my luggage.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1100-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",London Weekend,We stayed at this hotel expecting 5* luxury but we were sadly disappointed.  The hotel was chosen due to its location which was good but that is pretty much as good as it got albeit the be was very comfortable and we were supplied with anti-allergy pillows on request.  The room was rather small and when it was serviced it was only a half hearted effort as you can see from the pictures.  There was a missing shelf in the bathroom which I know isn't much but for the room price I would expect everything to be there! I enjoyed a fantastic weekend in London with my girlfriend but this hotel was a bit of a let down.  On leaving the duty manageress was very apologetic which was well received but I would not stay at the hotel again or recommend it to anyone either.,Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1100-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Certainly not 5 star,"I wanted to treat my parents to a luxury week - end in London, I travelled with them - although nice enough this is FAR from a 5 star hotel. The former courthouse features are fun but make the restaurants, especially the one in which breakfast is served, cold and impersonal - that restaurant in particular was cold, as was my coffee and the breakfast, close to £25 a person for a buffet, was grossly over priced. The rooms are basic although fine but 'luxury' is not a phrase I would use for any part of our experience. If I got a really good deal on line I would go - the location is wonderful - otherwise I shall stay elsewhere in future.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1100-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Calm, comfortable and friendly right on the spot at Carnaby Street","Are you looking for a pleasant, lovely hotel to stay in right smack in the middle of everything in London, whether on business or for pleasure and shopping, look no further. The Courthouse Hotel is charming, clean and comfortable, two steps from the bustling Regent and Carnaby Street with all the shops and restaurants you can wish for.  The twin room was well equipped and very silent, the beds are of good quality and comfortable which made me sleep very well all nights. You really need to use the alarm clock to wake up in the morning even if you are a light sleeper.   The lobby has a nice, homey feeling with lots of soft sofas to lounge in for hours while working or just relaxing and the bar was just three steps away if you needed any refreshments after a hard day on Oxford…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1100-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",good hotel.............very expensive,"The hotel was lovely, but the continental breakfast not worth £19 and £11.20 for a drink was very expensive it's no wonder the bar was mostly empty. We would have loved to have had a drink there.  I was celebrating my 50th birthday and the location of the hotel was perfect for what we needed.  The other thing that was really good was we were able to leave our case there all day as our train wasn't until 3.30pm excellent",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1100-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",CHAMPAGNE TEA-2 FOR 1,"A birthday present from my wife. A Virgin Experience 2 for 1 offer. Afternoon Tea with a glass of Champagne. We have had several afternoon teas over the past few years. The best being The Ritz at Christmas time.  We were greeted at the door with a lovely welcoming smile and shown into the dining room which we  were to share with just one other couple. Our waiter, Tomas, was equally as friendly and explained what we were entitled to have through our voucher which turned out to be the Chocolate afternoon Tea with a glass of Champagne. There was a good choice of teas and we had no problem finding one to suit our respective tastes. Our nibbles consisted of four finger sandwiches- salmon, turkey, cucumber and oddly, Nutella which didn't work at all. There were two scones, fruit and…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1105-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend break in London,"There is nothing negative I could say about this hotel. The staff were incredibly friendly, the food and drinks were great and in no way too expensive for London, but if you are after a prime location in London, then you cannot get better than this hotel. 50 metres from Carnaby Street..Need I say more.   All in, we will definitely be going back to the Courthouse, where the weekend break was perfect.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1105-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Stayed two nights with another four couples we meet up with every couple of years.  We usually go for very posh upmarket country house hotels but the consensus was London this time.  Very well located for Oxford Street, Regent Street, Picadilly, Soho and West End theatres.  Double room very large, well equipped, bathrobes, slippers and all mod cons.  Very comfortable bed, excellent service, wifi all in the price.  Large well furnished reception and bar area and as good as any hotel in Europe. We got a very special price through a friend of the owners, but their normal price a tad top end and even for a London hotel bar prices a bit steep.  Buffet breakast very good, but no better than many less expensive hotels.  Overall, couldn't fault it, but probably a bit pricey for anything…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1105-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel but would question the 4 star status,"I stayed here for one night recently for my husband's birthday.  Our initial impression is that the hotel is well presented and modern.  However, we found the staff to lack people skills.  Our check in was slow with the receptionist seeming to be checking us in and dealing with another query at the same time.  The night staff were even worse.  We went out for the evening and came back to a locked door.  We pressed the bell as instructed to get the night porters attention but no one came, another couple turned up not long after us and they too tried.  It took the night staff 10 minutes to open the door to us.  Wasn't overly impressed.  The room itself was nice though, though I would question as to whether it's really a 5 star.  It lacked that extra something that pushes it beyond…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1105-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Not 5*, but decent location","I booked this hotel thru Hotwire and expected more for what was advertised.  The hotel has no branding on the outside, nor a bellman to help carry my luggage up the stairs.  The lobby is shabby and nothing special.  My room was small, the carpet seemed dirty.  I expected much better for a Hilton.  The heater made a constant humming noise which kept me awake.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1105-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Small room, comfortable bed","The room I purchased on hotwire was a small room, king bed.  While the large TV etc in the room was nice, there was too much furniture in the room and hard to get around.  While it appears to have been a no smoking room, the pillows and bedding smelled of smoke, something I only noticed once I was trying to get some sleep.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1110-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5-star hotel,"Hotel was described as a 5-star hotel and part of the Hilton chain. We expected the same as from the other Hilton hotel where we have been staying before. Definitely wasn't worth of 5-star hotel. Location is very good, but the hotel itself not. Basic room with nothing special inside. No kind of view, just the wall of the other building. Breakfast very poor, couldn't expect such a breakfast from 5-star hotel. They even charged if you choose warm dishes. I wouldn't recommend. Not worth the price.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1110-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not as advertised - horrible service - there is no way is this a 5* hotel,"I have traveled to London dozens of times in the past 20 years, both for business and pleasure.  I have stayed in many of the nice 5* hotels in London - including the Four Seasons, the Intercontinental, the Lanesborough, Claridges, The Dorchester, and several others.  I have always found London's 5-star hotels to be wonderful, elegant, and to have fantastic service.  Several weeks ago I was planning to stay in London for only one night, and thought I would try the Courthouse, as it was listed on TripAdvisor and Expedia as a 5* hotel, and I thought I'd discover something new.  I arrived at the Courtyard with only about 90 minutes before a dinner meeting.  I planned to freshen up quickly and head out to my meeting.  Imagine my astonishment when I walked into the hotel to check-in,…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1110-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne and private cinema viewing,"This evening my husband and I went to the Courthouse Hotel for champagne cocktails and a private cinema viewing.  We had a fabulous time.  The staff are friendly and courteous, the surroundings plush and location just behind Oxford Street has a real buzz.  It was our 25th wedding anniversary and we drank champagne sitting in one of the cells occupied by John Lennon while he was awaiting trail.  The original court house was the scene of some famous trials - the most famous being that of Oscar Wilde.  The court room itself is now a restaurant.    The cinema has approx 150 seats but it was probably only half full.  We would special offer tickets from Lastminute.com for about £33.00 for two (which includes the champagne).  Thoroughly recommend it if you like classic films and…",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1110-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not As Described,"The hotel was on the first day of ""we're not a Hilton anymore"".  Hilton's sigh of relief was almost audible. Sold as a 5* by Expedia on an unnamed hotel until you book basis - if this is 5*, by comparison there are hotels in London with their own galaxies! Air con not working; shower not a shower but an over the bath version; shower tap fell off into the bath; £15 per day for wi-fi that did not work (refunded when I complained); small, cramped breakfast room with equally small choice. Everything said ""struggling"". Never had a problem with Secret Hotels on LastMinute - will never used the Expedia equivalent again.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1110-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, some room for improvement",Housekeeping wasn't five star - wine glasses and rubbish left out everyday  Breakfast was completely average and the French baker next door is much better atmosphere and value  The location is fabulous and the bar area real fun on a Friday night,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1115-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The best!!,"This hotel has the best Location in London. Next to the Regent st., Oxford st. and on carnaby st. The rooms are nice. The Stuff is very friendly and helpful. very recommended!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1115-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good place to stay,"This is a lovely Hotel but if you haven't got much money then its not for you, you need a fair wad of money if you have a meal or drink. the location for virtually all aspects of visiting the most popular places in London is very good",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1115-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",location and the people!,"I had a two night stay at the hotel in late September- so here's simple list of the plusses and minuses.  The Plusses: I. Location! The property is a minute's walk to Regent street, and a 10 minute walk to Oxford Circle-with the theatre district also right there, as well tons of restaurants and bars. If you're doing London the first time this place is great as you're in the thick of the action, without having to take the underground anywhere 2. Staff: The staff checked us into our rooms even though we were there very early in the morning. They also upgraded us as the second room wasn't ready. The concierge got us tickets for a show that was sold out, organized taxis  at 4 am for the trip back to the airport. The staff at breakfast was polite and efficient. 3. Room: The rooms are…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1115-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant location for a first time visitor,"This hotel is brilliantly located for a tourist within walking distance to Oxford and Regent st shopping, Oxford Circle station, a multitude of bus lines, the theatre district, Carnaby St and more. Obviously with such assets pricing is commensurate. The street frontage is minimal - blink and you'll miss it, and there is no grand foyer or waiting staff to assist with bags. There are front stairs to negotiate so I suspect  it unsuitable for wheelchairs o seriously stair challenged. The location negotiates any downfalls for me which include some communication challenges with desk staff, lights which have failed in the room and one night with neighbours intent on not sleeping. Bed and bathroom fine. I'd stay again for the convenience.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1115-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",London break,"Just had 2night stay at this hotel. Not stayed there before, but will do again. Very central to shops, theatres, etc. welcoming staff and friendly. Very clean. We didn't eat there so couldn't comment about food. I requested a bottle of champagne for our arrival and 5 mins after we got to our room it arrived. So couldn't fault them.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1120-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous Champagne Afternoon Tea For Two,I was very apprehensive about attending having read some of the reviews but can very happily say the champagne afternoon tea we had today was fabulous! Champagne was handed upon sitting day and given a menu with tea options. Had several visits asking if we would like a top up of hot beverages by lovely polite staff.  Afternoon tea itself was really pleasing and attractive. I don't eat meat but this was no problem they adapted the sandwiches to my dietary request. Only down side was we has three slim finger sandwiches each. However we had so many cakes and scones between us and plenty of jam and cream. We purchased the champagne afternoon tea via Virgin and feel  it was great value for money. It is in a good location so if you wish to go on shopping after it's right on your…,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1120-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location,"We stayed in this hotel with my wife for three days. If you want to be near to the shopping area with all fancy brands, this is the hotel you need to stay. Few minutes walk to metro station. If you do not have too much luggage, you can use Heathrow express and then underground to reach the hotel. The staff was really helpful and welcoming. Hotel was clean in general. We didn't eat at the hotel so no comment about the food. One warning: If you would like to do ironing in your room, you need to be careful about the iron. It costed us a pant. ",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1120-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Blood stained pillows,"Pillow cases did not fit pillows,  That is why I noticed the pillows were very dirty.  One stain looked like dried blood.  I did not go looking for this!  Apart from that, hotel was fine.  Would not stay here again though as put off",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1120-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great position,"Ideally positioned for shopping and sightseeing. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The accommodation is good, large bedrooms and very comfortable beds. There is also a good spa available. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1120-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Couples honeymoon,"Very good hotel - expensive but in keeping with London price inflation. Service was exceptional. The lobby was lovely. The room was nice for the price though the tv services were not working. I find it though pathetic in our modern day and age that we have to pay for internet access, especially in a hotels of such prestige and pricing",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1125-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel in great location,"Awesome location just opposite Carnaby St, 3min walk to Oxford Circus station, and ten minute walk to Westend. Very big and comfortable room for London accommodation the bed was amazing! Would stay there again for sure.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1125-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",No wifi in public areas,Despite a good review on woffee.com (free wifi in London website) there is non existant wifi in the public areas of this hotel. I arranged a lunch meeting here because of it's central location and alleged free wifi. Lunch in the Carnaby Brasserie was good and reasonably priced for a central London hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful offering gluten free options. The public areas offered peace and calm just steps away from the madness of Oxford Street. I would go again for the peace and quiet but not to try and have a meeting requiring wifi. However be warned two cups of coffee in Silks was nearly 9 gbp - nice biscuits which we didn't order and as one of us was coeliac it was a costly quick coffee before we left!,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1125-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Unbeatable location, fair hotel","A decent hotel in a great location where I stayed for 1 night on a business trip. This is on Gt. Marlborough St which is ideal for Soho, Oxford St and the West End in general. Room was compact but comfortable with a good bed and bathroom. Didn't use the restaurant so can't comment and would use again as i work nearby.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1125-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location,"Ideal location within a few steps of Oxford Street and Regent Street.  Excellent access to the Underground.  Within walking distance of Soho, Piccadilly Circus, theatres and many other attractions.  The warm cookie upon check-in was a nice touch.  Good breakfast with attentive service.  Clean quiet room.  Many plus points - the only minus point was that the hand wash basin in the bathroom was cracked; they should replace it.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1125-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location is king,It is difficult to find a better location than this. Only one block from Oxford Street and very close to Oxford Circus with tube and busses. An unusual hotel built in an old courthouse where the three waiting-cells are included as chambres separee in the bar. Funny with toilets and built-in-beds intact. Only negative experience was the cooler/heater-system in our room. It was impossible to get it cooler than 26 degrees celsius.,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1130-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing location,We stayed here recently for a family get together. The location is simply amazing. The staff at reception were really friendly and the cookies were gorgeous. The rooms were a fair size for central London and the beds were comfy. The bar was quirky and the cocktails were good but the staff had a tendency to jump on your glass as soon as you placed it down. The residents bar also closed very early and did not open again the next day (Sunday we left at 12 and it was still closed).,Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1130-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Final holiday stopover,"Very disappointing. Arrived to find that our requested (and booked) upgrade had not happened. Night manager very defensive of himself and blamed everybody else. Having finally got a room to the spec originally requested the remote control for the tv did not work, a small detail but after check in hassle, just another point of detriment. Despite requesting batteries on both nights we stayed, the control was still inoperative when we left. A lot of money for a very average experience. We would certainly not reurn.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1130-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"My husband and I had a one night stay in this hotel.  First impressions were good, easy check in and nice lobby area.  We asked for a quiet room and got one.  No view but no noise either.  Room was small and clean but not sparkling, the carpet didn't look very nice so the free slippers were used at all times.  The bathroom was okay with citrus Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries but I think the whole place could do with some tlc.  Apparently from September it's no longer going to be Hilton owned which could be why standards aren't so high.  We enjoyed drinks in the bar which were lovely (pricey though) but didn't do breakfast as there are always better options than overpriced hotel breakfasts  (Balans Old Compton Street, fab).",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1130-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - very comfortable!,"We stayed for one night and I wish it had been longer! We were greeted at check in with warm chocolate cookies, which I felt was a nice touch.  The room was very clean and a good size, given that a lot of London hotels have small rooms.  The bed was huge and incredibly comfortable. The room was well air conditioned and I liked having tea and coffee making facilities.  The shower had good water pressure and we weren't disturbed by any noise from other guests. Breakfast was a very good selection of continental and hot options.  I liked the fact it was a buffet, but you could order specific dishes if you wished. We found the service to be very good - welcoming, polite and very helpful.  The location was also very good - close to Oxford Circus tube, but most things were within easy…",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1130-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, comfortable hotel","Great hotel in a very good location. The only disappointment was no onsite parking, I had to use an expensive NCP around the corner which charged £36 per 24 hours. Check-in was/out was very quick and the staff were very pleasant and helpful. Would definately stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1135-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Doubletree Courthouse Regent Tree - Excellent!,"Excellent Hotel, Excellent location, excellent facilities excellent service from all the hotel staff.  I cannot recommend this hotel enough, stayed here on numerous occasions and have never been dissapointed",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1135-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Worst service ever!,My room had been emptied of my belongings before I had checked out. No real apology and a very poor room: had booked queen sized suite and ended up with a double next to the floor elevators.....and not at any cheap rate!,Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1135-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The nicest people,"The staff in the Courthouse Doubletree, are simply the nicest, and most helpfull i've ever experienced  No doubt, we will choose this hotel again, the next time we visit London  The breakfast buffet was the most delicius i have ever had, and i live in hotels about 250 days a year, because of my job",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1135-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Present for someone else but only half wanted !,Not a bad offer but not as good as the Royal Academy afternoon tea. I went with my daughter. The tea and scones was a bit small and hidden in napkins.The ambience was not as good either. Don't want to be derogatory but was not impressed,Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1135-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful lit up exterior at night,"Stayed here for 4 nights , at check in the girl was so friendly & nice, we were told we were given an upgrade. Giant choc chip cookie was delicious on arrival.  When we entered our room 617 we were so surprised , it was beautiful, it was huge,  it had a big king size bed, a very large comfortable sofa, large tv, mini fridge, tea & coffee making facilities, air conditioner, separate study/ computer room, with large cupboard & safe. Very large modern marble bathroom , with bidet & spa bath & all beautiful toiletries, even conditioner.  We called our room our mini penthouse suite. It was wonderful.  The hotel has a breakfast room , a pool, but we did not use it, the lobby is large & has comfortable sofas , free wifi in lobby, but a charge to use in room. We were happy to sit in the…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1140-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Average afternoon tea....,We brought a Virgin experience day voucher that got us champagne afternoon tea here. The staff were friendly and the food was edible but I definitely would not have paid full price for afternoon tea there. Buy the virgin experience day voucher and save!! ,Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1140-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Will not be back,"Hotel itself is ok. Room just ok.  All up the place is fine as long as you dont need any attention for any reason. The main problem with our stay was the poor service, and when you did find a staff member who seemed to want to help you, they didn't seem able to help, or understand what you were talking about.  Had booked and paid for 2 nights, we left after the first night.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1140-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",spa day at courthouse doubletree,"i had a lovely spa treatment by a wonderful lady, very respectful and well mannered.  i felt very comfortable. i will say that the gowns they give us could be bigger, the largest dressing gown didnt quite cover everything so if your over a size 16 be prepared to show off a bit of flesh or wear a swimming costume.  all the staff were very helpful and couldnt do enough for me...... had an excellent time..... if it wasnt for the travelling i would come again.  ",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1140-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location is the only thing,"The hotel seems very nice from outside and the overal apperance is not so bad.  Location is the best part of the hotel.  Service is poor and overal experience is very poor as well.  No proper internet, bad room service, after 22 only 1 person in the lobby trying to manage your questions, not as clean as the hotel should be.",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1140-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A good stay marred by a simple bedding problem,We choose this hotel for its location and because we had stayed there before when it was a Kempinsky hotel.   The standards have slipped a little since the Kempinsky days but its still a good hotel and it is well located for the shopper in you. The staff were universally helpful and friendly and the service was good with one simple exception. That was a problem we had with the bedding - the bed cover was smaller than the bed and when we asked for something larger we were told there was a linen problem. This was fixed by the maid the next day and the hotel offered us a meal in compensation. But this is a pretty basic issue for a five star hotel. I emailed the manager post trip and received a very full explanation of the problem and sincere apologies. I get the sense that this…,Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1145-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Looked forward to afternoon tea with my husband and daughter, what a disappointment. Poor service, sandwiches were dry and fillings boring and the pastries were truly awful. Waste of money, wish we had arranged afternoon tea at the Doubletree in Westminster where we were staying.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1145-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Enjoyed a pleasant evening in this hotel for one night in London. Room was well appointed, we had a king room. Very comfortable bed, though the linen was a little tired, same for the bath towels. Pool in the basement is a little unique as there is no natural light it is like swimming in a cave. Tries hard with the very limited space. Drinks were very expensive and so is breakfast so eat and rink out. Quirky bar as this is set in an old court house you can have a drink in a cell.  Get a room on the upper floors towards the rear of the building. It is London, so don't expect a view. Excellent location for Carnaby Street, Oxford Street, Regent Street and Soho.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1145-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location!","It's just opposite Liberty's, 5 mins from Oxford Street or China town!  Was once up-graded to a Magistrate's suite on the front of the hotel .... But it was very noisy with all the people piling out of the soho pubs, and then morning deliveries to Liberty! Rooms toward the back give a better nights sleep. Skip the breakfast - it's in part of the original court which is tiled, cold and a little bit depressing. There's a good restaurant next door on the right  serving breakfast,  and a table du pain restaurant on the left also serving breakfast. There's a private cinema showing old films on a Saturday night, and a nice pool in the cellar. Towels are a bit threadbare ... But its location wins hands down!!!",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1145-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty carpets in 2 rooms spoilt my experience,I am relieved to hear this hotel will not be part of the Hilton group from September because quite frankly it is not a 5 star hotel and lets the rest of the Hilton hotels down. I booked this hotel for its location as I was going on a hen night in Soho/Chinatown on Saturday 3 August. When I arrived I was upgraded but when I went to the room the beige/light brown carpet had such  bad stains on it -  one measuring about 12 inches in diameter which was actually bigger when i took the manager to it see - that I said it was not acceptable.   So they took  me to the room I would have been given if not for the upgrade. The carpets in there were also badly stained. So I went  back to reception and said actually neither filled me with confidence that the rooms were clean enough to stay…,Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1145-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Perfect location, just off of Regent St and at the end of Carnaby Street. Great service, room was clean, quiet and comfortable. The bar was very expensive but nice and you expect that from a hotel bar in the centre of London I think. Would definately visit again!",Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1150-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best located Hilton property in London - I'm going to miss it!,"I was sad to hear that The Courthouse will no longer be part of the Hilton brand in September, it is definitely the best located Hilton hotel in London. The newest member of the Hilton chain at Hyde park is no substitute and I find the rooms at the neighbouring Doubletree at Marble Arch fairly small.  Anyways, My stay at The Courthouse in August 2013 was mixed, the location is definitely the major selling point here, I've broken my stay into Pros & Cons.   PROS * Location - Right beside the Oxford Circus tube station - It is the most central Hilton hotel in London.  * Swimming Pool + Gym on location   CONS  * The staff were fairly frosty during the entire stay, its like there is some internal issues going on and they made this very obvious to customers.   * No loyalty to Hilton…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1150-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Days out in London,"My friend (lady) & I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. It was comfortable & the staff were extremely helpful. It is ideally situated for shopping, Covent Garden & most of the things we wanted to do during our visit. We were originally given a special offer & use of a suite which was lovely & would have been ideal if I had been visiting with my husband! We asked to be moved into a twin room & this was sorted out very quickly for us. We enjoyed dining at Silk & cocktails in the bar, which made it all the more interesting because of the history. I would most certainly recommend this establishment & although it may be awhile before returning to London, would definitely stay here again! Thank you!",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1150-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Worst afternoon tea I have ever had.,"My friend and I were given this afternoon tea as a gift. If I had paid for it myself I would have asked for my money back. We were seated immediately although we were early as the place was empty. We were given a glass of ''champagne'' and given a menu. As others have commented there is not a wide range to choose from. We ordered our teas and our food was brought over. We had three 2 fingers sandwiches of salmon, cream cheese and egg mayo. Obviously made up before as they were hard around the edges. The teapots they serve the tea in were pretty and my white tea was lovely. The 2 scones each were tiny, hard and tasteless. Looked like something the kids would haves made at school. The pastries really need rethinking. Neon pink fillings in macaroons and what can only be described…",Date of stay: August 2013,2.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1150-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Oh dear Hilton!,"We booked this hotel as my husband holds a Hilton Honours card and we wanted to be close to the theatres in London.  Whilst the location was great the hotel itself was awful.  The first room we were allocated stank of dirty drains, and sofa was so badly patched, worn and filthy that I wouldn't dare donate it to charity, the curtains were filthy and it was just so uncared for.  We were allocated another room.  The second room was better, but still had an air of neglect about it, but after a night at the theatre we were too tired to complain.  In the morning we were unable to shower properly because the temperature of the water was so hot that we were in danger of being scalded and the temperature control was broken.  Do not stay in this hotel!",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1150-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Stay somewhere else,No one at the reception when I arrived. The mattress sacks. The shower is broken. Wallpaper is damaged. The whole hotel looks like nobody cares. I believe it closes end of September. I would not stay here again despite the great location.,Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1155-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A Find in London,"We spent 2 nights in this lovely, well located hotel.  We had a short taxi ride to the theaters and a short walk to all shopping.  The staff is outstanding, and tended to all our needs.  We had the continental breakfasts, and the food and service were great. We received a welcome tray in honor of our anniversary which included wine, fresh fruit, and a chocolate bar. Our room was large, although it had no view. One complaint: why is the safe on the floor of the closet?",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1155-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Old Courthouse Double Tree London,This is an excellent hotel with very friendly staff particularly at reception and in the breakfast restaurant. The location is excellent and within easy walking distance of major city centre locations.  The hotel is quiet at night and overall we were very impressed with our stay.,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1155-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, shame about the staff.","We recently stayed at this hotel from 12-15 July and found it to be in one of the best locations and had great sized rooms.  What was disappointing was the lack of personality of the staff.  There just wasn't any engagement with us.  We did not feel that we were welcome or appreciated.  In a service/hospitality industry, I would have thought this was a basic necessity.  If you are looking for a great location, with a great room and just want to come and go - this hotel will probably work for you.  If you are looking for that personal touch, look elsewhere.  We have stayed at the Hilton Kensington and they are fabulous.  I also mention that this hotel is not going to be part of Hilton from 1 September 2013.  Not sure whose choice this was?",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1155-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location!,"You cannot find a better located hotel for shopping on Oxford and Regent Sts, hanging out in Carnaby St or Soho, going to the theatre or accessing the underground. This is as central as you can get! A boutique hotel that was once a Magistrate's Court, this facility has all that is needed for a visit to Central London. However, attention to a few minor details could take it to the next level: these include better lighting in the bathroom, a proper chair at the desk, an iron and better towels.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1155-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and large size rooms,"I believe the best thing of this hotel is its location and the size of its rooms. As i was staying with my two daughters i needed a hotel which offered large room where an extra bed could be placed in. The room size had plenty of space for this. The location being right at Carnaby Street and a block from Regent street was perfect for us. Therefore the price of the hotel as compared to other hotels in the area was good. The reception staff was friendly and good and we certainly enjoyed the large hot chocolate cookies we each were given upon checking. The rooms are old and are in need of an upgrade, but since we did not spend much time in the room, it did not really matter that much, although the mattresses and the pillows could do with a more urgent upgrade so guests sleep better…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1160-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","DON'T GET ""COURT OUT"" BY THIS HOTEL","First time I have  been so upset with a hotel I have booked for myself and friends having told them this was a high class hotel with great facilities.  I was looking forward to staying at this hotel especially as it had a pool, I like an early morning swim so was extremely disappointed that the pool didn't open until 10.00am. No towels provided either poolside so remember to take your room towel but beware these are not big and fluffy but thin & grey and some even frayed! I'm fussy and like to iron my clothes when they've been packed tightly in a suitcase. Not a problem anywhere else I've stayed except the Courthouse who provided the most basic pound shop flat iron, we spat on it and it still didn't hiss back! Surely everyone uses a steam iron in this day and age.  Only 1 chair…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1160-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A police lockup converted into a bar,"This is the bar adjacent to the reception of the double tree. When we were there it was packed with after office drinkers. It retains some of its lockup features, like the holding cell with a old  cistern flush toilet (now used as a seat). Drinks were not cheap but service was reasonable.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1160-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great SoHo location,"Loved this hotel. Mom got it on Hilton points. Rooms are large, the location is perfect with tons of restaurants and pubs to walk to. The TUBE was close and we walked our feet off. The staff is wonderful. I can't drink caffeine and the room service guy absolutely bent over backward to find me some decaf English breakfast tea. The breakfast was very nice and the waiters were wonderful and adorable. This was the first time to London and a trip with my mom, all and all it was AWESOME!! Would stay here again for sure.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1160-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A central location with great customer service,"This hotel is a relaxing, calm and friendly environment, set in a great location for easy access to the heart of London.  The customer experience here, was on the whole a positive one.  There were a few improvements to be made, by then again, such is life.  I would happily stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1160-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",bait and switch,I thought that i would write a list of things that i felt were below par for a place costing 500 USD per night and then go from there.   1. paint above wall lights was burned and dirty 2. paint is cracked everywhere in room and bath 3. carpet is old and worn like old cafeteria 4. fabric on chair at desk is old and worn out on the seat area 5. bed corners on headboard are made of cheap vinal and scrapped on edges 6. paint is scuffed and dirty EVERYWHERE 7. cheap pillows are hard and thin 8. wifi is broken in room!!! 9. bed mattress is so old its dented on one side 10. cheap half only shower door 11. moldy shower door 12. old bathroom scale like they found it at a yard sale 13. robes old and worn 14. towels old and worn 15. shower nozzle is cheap and comes out with no power…,Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1165-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,"If in London for Business or Pleasure, there is nothing like the Courthouse, located in the best place of London, easy access to the top streets there, great shopping location, nice restaurants & bars to enjoy.  The hotel by itself have the coolest Jail bar that you can enjoy a nice atmosphere, good drinks & fun time.  Breakfast room is nice, friendly & a nice mix of food,you can enjoy the hotel, its restaurent, bar & rooms, clean & has all what you need.",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1165-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel & Staff,"A 3 night stay was very pleasant indeed, the staff very knowledgable and friendly, definately stay hear again. Concierge even managed to supply a phone charger to me during stay. ( forgot mine!) Central location perfect for walking almost everywhere.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1165-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location Location & Service,"The moment you walk in the hotel, you feel good, the lobby, staff, guests all in an interact process that you will get into.  The location of the hotel is so convenient that you can go walking into Carnaby Street, enjoy the small restaurants, bars & even just the tourists walking by.  If you're on business, in the evening it take the load of the day away,",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1165-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea - well worth it,My husband was 50 this week and his daughter bought him tickets for Champagne Afternoon Tea.  We arrived at the hotel and were greeted by a most polite man who guided us to the tea room.  Our waiters were very attentive without being annoying.  Nothing was too much trouble for them.  We never had to open a door as the staff were so polite they held every door for us [barring the ladies room].  The sandwiches were delicious as were the pastries and warm scones.  The  tea choice was very good and we were offered more as soon as we had finished.  Excellent staff training.  An extremely pleasant experience.,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1165-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Afternoon Tea - Lovely,I purchased this on lastminute.com for my mum's 60th birthday.  I contacted the hotel direct to make the reservation and Aziz Shaikh the Restaurant Manager was exceptionally helpful.  My mum thoroughly enjoyed her champagne afternoon tea as did her friend and said the hotel was beautiful and all the staff were extremely friendly and helpful.  They included a complimentary birthday cake for my mum also which was gorgeous.  Thoroughly recommend this hotel,Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1170-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, excellent location","We chose this hotel from experience of previous stays at other Doubletree hotels. This hotel did not disappoint. The location was great for our visit to Wembley stadium. It was a short and easy tube journey from Kings Cross - nearest tube station to the hotel being Oxford Circus. It took us about 40 mins on the tube to Wembley - again very straightforward. Staff were on hand the minute we arrived where our bags were swiftly taken from us outside by the concierge. Staff were friendly and efficient and the room was extremely clean. The minibar was well-stocked - albeit a little pricey, but that is always the case. Our rate was bed only and at around £25 each we did not opt to dine at the hotel for breakfast. There a numerous places to eat only minutes away. We had a hearty full…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1170-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne tea at the Courthouse hotel,"We used Virgin experience vouchers to get 2 for 1 teas at the Courthouse hotel. There were 6 of us altogether as a surprise for a friend. We booked for 5.30 and arrived a bit early. The tea was delicious - finger sandwiches, lots of cakes and warm scones. We were offered extra sandwiches and scones at the end (which we wolfed down!). The staff were incredibly friendly and professional, making us feel very welcome. The hotel itself is in a beautiful old courthouse building right near Oxford circus. My friend felt truly spoilt and we were full to bursting by the time we left. It exceeded my expectations (I would definitely recommend getting the 2 for 1 vouchers if possible as this makes it much more affordable!).",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1170-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location! Location! Location!,"Undoubtedly, a good hotel located in central London and easy access to shopping districts and hip locations like Oxford, Regent St, Carnaby, Soho and Leicester Square. Special mention to Mr Diageo for going the extra miles in helping with the booking of the day trips and musicals and showing concern when our transport did not turn up on time. Truly, a dedicated staff and a great asset to the group!  Some mini setbacks on the room condition which need improvement including toilet knobs falling off easily, fused light bulbs which are not replaced, dirty carpet and extremely poor wifi connection. Hopefully, hotel will take note of these problems and solve it asap. Overall, thanks for the hot welcome choc cookies, lovely bathroom slippers, welcome drinks and chocolate too! Will…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1170-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Just Do It,Location 2 mins from regent street /oxford circus.a shoppers delight.. In heart of central London.. Team-fab and great service for a European property..the bell boy very decent wd offer help everytime u entered the hotel 5th floor terrace.bful views. they sent a bful cake with happy anniversary written on it to along with loads of fruits..personal touch-yess loved it ..,Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1170-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best upgrade I've had for ages,"Booked in at short notice for business trip. The downstairs is fun, with the jail cells in the bar and the quirky restaurant with the dock. When I booked in I was told I had been upgraded. Usually this doesn't mean much but this time was to a suite so definitely value for money. Staff very helpful. Will stay again. ",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1175-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",london weekend,spent the last weekend in London staying in the above named hotel. the hotel is just of oxford / regent streets and all the shopping that you need with the legendary Carnaby street straight across the road from the entrance. All in all a great location. The hotel still has the cells from back when this was a courthouse that is now the bar area. We had a great stay with the staff being very helpful in all our needs.,Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1175-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location location location,"My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights recently, it was fantastic. The location is the big draw card, Oxford st around the corner, Carnaby st across the road, great bars restaurants cafe's and the Tube all within a minutes walk. Originally we were given a smoking room, not great but rang reception and although we couldn't get a non smoking that night, we were moved and upgraded to a superior room for the remaining 5 nights. Reception, concierge and housekeeping staff were all very professional and friendly. I have no hesitation on recommending this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1175-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Attitude,"This hotel is in a fabulous location but recent experience indicated a rather poor attitude demonstrated by some of the staff. There were major IT issues (no WiFi anywhere other than lobby for at least 5 days) and, more importantly, they had a fault with their fire alarm causing fire doors to close with no staff checking to ensure hotel guests were ""safe"" or informed about what was happening. When some staff were approached, the only comment  was ""it was only a fault""- bad luck if it had been a real fire!",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1175-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hilton Should Be Embarrassed,"Had a reservation for 6 nights made 6 months prior. Requested adjoining or connecting rooms. 1 king, 1 double. Get there & have 2 queens. Ask the desk manager if they can change them & told maybe tomorrow will let you know. The rooms were filthy. Carpets dirty & stained, bed duvet torn, Thermostat broken, no washcloths & bath towels that were snagged & worn out. Bed was uncomfortable & hard.Turns out that Doubletree will not be management after September & apparently don't care about the property. I called the GM twice but he was too important to return my calls. I ran in to him and brought up all the problems, his attitude couldn't have been more of ""oh well"". He did say he would look into it but never heard from him. Cancelled remaining nights & went to another hotel. What a…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1175-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","COMFORT, STYLE AND LOCATION","My husband and I stayed at the Courthouse Doubletree in April from Australia.  We stayed for 5 nights in a King Large Guest Room.  It was a spacious, beautifully decorated room and very quiet.  The bed was very comfortable.  The service was exceptional from the moment we arrived until we left.  All our questions were answered and good advice provided.  Breakfast was efficient and a good way to start the day.  Other restaurants were also great and the bar has retained old jail cells from the original Courthouse.  These are really quirky places for an evening drink.  The location is very central -- great shopping on the doorstep and Carnaby Street across the road.  It's an easy walk to the Theatre district.  The underground is 2 minutes walk away.  All in all, we were very pleased…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1180-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for city comfort,"Great location for shopping & sightseeing within London town, 3 mins walk to Oxford Circus tube station.  Check out Carnaby street right opposite the hotel.  Rooms are clean & comfortable.  The warm cookie received during check-in was delicious.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1180-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Is it really a Hilton?,"Run down and in need of TLC. A great location for work or London shopping but the price of the hotel is not justified. The entrance and lobby are in good condition but the rooms are an 80s flashback. Stained carpets, built in 'round the bed' cupboards and scuffed, shabby decor. Not worth it at all. The staff were friendly and polite but this did not make up for such a shockingly grubby run down hotel",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1180-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",lovely hotel with great staff,lovely hotel with great staff  central London location opposite Libertys in Regent street and Carnaby street  nice staff  wonderful surprise with a warm welcome cookie  Nice reception/lobby area Very satisfying hotel in general in the heart of london   Wonderful hot cookie welcome  Would love to stay again,Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1180-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Central Location,"Location is really as good as it gets in London if you want to be central as it was opposite Liberty and the entrance to Carnaby Street, next to the Palladium Theatre, 10 minutes from Soho and 150m from Oxford Road Tube station.  Check in was simple and I was charged an additional £50 to cover any incidentals which was removed when I checked out. I received an upgrade as a Hilton Diamond member to a King room on the 4th floor which was of a high standard and had no signs of damage that others have reported although I know that within the same hotel you can often get a mix of rooms with some being refurbished more recently than others so I can only tell you that my room was of the standard you would expect. The view was not so great as the window was facing an office block about…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1180-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea at The Courthouse Hotel,"A"" virgin"" champagne afternoon tea experience at this hotel was given to me for my 60th birthday. To book a date was very difficult as every time we phoned and were put through to the restaurant the phone was either unanswered or engaged and this went on for days. The tea itself was served in a room off a corridor and not  in the main part of the hotel. The room was very plain, small and completely lacking in atmosphere and was obviously just for people with vouchers. The tea itself was just about adequate - 3 small finger sandwiches, 2 small scones and some tasteless cakes. I have had far better afternoon teas served on a British Airways flight. Most of the people there had been given vouchers as a gift for a special occasion and the whole experience was shamefully…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1185-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Good hotel with great location, more central hotel will be hard to find.  Gym was very bad, some machines in a hallway in lower ground.  Dinner/Service was excellent! Recommended to eat at the SILK restaurant!",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1185-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A bit disappointing,"After two stays at the Doubletree Hilton Tower Hill, we were disappointed in the lack of amenities provided to diamond Hilton Honors members. A bottle of water and continental breakfast was provided. No room upgrade was available because the property was fully booked (that was understandable); however, no drink coupons, or even a full breakfast was provided. The in-room wifi did not work for the first day. The second day I had to issue a complaint to get someone to come into our room to check. The individual who came was very pleasant. He found a weak connection and so brought in a plug-in box that solved the problem. The room was very small, but there was ample storage space, which was nice. The continental breakfast was sufficient, but not a wonderful selection. The location…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1185-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Rodent During My Stay,"I stayed at this property a few weeks ago and a rodent came into my room.  The service was horrible in dealing with this matter (i.e. I wasn't immediately changed to another room until the rodent came back in).  When I eventually got moved, the comment of ""maybe he likes you"" was said while moving to the new room (very distasteful).  Then the next day, the fire alarm was on for hours as there was an issue with the alarm system.  I expected my entire stay to be compensated (I used points for this stay) but only a small fraction was returned to me.  I sent hilton honors an email and looks like I'm not that valued of a customer (even as a diamond member).  I'm extremely disappointed with this hotel and especially hilton's response...",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1185-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Top location,"Located opposite Carnaby Street and adjacent to Oxford St, the Doubletree is a lovely hotel within walking distance of theatre land, Covent garden, Leicester square and Piccadilly Circus.  Nicely themed as it was previously a magistrates court.  Rooms are  large by central London standards and very comfortable.  Staff are excellent.  The spa is superb but the gym is woeful.  Very disappointed that one had to pay for wifi in the rooms: who does that these days?  Made up slightly by having free wifi in the public areas.  And no complementary water is just plain stingy. Breakfast is eye wateringly expensive but beautifully cooked. The downsides do not in themselves take away from the location and overall quality.  Would stay again.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1185-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","location, location, location","I've never stayed at a hotel in London in a more perfect location, absolutely central, with tube around the corner, and restaurants, shopping, and ambience right out the door. Plus side: location, with some beautiful rooms, much more upscale than any doubletree i've ever been do. very chic with nice touches, like magazines and fruit, well stocked minibar. downside: internet nonfunctional, so they moved me to a room where i could buy open wife. double downside: room right on street with nonstop noise and commotion, requiring me to sleep on sofa in inner room. later when wifi working moved to a perfectly quiet room (and staff was really exceedingly accommodating in trying to help me find working wifi). plus side: good outlets, big TV, posh rooms (the renovated ones; downside: the…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1190-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location... and thats it really,"Great location for shopping and entertainment. Thats about it really.  Stayed for 5 nights on a business trip and there was no wifi in the room all throughout the stay. The room I reckon had seen better days and the breakfast served in the morning... Well, your better off getting breakfast at Garfunkel's which is just around corner. If sleeping by the sidewalk isn't your thing and you just need a place to crash by all means do stay else take your money elsewhere, theres a lot more Doubletrees and Hiltons in London as well as other hotels in Soho.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1190-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Slightly Disappointed,"This was our second time at the Courthouse and we were less impressed with it this time around.  We had a similar room as before, but it had a rather tired and uncomfortable sofa/sofa bed against one wall which made it slightly cramped...which would have been fine really if it had been a beautiful piece of furniture. The television was enormous - which again would have been fine, but the piece of furniture it was sitting on clearly wasn't designed for it as it almost totally blocked out the mirror behind it. It looked like they thought they should upgrade the tv's, but didn't think about the aesthetics of the room in doing so.  The towels and bathrobes had seen better days - you know they were just a little bit hard and thin. Not soft and fluffy at all!!   The air-conditioning…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1190-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good central location but not a 5 star hotel.,"I stayed here for two nights on business and was expecting far better. I have stayed in most of the other Hilton and Doubletree Hilton hotels in London and this was distinctly average at best.  First the positive. The hotel is literally just off Regents Street and opposite Liberty so well located.  Unfortunately the negatives are many. The hotel is tired and in need of updating both in general areas and bedrooms. Fixtures are scuffed led an old, and the carpets dirty. A gym is listed but has just three pieces of equipment and no resistance machines or weights.  There is little to no Internet connection, which in this day and age in central London is frankly unbelievable! I linked my Mac to my phone and used 3G most of the time as it faster.  I would personally not come here…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1190-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",NO WIFI (except in the bar),"To be fair I didn't make it to the room when we stayed here, but my other half who was traveling on business did.  Briefly.  He was warned by colleagues the internet connection is poor to non-existent, we found it hard to believe that would be the case for a 4 star establishment in central London in 2013.  Unfortunately it was, no connection at all in the room, although there's a signal in the bar, not an ideal spot to try and work.  So we checked out, had to pay (although we were reimbursed later) and were told by reception that an earlier power cut is the reason the wifi no longer works, which was blatantly untrue.   Location is great, if you want to mooch about town but if you want to work, don't bother. Oh the roof top bar was closed as well, it was a lovely evening, so I…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1190-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The most centrally located hotel!,"My husband and I love staying at this hotel, it is very centrally located.  We walk to the shops and restaurants.  The staff is professional and courteous.  The rooms are clean and comfortable. We also enjoy the bar at the lobby.  Thank you",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1195-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very good location,"This hotel was nice enough, but the lack of working internet in the room and the fire alarm going off made for an interesting time.  As Hilton Honors gold members the internet was to have been complimentary, but we could not access the wireless for the entire three night stay.  The best part about this hotel is the location. It is in the heart of London's shopping district and very close to the Oxford Circus tube station.  Don't bother with the restaurant, Silk, in the hotel. It's not worth the money. There are multiple dining options better than Silk.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1195-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect afternoon - Champagne Afternoon Tea for 28….,"I arranged a surprise Baby Shower at this the Courthouse for 28 ladies, and everything was perfect. We were given exclusive use of the SILK restaurant and 3 waiters just for us. From the enquiry stage all the way through to leaving the hotel yesterday was spot on, some of the best customer service I have received. The Champagne afternoon tea was of very high standard and some of the quests even quoting is was the best afternoon tea they had been to, very plentiful and a great selection.  Can’t recommend it enough, Brilliant location, hotel and superb staff.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1195-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Quality hotel in brilliant location,"Used this hotel for a 1 night stay when visiting london for a restauraunt visit & shopping on the saturday. We had splashed out the extra to stay here as it was my 30th birthday.  The location is brilliant. Oxford street is just around the corner. We couldnt have asked to be more centrally located. It was walking distance from our restauraunt (l'autre pied - also brilliant!) and we also took the tube to knightsbridge on the saturday.  The hotel bar was great fun. We stopped for a couple of drinks before bed, and were surprised to discover the bar has little side cubbyholes with toilets in them!!! (not toilets in use - they are part of the decor and design featrue!). This meant my husband and I could keep ourselves to ourselves and enjoy our drink and chat in the cosy privacy of…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1195-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Recent Business Visit,"I have visited this hotel on a number of occasions and was particularly troubled with my latest visit  It was with obvious concern that I and a large number of patrons witnessed staff totally unprepared for a fire alarm activation. These staff were unable to manage or use the fire alarm system, unable to detect the location of the fire activation and what was most problematic - didnt know how to turn off the alarm (had to listen to it for an hour)  The other recurring theme from this hotel is that they are not able to get their wifi sorted. From my visits at check-in, they advise you that the wifi is being serviced.",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1195-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, perfect location","Spent one night in this hotel during a business trip to London. The common areas like the reception are not specially impressive and not too large. Regarding the rooms, I was kindly upgraded to a King large room which was great. With views to Carnaby St, the room had a separate sitting area, with a large TV. Bathroom was also very large and everything was very clean. The location is unbeatable, in the heart of the shopping area, just a few minutes from Oxford Circus. This meant that some street noise “leaked” through the windows at night. It didn’t bother me much but if that’s an issue I guess you can ask for a quieter room not looking to the main street. A big downside for a hotel of this category is that the advertised high speed internet available in the rooms via a LAN cable…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1200-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, sentral London","Stayed at the hotel for 3days. 3 min from Oxford Sirkus, and very easy to get around. Short distanse to Qxford Street, Picadilly Sircus and the Buckingham Palace. Clean and nice, very friendly staff. The concierge was very helpful and pations with all our strange question. Se really enjoyed the stay! And the beds was really good :-)",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1200-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dingy,"My wife and I spent six nights at the Courthouse Doubletree.  We were very disappointed.  The public rooms were dingy and not particularly attractive, and the sleeping rooms were very basic.  The breakfast was so poor and so expensive that I started going around the corner to a Garfunkel's!  What really surprised me was that when I checked the Hilton website this was one of the more expensive Hilton properties in London.  It must be location.  It is located at one end of Carnaby street, right off Regent, and a block from Oxford Circus.  Great location, but only if you like crowds.  Wall to wall people outside in the morning and evening. This place looked nice when I looked at its internet description, but the reality was very disappointing.  The only good thing other than…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1200-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We were given the “afternoon tea” as part of a Christmas present and having read some of the reviews on TA prior to going, we entered the hotel with trepidation.  All I can say is our experience highlights that you have to treat these reviews with care, as our experience could not be faulted.  The hotel is a nice setting and the reception staff were helpful and friendly, directing us to the adjacent restaurant.  Having read the reviews about the event being held in the Carnaby Restaurant, I had this expectation we had to go down the road , however, it is just the name of the hotel restaurant, so I am not sure of the point people are trying to make.  The setting was small, but not too cramped, and the staff most welcoming on entry.  We were shown the menu and offered a glass of…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1200-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hilton Double Tree,"Stayed as part of a suprise get away / to propose to my Girlfriend. Hotel Staff were excellent. Room was good value for money. Although being given a chocolate cookie when youre going to your room meant that i was covered in melted chocolate and so was my case, the lift buttons / room door and kettle, but thats because im a messy eater.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1200-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Could be 4* rooms & service (3* breakfast),"You know it's not going to be a really 5* hotel from when you approach the front entrance and think you must have been directed to a staff entrance corridor by mistake. (Though the money they saved on the entrance they did spend on the reception areas.)  Being used to staying at my own expense in mostly Travelodge (& some Premier Inns) around the rest of British Isles at £15-£25/night, it was quite a surprise to find what someone else's £280 buys you in Central London. Clearly it buys you prime location (a few minutes from Oxford Street tube, and at the head of Carnaby Street  it's ideal for Central London) with towelling robes/slippers and in-room bar, but exactly the same in-room coffee/tea/UHT milk! Did get a nice big TV including various Sky Sports channels - apparently…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1205-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",CINEMA EVENING,"What a great place !!! converted court rooms , on arrival greeted at the bar , with glass of champagne ( diamond fizz nice ) which you can take into the film, in bar area they had turned the cells into little rooms brilliant  , after lounging in waiting area, went into film saw ""now voyager"" classic b/w film betty Davies !! it was great watching an old film , in nice big comfy seats . only 94 in the cinema , sum up very good night out !!! would go again too see different film. treat yourself's",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1205-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The location is great.  The staff even better.,"We stayed a week at the hotel end of Apr/early May.  Excellent location.  5 to 10 minutes walk to the hopping Oxford street, Regent Street, Carnaby Street and Bond Street.  A coupla blocks to the Oxford Circus station.  About 25 minutes walk to the National Gallery with interesting shops and pubs along the way.  Our room on the 5th floor was comfortable and practical.  The staff were generally professional, efficient and helpful.   Especially the front desk and breakfast room staff.     A couple of days before our arrival the hotel had some server issue which meant some rooms were unable to get online.  Though even with a change of room we still were unable to get online, we were impressed by Mr Alexlander the front desk staff who helped us in the matter.  He was excellent in…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1205-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for couples!,"My girlfriend and I stayed here for just the one night as part of her birthday celebrations. We were greeted by a warm welcome (and cookie), the room was fantastic, the hotel on the whole is clean with fantastic decor, and the location can not be beaten. We were never more than a 10 minute walk from any of our destinations or modes of transport. We would both highly recommend this hotel. The prices may seem high when booking, but you do get exactly what you pay for and more given the fantastic location. I also read some other reviews knocking the staff and rooms...not true!",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1205-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not 5*,We stayed at this hotel on a Saturday night for a birthday weekend away. This hotel is not up to the usual Hilton Doubletree standard (like the Manchester and Leeds ones). Hotel is a bit tired and in need of a refurb - hairdryer didn't work and just didn't have a 5* feel. Also we were on the second floor and there was a nightclub nearby that was playing loud music at 2:30am. Overall not worth the £185!! Staff were pleasant though.,Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1205-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Superb hotel in the heart of London,"The hotel is located just off Regent and Oxford Streets and is within walking distance to Piccadily Circus - an excellent location in the heart of London.  We arrived at the hotel early on a chilly Saturday morning and were welcomed with some warm chocolate chip cookies at check in which was a nice gesture. We had requested an early check-in a few days prior and the gentleman at reception went out of his way to make sure our room was ready. The hotel is beautiful, from the reception areas to the actual room and bathroom. It actually was a courthouse in a former life and its quite amusing to see the holding cells and one of the actual courtrooms still intact, which gives the place loads of character.  We stayed in a Queen room which was quite spacious with a good bathroom (for…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1210-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but seriously in need of upgrading,"I stayed for five nights. The good bits are location, location and location, being right next to Oxford Circus with easy access to Oxford, Regent and Bond St shopping, and the buzz, food and action of Soho and Chinatown. Almost all the major sites are within walking distance. The bed is typically Hilton, king size and comfortable. The staff was polite, greeting you in the corridor and very ready to give good advice with a smile.  What can be improved? The room wifi was down during my stay but can be easily accessed for free in the lobby. There were cracks in the wash basin and the granite walls of the shower, and the bathroom door could not be locked. For the five days I was there I didn't think the room was vacuumed once, although the rest of housekeeping was fine with tidying…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1210-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Poor for the price,"Excellent location but very poor for the price - even from the discount websites.  The room desperately needed updating.  At £100 it would just about be OK given the location.  At this price, no free Internet? Bar prices are ridiculous. Breakfast is OK.  Service did the best they could and were always polite.   Generally, you would stay here for the location and if someone else is paying.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1210-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea :-(,"Considering we were treated to afternoon tea with a voucher from a family member, was the only cushioning factor to afternoon tea here....knowing we hadn't paid for it. As others have written, tiny poor quality sandwiches and dry sad looking little cakes. How hard can it be to buy nice bread, some decent fillings...get pastries from a local bakery?  On reading the cost outside on the board, I was amazed at the street value of this afternoon tea! You'd get more for your money with a fiver spent at Pret! Staff were pleasant enough, but room grey and drab. When you used the bathroom in the main hotel you realised we really were in the poor part...the hotel was bright and modern!  Spend the extra and go to the Ritz or spend less and go to costa! ",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1210-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great to be back,"2e time in this hotel and still love it! From the delicious cookie at the check in, the breakfast and nice and clean room till the moment you check out. We will visit London again in July and made a reservation here. Please say thank you to the front office fot the lovely diner suggestion!",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1210-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very good eventually,"Good and friendly check in at the Courthouse efficently sorting us out and sending us to our room. Upon arriving at our room it was found to be appointed quite well and in a nice clean state. However, this was not to last. when we settled up for the night a loud drone of a noise was coming from somewhere. This could have been a generator or air conditioning unit for the whole hotel possibly. It was loud enough for us not to be able to sleep, so my wife phoned for the duty manager to come up and witness the racket. After a 2nd phone call he arrived and listened and agreed it was unacceptable, but could not change our room that night as the hotel was full. Cotton wool in the ears was the order of the night !  We had a terrible nights sleep in this room and we were quite frustrated…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1215-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, excellent staff, very good property","You can not beat the location in London. With Carnaby St just outside you are on the edge of Soho and Regent St is just around the corner, too. The staff was very attentive and efficient in all areas of the hotel. I was a bit surprised to find the floor my room was on covered in tarp, one day, without any notice or explanation. But apart from being a bit odd, it didn't bother me much.  Wireless internet is very good, if you are in a room that is close enough to the signal source. If you can not use the wired connection (e.g. tablet) then better check before unpacking. The wired connection has excellent speed. Breakfast was very good. I can not comment on the other dining facilities, as I have not used them.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1215-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea Delight!,"I took my sister here for afternoon tea for her birthday! We were a little anxious after reading a few bad reviews but were soon aware how wrong they were!!  We had a lovely afternoon, service was fantastic lovely waiter who was very attentative & extremely polite. Service was quick but not rushed. The place was modern rather than traditional tea room style but attractive, clean and very light. Great choices of teas, yummy fresh sandwiches & cakes etc! Fantastic ecperience & would highly recommend! ",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1215-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Booking for an afternoon tea,"I actually haven't been to the hotel, but I was about to book an afternoon tea there. When I called the number which was written on the voucher and wanted to book it, I tried it three times in the evening and without even an answering machine or anything but instead was suddenly on-hook. The day after I called again and the lady answering the call seemed not to be in a good mood as she was kind a grumpy answering my question. I finally decided returning the voucher and booking an afternoon tea at another hotel as this hotel seems to be not the best experience for an afternoon tea right at the beginning already...",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1215-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne Afternoon Tea - Utter Disappointment,"My boyfriend took me here recently as I had seen the offer on LastMinute.com for the Champagne Afternoon Tea.   First of all, it's quite misleading as the 'Afternoon Tea' is actually in The Carnaby Restaurant and not at The Courthouse Hotel. The Carnaby Restaurant is OK, but it's not what is shown in the photos and is pretty so-so in terms of decor and ambiance.  The service was good - cannot fault the staff.   The food itself was almost laughable - I wish I could find the photos I took. There were 6 tiny little finger sandwiches, miniscule in size, VERY cold as though they had been in the fridge for days, hard and crispy bread. Horrid.  The cakes looked like something you would buy from Poundland in a large bag of sponge cakes. They were ALL sponge, dry and stale. There was one…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1215-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best hotel in London!,"My son and I recently travelled to London for 6 days on a sight seeing adventure.  Both the convenient location (easy walk to anywhere or tube station at corner) combined with the friendly and helpful staff , as well as the ambience of the hotel made it a perfect choice! Theatre and shopping areas (Carnaby St, West End, Regents St) border the area! Will definitely return and recommend!",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1220-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Average Champagne afternoon tea at the Carnaby restaurant in the hotel.,"I recently took my mum for afternoon tea at the Courthouse hotel, which turned out to be in the Carnaby restaurant. I bought a deal from last minute, which may come across a bit misleading showing photos of the glamourous interior of the hotel. Unfortunately the Carnaby isn't as glamourous, nothing wrong with it, just not what we were lead to expect.   The service was very good and attentive. We were offered many refills on tea, however not on sandwiches, there was only 6 between 2, which I thought was a bit mean.   The presentation was very nice but the food didn't taste as good as it looked. The sandwiches were a bit tasteless and the bread was already crispy on the edges. The scones were nice and warm, but not too sure if they were any better than supermarket ones. The cakes…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1220-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Our new favorite hotel in London!,"One of my daughters and I recently visited London from California for 3 days before heading to Paris for another 3. I use to live in London for 12 years and since moving back to the States have visited often and stayed at many hotels, but this is now my favorite.  The location is superb for sightseeing, shopping and West End shows.  The weekend staff while we were there ( Friday March 22 - Monday March 25) were super friendly which is a definite plus for us Yanks after travelling so many hours and dealing with the 9 hour time change.  Our room  (107) was very quiet and the beds were very comfortable.   Also it is really quite reasonably priced.  It's across the street from Liberty's, a block away from Boots, Marks and Sparks and 3 blocks from John Lewis. The underground is a 3…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1220-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location in central London,"If you're looking for a hotel that is convenient for a weekend break, close to both Oxford Street and the West End, you couldn't ask for a better location. The hotel is located opposite Liberty and Carnaby Street, and within an easy 10 - 15 minute walk into the West End. The hotel staff are very friendly and welcoming. We were upgraded to a king room, which was huge and very well-appointed - it felt quite luxurious. Despite the central location and fairly low floor (3rd), there was no outside noise or any disturbance. We had been given a voucher for a champagne afternoon tea as a gift, which we had booked in advance. I'm assuming that they had been having some sort of promotion (Groupon?) as despite booking a couple of months in advance, we could only get a 5.30pm slot. The food…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1220-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great theatre weekend.,"I have four daughters and 1 son, and every year I take one them on there own for a theatre trip and an overnight stay in a hotel. (bearing in mind the eldest is 26 and the youngest just 7!) This time is for a special trip to see Matilda with youngest. From the moment we arrived at the hotel the staff were so lovely and attentive. They really fussed over us and made our trip extra special. It seems no one uses the swimming pool as on the Saturday morning before the show we were the only ones in it. The breakfast was an excellent choice, and they asked my little girl several times was there anything they could make for her (as she is not a big eater and just picked at some toast. Lovely hotel, in a great location, I would definitely return.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1220-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, quiet and good service.","Great experience, really quiet room (we requested this) and fantastic location. I recommend for a quick London get away for tired parents needing a break from the kids! Gym is very small but there's much more to do in London.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1225-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, great location, but over-priced","The positives:  big comfortable bed, friendly staff, room nice and the location is perfect. The negatives:  odd heating system.. there is actually a note telling you that you have to set the heating to 5 degrees higher than you want it, just to get the temp you need!  The public areas are a bit tired and run down... a large tear on one of the bench seats in reception area and inexplicably an old sofa left in the corridor outside our bedroom.  The water pressure is just ok in the shower and £15 for wifi is daylight robbery.    It is in a good location, is perfectly acceptable, but I don't think represents ""good value"".  ",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1225-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",VW,"Excellent in every way and perfectly positioned for our city stay, helpful friendly staff in all areas and the cookies were a lovely surprise, sure to  stay again, great location for a visit to Libertys even if it to only to wash the eyes!",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1225-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location and Helpful Friendly Staff,"Stayed four nights over the weekend, location was spot on staff where very good, helpful and friendly Room was OK not luxurious, too dark no bed lighting and TV in wrong location Breakfast mmmm...... well what a let down very poor for the price of it £25 for a cooked breakfast!!!  scrambled egg had the consistency of frog spawn continental option should be served in a chiller to keep meats and cheese cool. Would stay again just for the location and staff but not the breakfasts. Come on Hilton pull your socks up please",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1225-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Recommended,"Very comfortable, remarkably quiet considering its location. Will definitely go back. Only concern was the wifi connection, that I couldnt solve. Like many hotels it still offers wired connection which modern devices dont connect to",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1225-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and very helpful and friendly staff.,"Very close to a strategic underground station, surrounded by shops, at the border of a number of London neighborhoods. Rooms are what you would expect from a Doubletree. Beds were good and bathrooms good too. Neither luxurious but what you would expect for the hotel brand. Breakfast was not so good, but lots of options nearby. Staff is helpful and professional. Never tried their main restaurant. The bar is ok, but again tons of options just out the door. Limited wireless to the lobby is painful. So overall good for a family not planning on spending a lot of time at the hotel.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1230-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",AFTERNOON TEA FOR 4!,"Paid for 2 girlfriends, Mum and myself for aternoon tea at the Courthouse Hotel.  Great service from the moment we walked into the hotel, and all through the whole tea experience BUT I expected better quality food from a hotel of this quality.   The little cakes looked like they could have been purchased at a supermarket and the sandwich fillings were sparse.  The turkey and cranberry finger sandwich tasted like cheap supermarket processed turkey slice with a whisper of jam spread across it.  The lttle cakes needed to be more varied.  Maybe something with a fresh strawberry and something chocolate, just to break up the sponge theme.  Too much sweet, not enough savoury. Scones with jam and cream and the unlimited tea supplied by the ever attentive waiters were the best part,…",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1230-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Old Fashioned Customer Service Values,"we spent just one night in this fabulous hotel. Even before we arrived I had to ring the concierge for advice about theatre shows and he was so helpful. On arrival, our case was carried for us, the reception staff couldn't have been more helpful, the room was spotlessly clean, well appointed and best of all, quiet. At breakfast we were greeted at the door and there was nothing the waiter could do to make our experience better. He was attentive to our needs without being 'in your face'. Needless to say we will return to this hotel when we have to visit London. A wonderful experience very rarely found. Thank you ALL. Oh yes the champagne afternoon tea was a delight served by most helpful staff, more teapots of tea than you could shake a stick at.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1230-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A slice of decadence in the very heart of London,"A romantic weekend in London. This old beautiful building is tucked behind Oxford street and directly opposite Carnaby Street, so everything is within walking distance. A great elegant feel with indulgent chocolate chip cookies supplied on arrival. The rooms were small but beautifully furnished and still had that upper class feel. The staff were friendly and engaging. If you are planning a romantic weekend away for a show or some serious shopping, add this as a treat is well worth it. This was a real find.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1230-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Got a smokers room,"Last trip to London, I had the flue. Did not help on my form or wellness that I got a smokers room. Had specified that I did not wanted a smoking room. Very bad service from the hotel, could not get an other room before 2. night.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1230-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Very nice hotel, fantastic location","We stayed for a week in the beginning of March. Very nice accommodations, room was a nice size for central London. Staff was very courteous and accommodating. Location cannot be best! Only downside was lack of free wifi, had to go to the lobby for it. Sleep quality was excellent, never heard anyone on else in other rooms. Overall good value, would definitely stay again!",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1235-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel - Must Stay,"Room was upgraded, was on the first floor looking towards Soho and had huge bed and jacuzzi bath and shower.  DIdnt use the restaurant as checked out earlier to get a train but colleagues said this was also very nice.  Great location.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1235-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea with champagne - ideal shopping break,"It was great to sit down and be served an afternoon tea with champagne here, ideal for in between shopping and catching a show as it is so central.  This is our second visit. The staff were courteous, friendly and extremely helpful.  I'm sure we will be back.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1235-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",One of my  favourite central London hotels,I was pleased to be able to return to this brilliantly located hotel; around the corner from Oxford Circus and The Palladium and across the road from Liberty.  Comfortable bed in room on quiet side of the hotel ensured good night's rest.  Well stocked mini bar.  Bathroom fine although the white towels and gowns are clearly very well recycled and could do with replacing.,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1235-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Smart and helpful,"Very well placed hotel for a busy weekend or business stay in central London. I usually stay at teh Millbank Doubletree which is superb, but this one is next door to theatres, shops, restaurants and transport (Tube station 200metres to Oxford Circus & buses 100 metres on Regent Street) Many attractions are walked to quickly cutting across Regent street down Saville Row to Green Park and Buck Palace. Or cutting down Berwick Street to the Strand etc. Thhe first room given us though was 301 which is right NEXT TO the lift!. I could hear ""door opening"" etc every few seconds even though it was the afternoon. I asked to be found an alternative room and was taken to Room 406 which was at the back of the hotel and furthest away from the lift.   Nice rooms, only two teabags though, and…",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1235-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Real Value for Money,"To find a top quality hotel within walking distance of the West End, for around £150 a night is rare. This one will not disappoint. Opposite the entrance to Carnaby St and the Liberty store, 50m to Regent St and a 100m to Piccadilly Circus you will be pressed to find something better. Comfortable rooms, good staff and a calm atmosphere provides a perfect contrast to the bustle of London",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1240-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Average afternoon tea,Lovely location and a relaxed atmosphere. The scones were lovely and warm but the sandwiches were a little dry on the edges suggesting they had been out for some time and the cakes were very average. I wouldn't go back.,Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1240-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant location for visitors,"Location of this hotel is absolutely brilliant. Beds are comfy, wifi expensive and poor coverage. Luckily there are lots of places with free wifi. Did not check hotel's breakfast as there were many alternatives within 100 meters. Staff was very polite and helpful. We requested a quiet room away from street noise and it worked perfectly, got a room facing backyard. As said, the location was great but one might get better bang for a buck somewhere else.",None,4.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1240-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre Break,"Great location, full of character, and very professional and helpfull staff. we were upgraded to a suite on the first floor (nice touch) which was extremely quiet for London. Breakfast was average but overall very pleased. I did pay the standard rate, which i guess is why we were upgraded.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1240-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Rude reception manager & very noisy!,"Be very carful when booking this hotel!! I was given a room that I paid for with points that have been given to me by Hilton for waking up head to toe in bed bug bites in the Arc de Triumph Hilton last year, anyhow I though I would treat myself and my friend.  Given a room at back of hotel ( the whole hotel backs onto loading bays for the surrounding shops), we were above a loading bay, which started deliveries at 5 am and hadn't stopped at 9.30. We had no sleep and we were exhausted the next day.  I complained to the reception manager and wanted compensating. She refused and bluntly told me I should have requested a quiet room and that I should have rang them at 5 am and they would have moved us to another room. Because I didn't report it, there was no evidence that this…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1240-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, superb staff","Greeted warmly when we arrived . We booked a superior room  (508) via Olotels for two nights . Room was spacious with tea/coffee, hairdryer, bathrobes . Towels were hard . Hotel is situated opposite Carnaby Street and Libertys as well as just round the corner from the Palladium . Breakfast was tradittional choice of Full English and Continental. Quirky setting once being an old Magistrates court . Didn't have a dinner there but the choices and prices were comparable to nearby restaurants . The staff were helpful all the way with guidance , booking and room service. Would happily go back there again.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1245-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Superb Hotel, Fantastic Location!","Stayed there 1 night on business, great value for money, the best location in London for shopping, quiet and still just on Regent and Oxford Streets, 1 minute from Oxford Circus, 3 minutes from Piccadilly Circus - service is excellent, good value for money in Central London, Highly recommended!",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1245-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, good hotel","Stayed in feb 2013 for 2 nights. When we arrived at 10am our room was already available. 2 issues with the room (safe and kettle) were fixed immediately. Location is fantastic, close to Oxford St Tube station, plenty of restaurants and pubs close by. Free use of internet for printing of vouchers etc, free wifi in lounge area. Our only compaint was housekeeping, one day room was not cleaned when we returned at 3pm, and they were a bit stingy in refilling products we had already used, but one phone call and they brought extra products to the room. Not the cheapest hotel in London, but location counts for a lot",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1245-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing Champagne Afternoon Tea For 2,"My nieces bought me this experience as a birthday present because they know how much i love afternoon tea.  However, I have to say this was one of the worst afternoon tea's I have ever experienced.  The only availability was Monday 18th February at 5pm unless we wanted to wait until May for a weekend slot. The Courthouse Hotel is a 5 star hotel, but the room where afternoon tea is served is dark and dingy and quiet scruffy and tired. The waiter quickly arrived and offered us a choice of different teas, we chose coffee. He then took the voucher and disappeared.  We waited quiet a while for our food to arrive, first came the glass of champagne each which was not very chilled and certainly did not taste like Piper-Heidsieck.  The food arrived soon after, on a wobbly stand which had…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1245-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We had afternoon tea at The Courthouse Hotel during a weekend in London.  It is well situated opposite the end of Carnaby Street and Liberties.  The tea consisted of a glass of champagne on arrival, while we drank the waitress took our order for a variety of tea or coffee, we had two sandwiches each shortbread,scones with jam and cream and cakes.  It was beautifully served by a charming foreign waitress and made a nice afternoon interlude.  This was an offer obtained from the Daily Mail, I believe it was £35 per couple which apparently is good value for London.  The Hotel was most helpful as we were on a time scale and did not want to book the tea if they could not fit into our tight schedule.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1245-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Many Thanks,"My husband and I have just returned from a short weekend break at this Hotel. This was our second visit. When I had made the booking via the Hilton website I had asked for a room preference i.e. in a quiet location with no passing footfall. Twenty fours hours before our arrival I was contacted via email by the Hotel to ask for my room request. I replied repeating my earlier request. Upon arrival the room allocated to us was fantastic. It was tucked away at the end of a little corridor with no passing footfall. I did not hear a sound all night - sheer bliss. The large bed was so comfortable and the standard of decor and cleanliness of the room and adjoining roomy en suite was excellent. This Hotel is in an excellent location, so close to the main shopping streets and tube…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1250-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Only okay,"Our stay at this hotel was only okay, the room we had was a little tired (chipped bath and broken pop-up waste, stained carpet and peeling wallpaper) not really what we had expected from a 5 star hotel room! However the location of the hotel is excellent, we found the staff helpful enough, the bar was good, the food at breakfast again can only be described as okay and for a 5 star hotel should be alot better!",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1250-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",special champagne tea,"champagne afternoon tea, to celebrate our wedding annaversery, very dissapointing.  not fresh sandwiches, scones were warmed too much and were solid, cakes poor selection, tea selection good, cups too chunky for afternoon tea, onlu good thing was our lovely wairter and the champagne, we had an offer, so glad I did not pay the full price.",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1250-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Heart of the West End and London Shopping,"Great hotel facing Liberty's and the start of Carnaby St..The was a Court previousky and has interesting quirky bits to it, like the old holding prison cells in the bar which have been converted into private booths. I stayed in a deluxe queen room and as London hotel rooms go this was a very good size. Been here a few times now and always have a great experience..each stay always starts with a warm chocolate cookie when u check in!",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1250-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel excellent location,Nice hotel and central location. Staff very helpfully and professional. Room a little dated but was spacious we had a king room. Handy for tube station and shopping and nice pubs just across the road. Bar a little disappointing but lounge area nice. Excellent breakfast and serves until eleven at weekends.,Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1250-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal location,"An ideal location for shopping, theatres and eating.  An easy walk - around 20 minutes from Euston.  Close to Carnaby Street, Regent Street and Oxford Street.  Not far from Leicester Square, Covent Garden and Soho.    We booked an advance, no change package but were unable to travel on the appointed day due to the snowy weather.  The hotel very kindly allowed us to amend the booking to a date within the next month at no further cost.  This was much appreciated.  As it was for a 'special' birthday we booked the following week.  The staff were friendly and professional.  The room was clean and functional and a very reasonable size.  The only issue was with the pillows, which were less than supportive!  The room was incredibly quiet - not always the case in London hotels.  The bar…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1255-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Very polite staff, centrally located",The locaation was perfect. The staff very polite and effective. Room-bathroom very clean.  The matress and teh pillows were extremely good!!!!Excellent breakfsast. Very warm wellcome and the man at the recepiton gave me every information I wanted. I highly recomend this hotel.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1255-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and very central,"Me and my girlfriend celebrated her birthday at the hotel for a weekend. The staff was very professional and serviceminded. They noticed that my girlfriend had her birthday that weekend and upgraded us with a better rom. They also sent up a cake with happy birthday on it! Very nice. The hotel is just in the middle of the shopping mekka of London so my girlfriend was pleased. Just 5 min walk to Oxford circus tube station. London Underground is great. We experienced some trouble with the water, only hot water in the bathroom, but they staff sent up someone to fix it very quickly. When we asked for extra towels they also came promptly. They only sad thing was that we did not have any time to use the pool etc at the hotel. ",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1255-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, fine staff","Perfect location for fun, endless shopping, proximity to a world renown antique map shop, subway stop, walking distance to many West End Theatres and a Bikram Yoga is 10 minutes walk to boot.  Nice breakfast, attentive staff, newspapers in the lobby, a sauna and poll plus work out room....   Everything I would want in a hotel!",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1255-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great weekend!,"Firstly, the location is ideal. It was very easy to get to, being just a 5 minute walk from oxford circus train station. There was a warm and friendly atmosphere from the minute you walk in! The whole evening was full of entertainment starting with a lovely quiet dinner at the restaurant followed by a classic movie playing in the private cinema!!!! - shown by a lovely and friendly projectionist. FInally, the weekend at the hotel was topped off by a fanstatic couples massage the next morning which we would highly recommend. A great weekend getaway!!!!",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1255-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",What a disappointment!,"My friend and I ended a lovely day in London at this hotel for afternoon tea.  There is only one good thing I can say about it and that is the location. The afternoon tea was appauling, the sandwiches were dry on top and the scones were not very good and as for the cakes they were shocking.  The service was dreadful, it took some 40 minutes for our cake stand to arrive.  We tried to end on a good note by going to the bar for a glass of wine. We ordered Chenin Blanc which was listed at £6. We were then asked to pay £13.50.  When this was queried we were told they take £1.50 service charge.  What a nerve, if I think service is good I will add it thank you.  We decided to drown our disappointment and enjoy the wine, but gues what it was most definitely not Chenin Blanc.  It tasted…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1260-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"The location of this hotel is excellent, just opposite the entrance to Carnaby St, the Liberty end. Nice lobby, nice and rich breakfast, good enough rooms. The members os Staff are nice and smiling but many of them do not speak very good english and communicating can sometimes be a struggle. There are a good few steps in front of the hotel which do not make it accessible to everyone. Overall, I would 100% recommend this hotel for its location, but for the price of their rooms I would probably chose something else.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1260-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location,"My husband and I booked this hotel because it is so near to all the shops and we were going to a theatre for the evening. The staff on reception were extremely welcoming and helpful.The room had plenty of space and the bathroom was a good size as well. The staff were great at giving directions and tips about things to see and do etc, We didn't use the bar as we didn't get back until late but there were a number of other guests in there. the breakfast was good with everything being hot and tasty. Our coffee cup was refilled as soon as we had finished the last sip.It was busy but the food looked fresh and was re-stocked so nothing ran out. The waiting staff were very friendly and attentive. The best thing about the hotel is it's location as it is close to all the attractions and…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1260-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Myself and my son stayed at this hotel for four nights in December 2012 and we would definetly stay there again. The staff were so friendly and helpfull, the rooms were very clean spacious. This hotel is in a great location for all the attractions London has to offer and the restaurants in the hotel are alos excellent value for money. If yo stay there you must try the afternoon tea in the Carnaby restaurant, it is delicious and great value for money too.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1260-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad,"The location of this hotel is great.  After reading other reviews I was hesitatnt in staying here, they were mixed. Staff were generally very helpful.  The room was good, clean and had all the usual amenities. The bathroom had hot water that went from hot to cold randomly. Not terrible but not great. The aicon was alos tricky to get right.  I'd stay here again as long as the rate was OK.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1260-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Gr8 Location,"The location was very convenient, regent,bond street and oxford all at walk able distance.The Chocolate cookie was a nice touch as you enter.I and my colleague did wait for sometime though for our rooms, some housekeeping issue i recall.Buffet breakfast was good too. Guys the best thing about this place is the location!",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1265-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Convenience and Class,"I recently stayed at the Courthouse Hotel following some traveling around Europe on my way home to Melbourne. From the moment I walked up to the entrance the staff were delightful. Check in was smooth and easy and the reception staff told me everything I needed to know. Concierge noticed I was struggling with my heavy bags and helped me straight away which was lovely.  I always check out and try the facilities in hotels, my favourite would have to be The Bar. With the old jail cells still in place, it was quirky but cool and definitely a great place to have a cocktail. The bar staff were definitely good at their job!   But the main attraction of this hotel would have to be the location! It is literally 2 minutes walk from Oxford Street and Oxford Circus tube station. All the…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1265-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous service from start to finish!,The location of this hotel is outstanding - Liberty and Carnaby Street are a stones throw away and Oxford and Regent Street are just around the corner!  Perfect spot for shopping and/or seeing a show. We were very impressed by the welcome we recieved at the hotel (the warm cookie is a lovely touch!) and we were checked in straight away despite arriving a good few hours early - a special mention for Alexsander on reception and his top notch customer service!  The hotel room was spotless and not a bad size.  There is a great selection for breakfast and again the staff could not have been nicer! We will definitely be staying at The Courthouse again when we return to London!,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1265-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers or a Hilton Brand?,"Where do I start? Well perhaps with the positives...A great location.  Now for the negatives... I have stayed here twice and have had variable standards at service at best. This is the only hotel I am aware of that asks and copies a form of ID when checking in.  Every time I asked for an ironing board and iron I received a fisher price iron and had to follow up each time with a request for a proper iron.  On my second visit, neither the wireless internet nor the TV worked. I had to get this sorted also.  I ordered drinks from the bar. When the bar was closing we were asked if we would like final drinks, we accepted and were told that these would be served in the lobby...long wait ensued. We were then told the drinks would be served by room service - fine by us! Longer wait…",Date of stay: January 2013,2.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1265-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",cream tea delight,"6 of us went to the Courthouse for afternoon tea with champagne to celebrate a birthday. It was a ""two for one"" offer and thus very good value. We were all impressed by the welcome and excellent service throughout, every request was  responded to quickly and efficiently.The sandwiches, cakes and scones with cream and Jam were very good, enough to fill you up and we enjoyed trying the different teas on offer. The champagne was a quality brand and added sparkle to the occasion. The hotel is  well situated near to Carnaby street and Oxford street  and opposite Liberty's but the old original entrance does want some finding.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1265-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Conventional and Convenient,"Outstanding location.  Just a short stretch of the legs to Regent Street and Oxford Street shopping.  Large selection of restaurants just across the street on Carnaby Street.  And just around the corner from The London Palladium and Oxford Circus tube station.  Our room and bath was of above average size for a hotel in central London.  It was adequately appointed and linens were crisp and very clean.  The front desk and breakfast staff exhibited a collective ""stiff upper lip"", but were helpful and efficient.  The breakfast was ample and with a good selection.  We used Hilton Honor points for our stay and were not treated like second class citizens.  I would say the actual room price was in line with other central London hotels of similar amenities and location.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1270-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good name but medium quality and expensive,"Great location, awful service and far far too commercial. Near to the center. Practically easy access to everything. It was quiet  difficult to recognize it as a hotel when we arrived. Rooms: back to 80’s, old and heavy used.  Nothing excuses about 1000 euros for 3 nights.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1270-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",some disappointment,"We stayed at this hotel for four nights between 3oth December and January 3. Room ok and staff polite, and a very central area.  But all details were not very good: the room was noisy all the time, with staff opening and closing doors from 7.30 am, the room was not perfectly tied up all the times, we called the reception ttrying to have another room or to solve the problem of the noise and never received any kind of answer. For the room price we were expectring a far better service. Particularly because we the spent 2 other night in a more ""budget"" hotel (the park plaza westminster) and the service, the rooms and the staff were simply excellent, for half the price",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1270-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant and stylish.  Fantastic location!,The hotel is in such a fantastic location.  It's directly behind topshop on the otherside and at the exit of Carnaby. I stayed there over a weekend once purely to shop.  The prices for the room was quite reasonable for the location and the room itself was decent size. The only thing was just that the furnishings was about British roadside hotel style.   The staff was friendly and the breakfast was delicious!  Would recommend it!,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1270-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of the noisy mini-bar!,Stayed here with a group of work mates in mid November. My experience with the standard room was hellish. I had to change rooms three times until they begrudgingly upgraded me to a more expensive room which finally was livable.  The first room had a noisy mini-bar that you can hear only when you get into bed at night and it gets totally quiet. Drip... drip... drip... like a Nazi torture chamber! I called downstairs. A nice manager came up and unplugged the mini-bar... after which it strated uTp even louder! Now it's funny but it wasn;t then. I was tired from a long day's work and wanted to go to sleep!  Upon my request to remove the mini-bar out of the room the nice manager said it was against the rules. Ok. Next room! The next room had the weirdest situation with running water…,Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1270-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very impressed,"I chose this hotel because of its location and because it is a Hilton property and I wanted to use Honors points.  The location is superb.  it is one block to the Oxford Circus tube station, half a blcok to Marks and Spencer dept store with an expansive food/grocery store for take out or eating in.  Many restaurants of all sorts and pubs nearby.  About 4 blocks to Soho section of the city.   My room was spotless and very modern and roomy (#417) with no view but I wasn't seeking one.  Nice and quiet.  Hotel staff were all very friendly and as accommodating as they could be.  They provided me with an early check-in which I had requested ahead of time and coffee while I waited half an hour for the room to be ready.  Breakfast was excellent.  The only problem I encountered was the…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1275-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,"In the centre of west end, great location for everything, hotel is good, staff very friendly, and helpful. Rooms are good also, we only had breakfast their, but that was excellent, great selection. Recommended for 3-4 days trip, not cheap but for London, very reasonable.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1275-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Spa Massage,SPA VISIT ONLY  My daughter booked a spa treatment birthday treat. It was wonderfully relaxing. We had a great massage by Cerys and Melissa who were kind and polite. The Spa is small and we were alone most of the time. The water in the pool is lovely and warm. The only thing I missed was a bubble pool but I would recommend the massage highly.,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1275-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea deal,"I got a 2 for 1 deal for afternoon tea at the Courthouse. I booked for four but due to one thing and another, rather than four going it ended up with 2 x sets of two with me going twice. It was pretty mediocre and the second visit showed no signs of improvement. It was £33 per pair. I cannot imagine paying £33 for this as a single person. The service was fine, although on the second visit it was somewhat over zealous and frankly, by the end of the visit, rather irritating. The sweet element of the tea overwhelms the savoury with only two finger sandwiches offered per person. The scones are weirdly bready and not like any scones I've ever had. They are not good. The rest of the patisserie is pretty poor and the cake tastes dry as if it's been cut hours before and been allowed to…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1275-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Christmas Shopping Break,"Stayed here for 4 nights over Christmas. The hotel itself was quiet Christmas eve and Boxing day then got quite busy after that. The staff are very friendly and polite. We had a good deal through Gala Hotel rooms on a bed and breakfast rate. The standard bedroom was a very good size with good storage, comfy beds, plenty of mirrors. The only negative would be that the the water from the basin tap ran only hot, not cold. Good wide corridors, quick lifts, pleasant lounge area, nice bar, good quality breakfast. Our trip was purely for shopping and spending Christmas and Boxing day in central London, and the location of this hotel was spot on. Very easy access to most areas, 45 mins to Hyde Park, 20 mins to the Strand, 5 minutes to Picadilly Circus and China town, 1 minute to Regent…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1275-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",NOT Doubletree/Hilton usual standard - awful!,"I brought all of the staff from my office here for an overnight stay for their Christmas doo on December 6th & 7th 2012. There were 10 of us and I really wish I'd booked somewhere else. Having stayed at Doubletree Hiltons on several occasions in various locations and been very pleased, I thought this one would be a safe bet. My goodness how wrong was I. This one is nothing like the one I regularly stay at on Westminster Bridge and I am astounded at the huge contrast under the same corporate banner.  Breakfast was shocking - serve yourself from a few eat all you can style buffet sliding lid containers with burners underneath. The contents of which slung in and no care whatsoever taken in presentation. It was appalling. Call that a traditional English breakfast? I was so ashamed…",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1280-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect convenience,"For the stylish traveler who is wishing to stay somewhere close to the action of all things london has to offer, this place is for you. The bar is really cool and well lit. Has been kept in its old school form with some of the prison cells converted into little private areas for drinks and nibbles by the bar for a more intimate feel. The staff at reception were delightful, quite friendly and always available to help or give directions to various shops or places to eat or drink if I wanted to try something different to the wonderful restaurant food at silk or carnaby. The room I stayed in was very nice and cozy. The views aren't the greatest but being only a 5min walk to the tube stop Oxford circus means you can go anywhere. If you want to treat yourself whilst on a shopping…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1280-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Turned away the first time....,"My rating is based on two visits due to the problems detailed in my review below.   We were given a voucher for afternoon tea for two for our Silver Wedding Anniversary so booked to have our tea on a Saturday in November. We arrived on time, presented our voucher, which was initially accepted, albeit given a 'strange' look. We were seated, a glass of champagne each was brought, then we were told our voucher was the wrong one and it would not be accepted. We couldn't understand this at all but as we only had our voucher with us and none of the other paperwork and being a Saturday there was no-one we could call. So rather than cause a scene, or have a 'discussion' with the manager, who incidentally, we weren't given the opportunity to speak to, we left feeling somewhat…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1280-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Hotel for our London trip,"Liked this hotel a lot. We stayed here with the three of us. Near Oxford street and Picadilly Circus. Staff were great , friendly and very sweet. We traveled with my old mother and they could not do enough. We had rooms next to eachother which had a door to share ( 303/302) This was perfect. The man at reception upgraded us to these rooms without charge "" it was nearly christmas"" he said. We had afternoon tea in the Old courtroom , which was good. Never knew i booked a hotel with so much history. John Lennon and Mick Jagger were here. We stayed 3 days and we really all agreed , we would come back to this hotel next year when in london. by the way do go to the Bar, cocktails are great , bartender very sweet.( turkish gentleman )",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1280-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in fab location,"We stayed here for one night to celebrate my birthday and see the London lights.  Fantastic location very near to the Palladium and opposite Carnaby Street and Libertys.  Lovely staff who parked the car for us so easily and gave us a free upgrade to superior room.  Room was great all usual facilities which were modern and for once a sensible place for ladies to do their hair with modern hair dryer.  As it was my birthday the staff delivered two beautiful pieces of chocolate cake with happy birthday written on the plate such a nice gesture.  The hotel bar is very quirky with the old cells still there from the prison for guests to enjoy.  The Silk Restaurant is fabulous and set in the old Courtroom.  Breakfast was included, which is often unusual for London hotels and was…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1280-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,"My wife and I stayed for a couple of nights for a short visit to London before Christmas.  The positives were the location and price (particularly for the time of year).  The room itself was small but comfortable, and the shower (over bath) powerful. Downsides were the cost of the in-room wi-fi (£15 for 24 hours), which is more than most people pay for a month at home, and the fact I had to call housekeeping twice for an iron, and when one did turn up it did not work.  That said, if we were staying in central London again for a similar trip, we would definitely think about staying again.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1285-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely awful meal,"...It  wasnt as if we paid a fortune, which can always colour one's view. We had a voucher for the three course meal. The first course was cold, and altho' the four of us asked for only mildly spiced dishes- 3 out of the 4 plates (my husband had the so-so- steak) our plates had half the food on them when finished. It  seems nearly all the food is Thai orientated and therefore strong on the chilli, which isnt made clear in the blurb.(Asian could be anything)..The ginger/honey ice-cream was delicious. (Probably brought in.)  The young staff, although sweet, seemed inexperienced. We had to ask twice for various things. Some rice spilt on the table was left there when the desserts were brought and placed in front of us.  We found the room dark and dismal at night.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1285-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Quite Wonderful,"We've stayed at the Courthouse before.  It's in a great location: about a minute's walk from Oxford Circus, perfect for shopping, and pretty good for the US Embassy.  We had an appointment at the Embassy 9.00 a.m. Monday, and had our three kids (2, 6, 9) with us - staying Sunday night seemed like a good idea.  And it was.   Called the hotel to make the reservation, and they sorted out adjoining rooms.  They emailed a couple of days before we arrived to ask if we had any special requests - we didn't, but I took the opportunity to mention that we were coming with three kids.  When we arrived (a little later than planned), they figured out who we were before we could say hello.  And sorted out a neat extra bed for our 2 year-old.  The staff were friendly, and great with the kids.  …",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1285-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"We stayed just the one night here last weekend, to visit son and to shop. This hotel is clean, modern and efficient.  Reception area was very busy but we were checked in promptly.  The staff were polite and helpful. Our room (510) was a bog-standard double which too was clean and modern - though the view was a bit yuck - peering into a huge office block watching the poor souls working late into the evening, a few  feet away was a bit off-putting so we kept the curtains drawn!! One small point - the pillows were awful - little solid squares - not very comfortable. We had a couple of pre-dinner drinks in the bar and found the quirkyness great - this building was the old Magistrates Court and they have kept many of the features, especially in the bar area where you can sit and…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1285-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Spa Day,"On arrival Cerys my therapist was very welcoming and clearly outlined the itinerary for the day. As the start was very good, my expectations was very high for the massage and was happily met for the massage. It was amazing, the pressure was just right and I came out fully relaxed just how I wanted to. Whilst using the spa facilities Cerys made us aware help is needed if we wanted any and water kept on being offered. Cerys presented herself very well also, lovely day spent with my friend. X",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1285-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Back for more, Christmas shopping! Tea in SILK!","Back at the Courthouse. Christmas shopping this time.As always good service, room clean (505) and they have new TV's , 40inch TV's with over 60 channels. Have to mention Thiago this time , he really made an effort to find the perfect restaurant for us. As it was last minute it took a bit of time to find one that was free, but he really did not give up and we had a wonderful meal. My wife took tea in SILK which was great , real Japenese style tea with plum wine to match. As always great stay , will be back in June 2013 !",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1290-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Afternoon Tea,"Totally agree with previous reviews about afternoon tea. The food was not what you would expect from a 5 star hotel - stale tasteless cakes and 2 tiny nondescript sandwiches each, which had obviously been left uncovered as the bread was hard on top.  The champagne and tea were good but the food was very poor. The room it was served in was completely lacking in any character with very bland decor. Would definitely not recommend this experience to others. Shame, because hotel is in an excellent location, close to West End shops etc",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1290-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The worst afternoon tea ever,As has been said before all the food put out at once two slivers of tasteless sandwich each with no refills offered pretty non description room just like any other cafe/tea bar in London £35 is just a rip off on the ever popular afternoon tea gift staff were polite but not really interested in customer relations save you money and treat someone to something else this just isn't worth £5.,Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1290-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very good!,The room and service were wonderful/top notch! We only spent a night here for a treat but it fulfilled our expectations.  However the spa was lacking a little but I know space was probably an issue. Although the spa staff weren't particularly pleasant and there's no excuse for that! ,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1290-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, Great location","As others have said the this hotel is in a great location. Staff were all efficient and friendly and went out of their way to assist with a couple of requests we had. Room was clean, comfortable and not a bad size compared to other London hotels. Only slight complaint would be most items on the breakfast buffet weren't that hot.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1290-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Superb Location,"Amongst the very overpriced London hotels this one is a real find when it comes to value & location.As a Nzer our $ is only worth half of the UK pound so you can only imagine how expensive London is for us !! We got this hotel on a last minute site & were really (surprised ) & pleased with the relatively spacious room ( compared to a lot of UK accommodation ),great bathroom but most of all the location. Across the road from the bustling Carnaby street, & close to Liberty's & all the Oxford Street area shops ie Marks & Spencers ,Selfridges & the most amazing toy shop Hamleys. The only minor complaint was being able to hear quite a lot of noise from the room next door. The staff were friendly, courteous & obliging. We were able to leave our luggage on departure day for collection…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1295-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Good Hotel","What a great location: right at the top of Carnaby Street (for your breakfast, fun and pubs); a block from Oxford Street (for shopping) and a block from Oxford Circus Tube (for your transport).  Pret et Manger and Starbucks right across the road.  We chose the hotel based on Honour Points availability and were very pleasantly surprised by the location and quality of the hotel.    Room was not large, but have stayed in smaller for a similar price in London (as hard as that may be to believe).  During our stay, new 40 inch TVs were installed which answered perhaps the only criticism.  Good heating, hot water and water pressure.  The Front Desk and Concierge desk were pleasant and helpful.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1295-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hilton Courthouse Regent Street,"Stayed on the 23rd to the 25th of November 2012.  Stayed in standard room before and it's too small for me. Stayed in Executive room 221 on the second floor this time. Much bigger and comfortable and very very quiet. I think road facing will be noisy from the traffic. Room has no view but this is typical of inner London hotels unless you stayed at park facing, such as Hyde Park, hotels which I had stayed in but their location is not as good as this Hilton BY A LONG SHOT. Don't confuse this Hilton with the other Hiltons' location. Entrance deceivingly down market but once you turn the corner its fine. Not as luxurious as  other similarly priced 5 stars but the location is so good it more then makes up for it.  It is 5 second to Oxford St and Regent St and across the road is…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1295-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely spa experience,"I recently visited the spa with a friend and we both had a wonderful facial and massage in the hotel spa.    We were allowed to use the gym, pool and sauna as part of our visit  and it was a bit like having our own personal spa for the afternoon as it was empty apart from us.  The facial and massage were the best I've had in a long time, and  the staff were friendly and professional.  This would be a great venue for hen parties or birthday celebrations.  The hotel has a great location and this is a hidden oasis.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1295-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Did not have the 'wow' factor,"I booked a champagne tea at The Courthouse as a birthday treat for my partner. I had hoped that the room in which the tea would be served would be impressive, in the same vein as tea at Claridges or the Ritz. However, the whole experience was rather disappointing and not a patch on tea at Claridges, where you really do feel special. In the end, tea at The Courthouse was rather like being on a conveyor belt. The room was bland, the food (particularly the scones) was distictly average or even poor. The service was OK but I was surprised not to be offered a top up of tea or more sandwiches, etc. Again (and apologies for continually comparing it to Claridges) at Claridges we were looked after much more by the staff and made to feel 'special' with the offer of more tea and cakes…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1295-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",CLEAN-COMFORTABLE-CONVENIENT,"The heading says it all,a few hundred yards from Oxford circus tube station. Opposite Libertys. Just off Regent street and Oxford street, surrounded by coffee houses and restaurants.The rooms were warm and clean with all the extras you would need. A bit pricey but that is what you would expect for this part of London.No problems or grumbles what so ever.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1300-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good package,Obviously excellent location. No problems to report as due to the nice location you spend most of the time outdoors. Staff was friendly and room was comfortable enough. As a hotel is not anything exciting thus keep your expectations low and you will have a good time,Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1300-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special,"Expectations: Considering the price I expected an above average hotel for a business stay.  Hotel: Nice from the outside. Great location. OK decor etc.  Staff: The staff seemed friendly and helpfull.  Rooms: My room was fine and clean. Above average but nothing special. Minor things like a hole in the bathroom wall not really acceptable for a hotel of this standard, but nothing which had a major impact on my stay.  Pools etc.: Not sure.  Amenities: Roof top terrace and a spa? - used neither.  Food & Drinks: The breakfast was not served until 07:00 which I found a bit odd - had to leave at 06:30 to catch my plane - a slight minus. I could of course have chosen room service, but I honestly never thought that breakfast was not available at that time until I stood in the dark lobby…",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1300-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location...","...of the Courthouse by Doubletree is so excellent that the hotel would have to be pretty crappy not to get good reviews! It is not however, in fact, the hotel staff are lovely, the beds are comfortable and the rooms spacious and modern in design. Downers? Perhaps the toiletries, but I am admittedly quite picky. Did not have time to try out the breakfast this time around, but during previous stays it has been fine - and don't forget the Double tree cookie at check in - and we have a winner!",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1300-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Loved every minute of it!!!,"Stayed at the Courthouse on saturday and have to say , loved it. People were friendly and really tried to help ( we had a problem with a taxi driver which the concierge kindly solved ) Rooms are big and the bed is great very compfy. We had tea on saturday afternoon and it could not have been better , good choice of sweet and enough to feed a family. friendly service and nice surroundings. I was a bit hesitant after seeing the comments of some people but now i wonder more if they been to the same place !!! in any case we loved it and would def come back.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1300-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very funny - worst tea experience ever!,"12 of us went for tea and because of the size of our group, even booking in advance, we werent able to be served in the main room. Instead we were given a table on our own in what looked like a gents toilet but was I think the breakfast room. Around the room were stainless steel dishes with labels saying bacon, tomatoe etc. One of our group joked that they had to be left there to hide the urinals!  Tea was poor quailty - shop bought dried up cakes, two small sandwiches each and when we asked for more they looked askance and then took probably 20 mins to find some. We each got one small pot of tea and when we asked for more - Oliver like - the pots disappeared and then came back with more water but no extra tea bag (and of course everyone had someone elses pot - thankfully we are…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1305-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic!,"Thanks to the Courthouse for another great stay, this is the second time I've been back and it won't be the last. Our room was beautifully decorated and very comfortable. It was the biggest and most comfortable bed I've ever had the pleasure of sleeping in! The service was brilliant, reception staff were incredibly helpful and professional and room service was spot on. We also had drinks in the bar on Saturday night, not very often you get to drink delicious cocktails in such unusually glamorous surroundings. Great hotel in a great location, you can't ask for more in central London. Fantastic!",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1305-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Top Notch!,"My girlfriend and I recently stayed at the Courthouse on a Saturday night. We had booked the ""King Large Guestroom"".  The room was perfect. The bedroom was large and warm with nice detail. The king size bed was very comfortable. The interactive TV was easy to use. Besides the bedroom there was a compact lounge area, with comfortable seating, table and television. The bathroom was quite grand and finished in marble. It looked and felt very luxurious. Everything was immaculate and we were very pleased. The staff were great, on arrival and departure. We ordered room service (a late lunch) and we had to wait no time at all for it to arrive at our room.  We ate out that night and had breakfast in the Hotel the next day. The quality and selection of breakfast foods was very good…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1305-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Seriously disappointing,"I won a 2 night stay here, and was looking forward to my luxury stay in the capital. I must say, the people in the hotel were wonderful, and its location was brilliant - opposite Carnaby Street and Liberty's and within limping distance of Regents' Street and Oxford Street.. But the room!! So very glad I wasn't paying for it! I was on the top floor and I don't think the room had been updated for many, many years. Clean, I grant you, but one bedside lamp (so you've either got 10 or more ceiling lights on, or the ancient bedside lamp on - if you can find somewhere to plug it in) and I had to get the maintenance man in to get it working; a kettle that only works on the edge of the desk immediately in front of (and I do mean immediately) the TV, or among the floorlength curtains; a…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1305-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,I recently took my sister for afternoon tea as a treat and was very disappointed.  The only nice thing was the Champagne!!.  The presentation was awful (they seem to have forgotten to cut the finger sandwiches into fingers!!).  The scones were very dry and flat and the fruit in the fruit cake had sunk to the bottom. All in all very disappointing.,Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1305-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",worst champagne afternoon tea I have ever had.,"There was only two types of sandwiches which were dry and the selection of cakes was terrible. There wasn't one that either of us fancied or liked as they looked like dried up offerings. The strawberry tart was a bit of mouse in an overdone bit of pastry, the madeleine had some chocolate poured over it to try to revive the dryness and the biscuit was also a dry crispy offering. While the scones were warm they must of been microwaved as they had gone solid. I have had many afternoon teas as I think its a lovely thing to do for a treat and this is by far the worst I have ever had and it wasn't cheap.",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1310-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great stay, great staff","Stayed here with my husband for a nights stay. There was a warm welcome and a warm cookie which was avert nice touch. The staff were very friendly and helpful, making sure we had an umbrella for the rain.  The room was amazing as was the breakfast in bed. The bar area is very nice and relaxing, bar food and cocktails were of a very high standard.  The location is excellent with shopping, restaurants and bars within walking distance. Thank you to all staff in making this an enjoyable and relaxing stay. We will definitely pass on this hotel as a must stay for anyone visiting London",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1310-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Heck of a deal and a very pleasant surprise,"I booked this as a last resort for one night because everything else near Mayfair was so expensive.  The lobby is a bit tacky with a very underwhelming entrance and I thought, ""Uh oh,"" but what a wonderful surprise when I got to my room.  Extremely tasteful, spacious, quiet.  Location is great too . Couldn't ask for more.  Only complaint is that the wifi signal did not reach my room at the end of the hall (but I could use ethernet, which worked fine. Internet was also expensive but free in lobby).",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1310-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"I stayed at the hotel on a business trip. The location was great as I was working in Hanover street which is 2 minutes away on foot. That was the reason that I picked this hotel and also because it is ""..by Hilton..""  My company booked it and payed for it. As soon as I arrived there the problems started. They told me that they would charge me 250 pounds as a security deposit!!! This has never happened before. As there was no other choice as they told me (deposit or no room) I payed the money. The staff at the reception was no friendly and very cold...as if they did not want to be there....  Anyway... going upstairs I found a spacious nice room, clean and with a huge bed. I thought ... at least I will sleep well. I took my things off the case to tidy up a little and decided to…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1310-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",5 Star Hotel ??,"Wellness area opens at Ten, too late pool too small for swimming and in substandard state of upkeep (lightbulbs Not exchanged, broken tiles, selfprinted laminated paper signs..) Fittness area very small and too warm WLAN only in the lobby, and not working for second day Roms tidy and large enough Service ok, hotel overall not in 5-star state of upkeep",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1310-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Very nice location, very friendly service, warm cookie",The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The room was nice.  iI is in a great location - especially for shopping. Wifi is very expensive (although they have free wifi in the lobby.) Lobby furniture is too low and trendy - and to hard to get up from!!  As part of the Doubletree chain they have nice warm cookies for you every night. Nice tuch.,Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1315-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience - afternoon tea,"Nice to see smiling face welcome. Was worried bout our tea after reading reviews her but within 10 minutes we had our champagne, tea and sandwiches on table. Waitress came along twice to check our feedback. Big size sandwich.. Cake with orange flavor and sultanas & hot chocolate syrup come shape pastry enjoyed a lot...considering previous comment their is improvement... Worth a try !!!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1315-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","silk restaurant- courtroom, nice ambiance !!!","used gift voucher. delicious food, scallops with strawberry were amazing. Indian lamb chops nice delicious. high standard service. waiter was knowledgable. sat on counsellor and solicitor table. will definetly visit in near future and book juries table.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1315-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Elegant & efervescent,"I was surpsrised by my  english friend  to have an amaizing experience in  this fabulous Courthouse  Double Tree by Hilton in London .  Before  scluptural main entrance, we was invited with sharm and elegant stil to step inside, where an athmosfere of luxury , gracious and  best natural furnished sale of guest, the staff of Double Tree waiting for us.. Inside,   in the  intimately  iluminated precincts  we was invited   in a beautifull corner with a small table for  two,    and  benchs, natural skin covered . All of this and tha wall  with  black/white photos  in stil of 60's years decorated  transported  us into an  other world, with  more  quiet and peace. The  reach  and sofisticate menu was acompanied by a very  good smelling tea, the drink  wich   enjoy our soul. In short…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1315-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cannot comment enough!!,"Great, superb hotel.  All the staff especially the front desk staff where very helpfull and accomodating. Nothing was too much trouble even when we asked for dorections and a place to eat. WELL DONE !!",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1315-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea Rip Off,"Just beleive what evryone else has wrote on here, bad service, bad food, bad tea and just a massive dissapointment.  Took my nan for her birthday & couldnt actually beleive how bad it was, even when we complained just got more of the same.",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1320-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A 2 star hotel masquerading as a 4 star,"I am on a 6 night business stay at the hotel & am totally underwhelmed. The locations is absolutely wonderful (at the end of Carnaby St) which is the only reason I haven't checked out. I am just astonished by the lack of customer service.  It seems they haven't registered I'm here for 6 nights & that's an opportunity to impress me with how well they take care of their guests. No one offered to help with luggage when I checked in. I'm on the 6th floor which stinks of tobacco smoke (as does my room) but I wasn't asked if I wanted a non-smoking room. Also, the room looks tired & a bit run down - why not put me in a nice room? I'm here for a week!!   There is also some archaic pre-authorization they insisted on putting on my card when I checked in despite my booking being made…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1320-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great for Afternoon tea!,"We had champagne afternoon tea at this place with my friend and was on the whole very good. It was my first aftenoon tea experience in London so don't have any other place to compare it to but the food, tea and champagne was very delicious and service very relaxed and friendly. Tomas the waiter was very kind and polite to us. I would highly recommend this place.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1320-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dont go for afternoon tea.,"Used a travelzoo voucher for afternoon tea. Very disappointed. Advertised as fine teas, top notch champagne, a choice of finger sandwiches, and a choice of fine cakes and pastries. We did not receive what was advertised. We were given 2 small finger sandwiches. No choice.  We were given overcooked hard pastries, and 1 small square of soggy sponge with a green creamy filling. There was no choice, and it was mostly inedible. The 2 small scones were overcooked, but atleast the cream and jam made them relatively enjoyable.The limited choice of tea arrived as teabags. I wonder what the sweet fizzy wine was? The reviews on this and other internet sites show this is a problem experienced by numerous people and not ""just us"". The experience was not worth anywhere near the deal price,…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1320-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",For shopping in London...it's perfect.,"Ok, I read the reviews & didn't expect much but was quite satisfied here. Room was perfectly clean, big comfy bed, perfectly clean bathroom. Ample space. Decor not old fashioned, just plain. This is not a luxurious 5star, more like 4. If u want luxury or want to enjoy the hotel stay at the egerton house hotel around the corner from Harrods. If u want a good bed good bathroom & want to shop as I did, this hotel is perfect. 5 stars differ. My room had a view of a dirty office block across the way but that's fine I wasn't there for a view & to me that equals a quiet room! The area is pedestrianised nearby but the hotel is on great Marlborough st & accessible to the door by cab. Hotel has a 'car service' which I didn't use instead asked them to order a cab that didn't come....long…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1320-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Keep on coming back for more,"We stayed in this hotel as we were going out for the evening, it is in a very good central location to all bars and restaurants of Soho. Hotel is very clean, tidy and modern, the staff are friendly and our room was also upgraded to executive which was large. The bar is cosy and nicely lit, and very private. The bed was huge and very comfy, the bathroom was nicely decorated. Loved it,  I will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1325-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A disappointment,"I booked this as an anniversary present for me and my wife via Voyage Prive. We received a complementary upgrade to a King room and paid £213 for 1 night b&b. The location is excellent and the history of the building is interesting as a former courthouse where Mick Jagger and John Lennon faced trials...the welcome was also friendly and efficient. However, our room was average at best. The decor was bland and old fashioned, it had a very average bathroom with cheap toiletries and the television was dates with poor reception. I reported this to the reception - who sent the maintenance man up to the room who confirmed the picture was as good as I could get and that they were in the process of upgrading the TV's but had only done the suites thus far. I was given a bottle of wine for…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1325-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea a real rip off!,My friend and I went to the Courthouse last Friday and I must write to say how disappointed we were with it!  It was a 2 for 1 offer but at the cheaper price still a rip off!  The couple of sandwiches were tasteless and the breadsticks so hard you could not break them!  When we complained and asked for more sandwiches another of the same came up.  The scones were smaller than I have ever seen and the cakes were tasteless.  Even the tea had no taste!  all in all a very bad experience and one I would not recommend,Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1325-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Dont listen to the bad reviews!,"To say I was worried to stay here after reading reviews on here is an understatement. I am incredibly fussy and enjoy a high standard of accommodation when away from home. I am not disappointed in the slightest, the courthouse has exceeded all expectations. Fantastic staff and service, warm cookie upon arrival which was so delicious I just requested to have an extra delivered to our room and within seconds 4 arrive absolutely delicious. Thank you to rick for making our stay extra special and to everyone who has read a bad review please don't listen this is a fabulous hotel in the best location, I will definately be back and will recommend you to everyone. The beds are amazingly comfy I could happily stay s very long time it's a shame to have to leave tomorrow. Thanks again…",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1325-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Never a 5* At a push it would be 4*,"Arrived at midday as we had asked for an early check in. Told our room wasnt ready, to come back at 2.00pm. Why offer the service if you cant deliver?  We went wandering and came back at 2.30. Room was ready this time. As we had been on the road since early morning, we decided to have a rest before venturing out. After about 20 mins rest, a man entered the room with out warning. No knock on the door. I chased him out the room and reported this to reception. No idea who this was. Fright of our life, to be honest.  I was told later on that it was a carpet cleaner, checking the carpets. Might have knocked first.  Reception staff apologised and gave us a bottle of wine. I would rather they knew who was wandering about with keys to rooms. Major security risk....  Breakfast in the…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1325-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne afternoon tea so disappointing - don't bother with the offer; it's a rip off,"Really not what we expected, the tea was really disappointing and service was minimal. Staff don't seem to know what service is and are very robotic. The selection of sandwiches is poor - smoked salmon with beetroot and tomato with mozzarella, you could see that they had been made for some time as the bread was hard, scones and cream were good, selection of cakes were very disappointing. Prosecco is served instead of champagne so a real rip off for £35 +service for two",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1330-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Champagne tea,"Very disappointed to say the least!!! Was looking forward to my tea in a '5* Luxurious Hotel' so was expecting something a bit special, not to be the case.  Dry finger sandwiches (2 each) dry scones, didn't eat some of the cakes because they looked so unappealing (bright coloured icing) in fact everything was awful.  Do not waste your money here!!!",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1330-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ok but not for the price,"Hilton Courthouse is in a great location! Step out the door and you are in Carnaby St and 2 steps from Oxford and Regent St. The location is fantastic!  We stayed here while visiting London for the Olympics.  I'm not sure what's its regular pricing is, but it was VERY expensive and not worth the money.  The room was ok, but not 5 star.  It was a bit shabby around the edges.  The breakfast was average.  Despite paying over $1000USD per night they refused to hold our bags at the end of our 6 night stay.  We requested they hold a bag for 3 nights while we travelled up North.  Not only did they refuse but the Concierge was downright rude. He was so rude that we had to walk away and bite our tongues in response to his tone and manner. It left a sour taste at the end of a great trip.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1330-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",a very average afternoon tea,"we had a champagne afternoon tea in the carnaby room in the courthouse doubletree hilton,the staff were nice but the tea itself was very average.two finger sandwiches each.slices of maderia cake,very dull,the strawberry tarlets were more pastry than filling.the scones were tiny and very overcooked and the fruit ones looked like pancakes.the tea was tasty and the champagne was cold.the room was nice clean and modern,but wouldnt recommend the food.hve had much better at other establishments for the same price.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1330-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother booking a vegan tea!,"What a disappointing and disgraceful afternoon tea it turned out to be. I had called twice to make sure that they could provide a vegan tea. What I was offered was 2 minute sandwiches (making up 1 slice of bread) with no butter or margarine, one containing 2 slices of cucumber, the other 2 slices of tomato. Haven't they heard of dairy-free margarine at the Hilton? Then I was given 2 miniscule. dried up  scones with jam - again no dairy-free margarine, and then I was told that I could eat just one of the cakes as all the others had eggs or milk in! Never gain. Also, the staff were foreign and could not completely understand me.",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1330-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A little threadbare but good value,"This Hotel is a little worn at the edges. They need to update beds with new mattresses (which were lumpy in both rooms) and pillows (which where flat as pancakes).  They could also use fitted bottom sheets which would help the beds stay made.  But the location can't be beat. Our room was large with plenty of room for suitcases. The check- in was easy and I found the staff warm, friendly and knowledgable. One night after theatre we had a late dinner in the bar and it was delicious. There was a huge stain on our carpet giving the feeling that they didn't really care or take time to clean the rooms as well as they could have. I would stay there again. But hope for a new mattress and cleaner looking room.",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1335-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel ever I have stayed in,"With no English staff at reception I found it hard to make myself understood,not just at check in over the 3 days I needed to contact them.  The first room they provided was small lacking cupboard space old white towels and a safety deposit box that didn t work as battery was low.I was offered a room swop although bigger again the safe didn t function and old towels......clearly an issue!!  I made 2calls local and the bill was over 10 pounds!!  The portion is central but the hotel is in need of careful management update and more staff whom can communicate very disappointing",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1335-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",I loved this place!,"I usually stay at the Langham Hotel in London but on this occasion there were no rooms at the Inn (well reasonably priced ones anyway!).  I stayed here a few years ago and enjoyed the place and so decided on a revisit!  I wasn't disappointed.  Great location, comfortable rooms (I had a room in the old part of the building over looking Carnaby Street) and great service.  The warm chocolate cookie was scrumptious, I forgot about that touch!  My room was huge and nicely furnished!  The Courthouse is literally the old magistrates court building and there are charming touches in keeping some of the original features alive, including the toilet seats in the individual cells in the bar area....made me smile!!  I am certain that you will not be disappointed staying here so long as you…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1335-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Serena on the desk was incredible!,"The hotel staff really put themselves out for our one night stay! When Serena found out it was my friends birthday, we had birthday cake in the room (because she thought she's spoilt the birthday surprise that I booked my friend in for a facial, she sorted the cake to say sorry, bless!) She then called us in our room to check that we were ok, sorted out a twin instead of a double (which I had stupidly booked by mistake) and helped us sort out our treatments (which were lovely)  Great stay. They were so helpful and the cookie on arrival helped!",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1335-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",5 Star in location only,"We really enjoyed our stay in London but the hotel brought no added value. It is a character building being the converted magistrate courthouse but Hilton are not a character brand and wouldn't know how to make the best of it  The whole hotel experience was similar to a slightly upmarket travelodge.  No one to meet you at the door and take your bags or get a Taxi, no turn down service and a reasonable but dull breakfast offering. These things are not essential to a hotel stay but they are touches in a 5 star hotel that make the experience special. The staff were pleasant and helpful, our room was changed without fuss, our first having copious black mould all over the bathroom ceiling but how could you not notice such a thing. The second room was clean but very dark.  As already…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1335-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great value & location,"Enjoyed our stay here in August 2012.  Our room was in the back and not noisy at all- slept great and had no problems.  Service was great at the front desk- they had our accommodations ready in just a few minutes and we were an early arrival. In fact, Serena gave us a king room instead of a queen which made it even more special.  We ate first night at the Spaghetti House right down the street and had a great meal for a reasonable price.  The next morning we had a light breakfast at the Starbucks nearby (2 right by hotel) which was convenient as we had plenty of touring to do.  Great retail nearby- Liberty's right across the street.  I have stayed in three or four other hotels in London and this ranks as well or above them in comfort, service, cleanliness, and location. Not the…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1340-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Poor afternoon tea,"Went for afternoon tea as part of a Virgin Experience package. Sandwiches and cakes had been standing somewhere for a time as when they were served they were hard and discoloured on the outside surfaces.  One waitress, really uninspiring surroundings.  Wish we were somewhere else.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1340-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Barely location,I had to spend 9 nights with my wife in London and I choose this hotel because of its central location and a minimum area offered for the room. Space in London can become scarce. So even though the price was expensive I figured I had my fundamentals.  This hotel has a big maintenance problem and obviously poor management. On the first day we called the hotel handy man to fix the safe deposit box and the toilet flush. On the second day we discovered the Tv didn't work. I got fixed on the third day but in room movies were never available or were interrupted each 2 minutes. This never got fixed. Bedside lamp broken fell on my face every morning. The alarm clock had life of itself and was set on buzzer at 7 am and broken. Had to dismantle it and never got changed or fixed. One of 2…,Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1340-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,"Location is great. It's across Carnaby, Liberty, and a short walk to the Theater District. It's easy to get to Bond Street, Regent and Oxford St. So all the shopping you want is within a few minutes walk.  The Oxford Circus Underground is just around the corner. We did not experience the noise that the other reviews mentioned.  We were happy with our stay and will recommend the hotel to friends. The staff were all wonderful. Always smiling, friendly, and offers assistance.  The free magazines in the lobby is pleasant bonus. ",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1340-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea! A lovely treat,"We had a lovely few hours here having afternoon tea, lovely sandwiches, delicious cakes, and scrummy scones & delicious champagne served.  A very nice treat  We didn't stay overnight do cannot cement on the rooms.  Service was very good a really nice relaxed atomsphere ",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1340-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"Although booking full price for valentines day we were upgraded to an executive suite and thought that was a lovely touch as we previously stayed in a std double and were happy with that room choice.  We spent the worst nights stay ever and when complaining to management the didn't Want to know.  The room was freezing cold, decor was very 1960's Austin Powers look.  The bathroom heating was not switched on and because it was marble it never warmed up even once I had turned the heating on.  I had a bath in the jacuzzi bath and was horrified to see the water I was laying in was full of black lime scale/mildew,as this obviously hadn't been used or checked for some time.  I complained and was told this would be sorted on my return from my evening meal.  They left the bath full of…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1345-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location,"Soho is my favorite neighborhood in London - great shopping and restaurants.  This hotel is one of my favorites buy is usually pricey!  It is right across from Liberty London, a Starbucks, a good pizza place and near the tube station.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1345-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location!,"The hotel was across from Liberty department store right off of Regent St, equally convenient to Picadilly, Leiseceter Sq, Oxfort Street, shopping, museums, etc. There were many shops and cafes at Carnaby facing the hotel. The staff was very nice and friendly. The room was a decent size and clean. Our room was facing an office building,which was ok because we were never in our roomduringthe day, but at night time when the window was open there was too much noise coming from machines outside. Breakfast was very goos however you had to pay extra for hot food. Overall excellent location and good hotel.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1345-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly situated,"excellent reception, very welcoming, bar: cocktails in the cells are a must,  breakfast: excellent service, good choice of food, but coffee weak, order on room service! or pop out to local coffee shop Liberty is just opposite, very good value for a comfortable weekend in central London,",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1345-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Olympic stay,"Stayed here for 1 week during the Olympics and had the most enjoyable stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful when it came to dealing with requests or getting information regarding attractions. The hotel is a  2 minute walk to oxford circus which has the central line so we were at the olympic park within no time. Very enjoyable stay, we will be back.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1345-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Could be BETTER,"It is in a great shopping area!! BUT NOT TO MY STANDARDS?Being there for over a week,in a small room(which they call it an executive room)when you open the window day or night,your listening to traffic and there is  garbage trucks working and depositing on a regular basis.NOW if you wanted things done you'de have to contact the G/M all the time,and i didn't find that amusing at all?There are no security around at night apart from,staff?It has it's ok status from me!NO i would NOT stay there again being a diamond member. They also charged (park lane)rates when the oly2012 was going on?you had other hiltons which i moved to! paying less than 450 pounds for a ""regular room not executive room""plus my sons room.AND you'de have to plead not to have breakfast charged?""as a diamond…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1350-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",OK,"So first the good -   Was in a nice location if your into shopping, staff tremendously helpful.    NOt so good. awefully expensive (granted it's london and i'm from the US so i was on the wrong side of currency exchange)   Rooms are tiny - again might be cause it's london?  the bathroom i had the biggest issue with. the shower had a tub that was actauly really high. I'm 5,11 so imagine if my wife who's 5, 2 came.. The shower curtain came undone after a while  and lastly the tub has a tilt. which caused me to eat it... i think my head is ok?..",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1350-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Has Potential,"Per the other reviews, this hotel is in a great location in the heart of London, I would stay there again just for that.  I booked a King Size room, which was OK, but not great. It was roomy, but the bed had what appeared to be an old and creaky mattress, not that comfortable. I had requested a quiet room, which I got, but the price I paid was a window which looked out directly into other hotel room windows, leaving the room quite dark and gloomy.  The other issue was that they did not have linen big enough for the king size bed, the duvet was not wide enough, and housekeeping apologized, but that had nothing wider. Other quirks included lobby toilets with lights which did not work in the stalls. The staff were great though and seemed only to willing to try to solve any…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1350-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",really good hotel,hi.....i'm rosario from italy..... i've been to the doubletree for a long w.e....and i have to say that was a great experience...... people there was really friendly and helpfull.....the room was great.....clean tidy and with lot of space........they really know how to treat a client..... thanx guys for everything :D,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1350-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",VERY PLEASANT STAY,"What impressed me the most at the DoubleTree International Courthouse in London was the kindness and the friendly attitude of all the staff I met. Breakfast was satisfactory, though greater selections of pastries and cold dishes is advised. I was on a dinner rate and dinner was really OK. The extra of this Hotel is the location. Unbeatable. Definitely to recommend.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1350-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location,"I had a very nice two day stay here and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone wanting a city break.  Check-in was smooth and they saw from my online reservation that I was a HHilton Honors Gold member.  The warm cookie at check-in is a nice touch.  My room (311) was on the third floor and lovely and quiet. No beeping horns or police sirens all night, that one can get in London. I had a bit of an issue with the air conditioning (or was it the less efficient ""comfort cooling""?); when I checked in the room was 25.5 degrees.  After two days of aircon, it has only drop to 23 degrees. Is this normal? It was just about okay for me sleeping, but two bodies may have found it too stuffy.  I didn't have breakfast either day, so forfeited my complimentary HHonors continental breakfast. I…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
1355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1355-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Needs to up the game but the location is unbeatable,Despite arriving early the check-in staff were happy to find us a room. During the night our room was too hot and despite turning down the a/c there was no change in temperature. Also the room looked straight into an adjacent office building which was ok as we stayed on a Saturday night/Sunday morning but could be obtrusive on a weekday. Breakfast was average and the restaurant is a very uninspiring space. However all the staff we dealt with were very friendly and professional.   Finally as commented on the location is great for central/west London.,Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1355-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, average rooms",Fantastic location for business or pleasure in the heart of London. The staff were very helpful and accommodating especially on arrival. The rooms are quite small with old creaky beds. No free wi-fi other than in reception and charged at SG$30 per day if you want to use it in your room! Not what you expect in this day and age. Overall a good experience and worth staying at if you're on business and don't mind leaving your email connection at the front door.,Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1355-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Unbeatable location, excellent hotel","The warm cookie on arrival was the start of a fantastic stay for my wife and I.  Being a gold hilton member I was upgraded to the large king room and given a continental breakfast for free.  For £4 extra per day per person we were able to upgrade this to the full breakfast.  I've seen better variety of breakfast but this had everything you would want.  Without my gold membership the breakfast would have cost £22 per person which is very expensive.  The room was nice and clean.  Furniture was more like a bedroom than hotel with light wood everywhere, but overall it was fine. The best part of this hotel is the location.  Right opposite carnaby street and 1 min walk from regent street and oxford street made this a fantastic location. The Oxford Circus underground was a 5 min walk…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
1358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1355-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Bit of a mixed bag....,"It's a shame that, despite so many good things going for this hotel, I have had to give it a poor rating. Firstly, the positives - good London location, excellent and attentive staff, lovely bar area (with custody cells!!) and a nice enough room. Unfortunately, our stay was ruined by being kept up most of the night by a) arguments in the street outside the hotel at 1 am, b) rubbish lorries at 3 am in the morning, c) car horns at 4 am in the morning, d) a TV that didn't work properly and e) a thermostat that didn't work at all.  Admittedly, a) - c) weren't the fault of the hotel but if you do decide to stay at the Courthouse, make sure that your room is either not at the front of the hotel or a lot higher than the second floor room we had. We complained about the TV and someone…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
1359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1355-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best hotel in London,Not only is this the best location to stay in London (across from Carnaby St and a short walk to oxford St) but the accommodations were excellent. The rooms were comfortably sized and immaculate. The theater district was steps away and public transportation is right there to go anywhere in London you want to travel to.  Our son had to go to the airport at 4:30 am and they arranged the trip through a private driver and it went smoothly. The concierge staff was excellent! Thomas and Tiago and the others were so helpful.  They went over and beyond to help us.  It was a great end of a trip after 5 weeks traveling through Europe.  We stayed at fantastic hotels throughout europe but probably enjoyed the staff/conceige as the most helpful from all the hotels we stayed at.  We will…,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
1360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1360-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful stay at Courthouse,"First, let me say you wont find a better location for the price then the Courthouse Doubletree, we were walking distance to tons of shops, restaurants and attractions.  The service is top notch and the room was very clean, but a little old and a few things didnt work properly.  We had internet issues, an electrical outlet and phone that didnt work, but the staff was so helpful and took care of all problems immediately.  The cold breakfast was very good, with fish and fresh fruit, but skip the hot buffet, the eggs were cold and powdery tasting.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1360-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location","This is third second visit to this hotel, and while I've read some unfavourable reviews, we've never had any problems with this hotel. It's perfectly located near shopping, nightlife and public transport. Our rooms have been excellent. Decent size, kept perfectly clean and stocked. Both times on one of the top floors.  I mentioned to reception that a cupboard door had a loose hinge, and while it was no problem for us, they might want to look into it sometime. Within an hour it was fixed.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1360-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous location,The hotel is in a wonderful location for exploring the center of London. The old rooms are larger than usual. They need to improve the wifi connectability in the hotel rooms. The staff were extremely helpful and provided a router for our room to try to improve the signal. The value for price is terrific.,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1360-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very good central hotel,"The Courthouse Doubletree on Great Malborough Street London is a very good hotel. Rooms are excellent, modern decoration, comfy beds, spacious and good temperature control system. Avoid rooms at the front if the hotel due to traffic and people use from the road. Breakfast selection was good. We will stay again. ",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
1364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1360-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel centrally located,"The hotel is nothing special, no free wifi in the rooms which are small and poorly decorated. However, for this price is difficult to find an hotel so centrally located, close to underground and all main London's attractions",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1365-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good location ans friendly staff,"I moved from a hotel in Mayfair to this one ans found this one more convenient and the staff were very helpful indeed. Rooms are clean and neat, but water pressure is relatively weak. Everything was ok but I couldnt get any phone reception in my room. Hopefully the next time I'll be able to be able to make calls on my mobile!",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1365-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great room","Most important point: the location was excellent.  Although the hotel was on a quiet street, it was very close to the intersection of Regent Street and Oxford Street at Oxford Circus, and across the street from the famous Liberty Department Store and the even more famous Carnaby Street.  Finally, the stage door for the London Palladium, where the play Wizard of Oz was being performed, was 50 feet from the hotel's front door.  The area had a very nice mix of both expensive and more reasonably priced restaurants, plus some cheaper places for a quick meal.  The hotel had a lovely lobby, with free internet access available, plus a business center with two computers for guest use.  I was most impressed with our room.  We were staying using Hilton points, and we seemed to have…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
1367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1365-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",impressive service coupled with fantastic location,"this was my 1st visit to London and should say that the location of this hotel is truly impressive. The service quality, location and welcome cookie make you overlook the fact that its an old courthouse converted into a hotel of the Hilton family. Spotting a few Bollywood stars was a bonus. The icing on the cake was the fact that I could leave my luggage in the custody of the concierge for around 4 days and venture out without having to worry about it.",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1365-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional service,"I had written a compliment letter to the general manager of this property expressing our satisfaction.  I would like to follow up in a more public forum (albeit a bit late) with a review of this hotel which has exceptional attention to guest service.  After an early-morning arrival from the US at Heathrow, we arrived at the hotel approximately 9 or 10 AM, very tired, as those who have traveled that way understand.  The very friendly front desk staff informed us that our room was not ready yet, but they would give housekeeping priority and have our room ready in 30-45 minutes!!!  I was stunned, and have never had such service from any Hilton family property.  The concierge staff was exceptional during our trip.  I remember that they were helpful for us in finding restaurants that…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1365-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for tourists and shoppers,"Just returned from an overnight stay at this hotel.  Fantastic location opposite Liberty's and next to the stage Door of the London Palladium.  The hotel is a converted Magistrate's Court and has used this concept to keep certain features of its past in the hotel - such as a bar with authentic lockable bars on the outside, as well as 2 holding cells, now used as little chatting areas off the bar.  Breakfast is served in the main court room.  Unfortunately, the coldness of the decor matched the temperature, and I, as well as several other guests were reaching for our coats to keep warm!  The hotel room (Queen bed) was quite basic, decor quite disappointing for a Hilton, but the bathroom was a little more ornate.  Towels were dirty, and replaced by equally dirty ones, and the…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
1370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1370-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great West End Location,"Booked to be close to The Wolseley and for a shopping spree along Oxford Street and this was exactly between and despite the bustling environment the rooms were quiet, spacious and luxurious. Booked through a late booking site but had feeling we paid more than we needed to although it was of top end quality for this type of hotel. Reception staff were attentive and plenty of character in the reception rooms - good hearty breakfast available and late checkout was useful",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1370-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Favourite get away,"The Court House is my favourite London Hotel and has been for over 6 years. My wife and I visit twice a year, generally in January and September have found that the hotel has consistantly met our expectations. We have always had our specific requirements acknowledged from cornflakes in bed for my very pregnant wife at 4am to being upgraded whilst attending to celebrate a special Anniversary or Birthday. I acknowledge that wherever  you travel to their may be the need to take a visit to the reception desk and at this hotel i feel the staff genuinely make an effort to understand the  ""problem"" and not just to offer a quick fix and move on. if you leave this Hotel unhappy then blame yourself for not asking to have your requests addressed.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1370-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent London Hotel,"The hotel is in an excellent location for Central London and great value for money.  I stayed here with my family on a short city break to London, check in was friendly and helpful made us feel welcome from the moment we arrived.   Our rooms were spacious and comfortable, can't fault anything. The room was spotless and had a great night's sleep.  We really enjoyed breakfast the choice offered something for everyone and the staff were very attentive.  Would highly recommend this hotel for a break in London, will definitely return.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
1373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1370-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awsome Location with very accomodating staff,"We traveled to London between Christmas and New Years with our two children (6 and 8) and grandma.  We booked to King rooms and the week before we arrived I called them to request that the two rooms be adjoining (since I didn't feel comfortable having the kids be on a different floor).  When we arrived (great location, close to subway, right across from Carnaby Street, easy walk to Piccadilly Circus) they staff was very accommodating, they had put us in two rooms next to each other at the end of a hallway.  I believe our rooms were upgraded as they were large and very nice. The hotel staff was exceptionally helpful with booking other attractions or recommending restaurants that would allow kids (yes, there are quiet a few in London that do not :-( )  The hotel has a small but…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1370-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cinema Club,"Decided to try the Cinema Club at the Courthouse hotel Doubletree by Hilton in London. What a great way to see a film, very relaxing drink before the film, ample space to sit and choose your seat. (although I'm sure some films are busier than others) It felt like my own private cinema :D Staff extremely helpful, in person and via email when I had any questions. Great central London location, to go on and extend the night futher. Will use again. Mr A  ps I dont work there or know personally anyone who works there ;)",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1375-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Think twice before booking,"I purchased a spa & afternoon tea deal and it was so disappointing. Unfortunately I cannot say anything positive about the experience. From the rude and unhelpful staff at reception, to the poor quality treatments, followed by stale scones. It's just not what you would expect from a Hilton. We had to dry ourselves with our robes instead of being provided towels and when I asked for toilet paper I was given a box of tissues and the toilet roll was never replaced during our stay. A complete waste of money for what was still a relatively expensive deal at £89 for 2 people. I really would see what else is around in the area before you book. Simply wouldn't want others to waste their time and money or spoil a lovely occasion as was the case with us.",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
1376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1375-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great staff, hotel, and location",The hotel is in a great location and the amenities were excellent. Breakfast was just what I expected and the staff were always willing to help. This will be my hotel again when I am in London.,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1375-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Improvements Courthouse Doubletree,"I went back to London two weeks ago and stayed at the Courthouse Doubletree Hotel because of the great location. Our last stay there was a very good one. This time it was excellent. I love to go back to a hotel and find out if they have improved in certain areas where there was room to make it better. This is the case with this hotel. Not only the location is great but the staff and management, clean rooms and friendly staff. They really made us feel we were ""welcomed"". They gave us a nicer room - it was very clean and the bar had a nice vibe going on. There was a convention happening in town and the whole place had lots of activity.The restaurant was busy and the food was great -the staff as always is very friendly and they recommended several spots to really get the vibe of…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
1378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1375-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic stay,"It’s the second time we stayed in this hotel and again we had a wonderful time. The welcome was great and the receptionist even remembered us, we were given a wonderful room which was very clean and spacious. The staff is very helpful and nothing is too much trouble. The location is superb and the concierge helped to book a nice restaurant in the area.  We are looking forward to our next stay.",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
1379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1375-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great return visit,"Back at the Courthouse this year on a leisure trip. Good to see the same faces at the reception desk. Check in was great , still doing the cookie. Had a drink on the roof terrace on Tuesday which was good, cocktails are great and its very quite , considering you in london. The vieuw is not the best , but did enjoy the little sun we had. All in all again good to be back , love the hotel , especially the people and the location. keep it up!",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1380-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location but, the mice....","I loved the location of this hotel. The staff were friendly and I loved the prison cell feature in the bar area. However, I had a business meeting in the bar area during the day as it was quiet and in that time we spotted three mice having a merry old time around the floor. I drew the attention of the staff and they walked around with a dust pan, as if it were a regular occurrence. Honestly, for the two night I stayed there I didn’t sleep comfortably t with thoughts that a mouse could run across my face at any time.  The room was adequate but small and I found the selection of food for the buffet breakfast to be a bit disappointing.  If this was a 3-star hotel I would have giving it a better rating; but if I was expecting a 4 or 5 star experience and the hotel feel far short of…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
1381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1380-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, but ""5 Star"" operated like a 2 Star","First, I must qualify myself by saying I am a long time Hilton Honors member and stay at hotels 50-70 nights per year, over half of which is in the Hilton network (Hilton, Doubletree, Waldorf, etc). I am a Hilton fan so I enter the properties with a glass half full approach. Additionally, over 50% of my stays are in London.   I recently had my second stay at the Doubletree Courthouse and I can say without doubt it will be my last. There were just too many issues from both stays which I felt were indefensible for a supposed 5 star hotel or even a 3 star for that matter.  First I will say the positives: The hotel has a great location if you want to shop and be somewhat  in the center of it all. Oxford, Regent, and Bond Street are all right there and the connectivity of the…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
1382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1380-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting hotel in fabulous location,This hotel is in the most convenient location with a quirky and original bar and reception area.  Check in was painless and Room was well appointed with good well lit mirror. Will use this hotel again. ,Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
1383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1380-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location...,"Stayed for 4 nights the last week in May.  Great location about a 3 minute walk from the Oxford Circus Underground.  A Marks & Spencer is a block away.  Lots of shops and restaurants.  There's a Pret a Manger across the street.  The hotel itself is very poorly marked.  Only a very faded flag a story above indicated it was a Doubletree, or even a hotel.  Asked for early check-in due to early flight arrival from the U.S., and we were able to check-in around 9am.  The front desk staff and concierge were very welcoming and helpful through out the stay.  The hotel appears a bit worn, and the carpets could certainly use replacement.  The hallway reeked of smoke, but the room did not.  It was reasonably clean, but small by American standards.  It was fairly quiet.  The bathroom…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
1384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1380-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We went here for afternoon tea during our stay in London for the Jubilee weekend.  What a disapointment!!!! We had purchased a Groupon voucher and it wasn't worth the price of that so thank god we hadn't paid full price.  They brought us the tiniest cups of coffee ever, 2 mouthfuls and they were gone.  The food was terrible we got 2 tiny sandwiches each, which wouldn't have even been 2 slices of bread and the cakes were out of packets, they were boring and dry like they had been left out. We didn't bother to each most of it, it was so disappointing!!!",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
1385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1385-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not consistent with other Doubletree venues,"Visited with my husband with a Virgin Experience voucher for Champagne afternoon tea. We had a warm welcome and they changed the sandwiches for us as we don't each fish which was good. Good range of London Tea Company teas. However, the scones were dry and the cakes really disappointing. There were two Victoria sponge type cakes each, a profiterole, mini coffee cake and chocolate gu in pastry. They were the types of things that you buy in a packet from the supermarket...not special or particularly tasty. They were all a bit dry. Having been to The Wolseley for afternoon tea, this comes nowhere near. Having been to the Doubtree at Tower Bridge, the standard of the venue was disappointing.",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
1386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1385-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Central Location,"We spent 4 nights there May 12-16 and were very please with the hotel.  The rooms were imaculate, it was quiet, a perfect location, lovely breakfasts.  We just thought it was a great value to be right in the middle of everything the tourist might want!  Theater, resaurants, shopping and 3 blocks from Oxford Circus Tube Station.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1385-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel but not so lovely food,"We were welcomed by lovely staff. We had a nice room, clean & comfortable. Bad view looking down on an alley at d back of river island but it's to be expected in central London. Although I will say we heard no noise from anywhere even though it was beside a west end show in the palladium & across from a busy irish pub :) breakfast was poor, the scrambled egg couldn't even be eaten by my husband who is in no way fussy. The sausages looked pale so I didn't even try them. The bacon was ok as was the beans & mushrooms & the continental was fine. We dined in the carnaby 1 nite the steaks were nice & chips but the sauce served with it was horrible. It was called peppercorn sauce but it tasted like vinegar with a few peppercorns floating in it. The soup was cream of mushroom but there…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1385-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful and relaxing day spa!,"Me and my Mum decided to have a girly day of pampering! I had already been to the Sanook Spa once before and because of the great service and wonderful treatments i had, decided to take my Mum back there to spoil ourselves!   We had such a lovely day, our massage was just beautiful! One of the best i have ever had! The same with the facial! The staff were professional and they knew what they were doing!   I believe this place is worth the money and i would recommend it to anyone! I'm considering going back in for another facial, i left with my skin feeling so fresh!   Afterwards we went up to the Hilton Restaurant for afternoon tea, which was a lovely experience! One to add to your spa package!!   Overall i was more than happy with the treatments i received with this Day Spa!",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1385-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed our stay!,"We stayed at the Courthouse DoubleTree from May 1 - 10 with Hilton HHonor's points. As previous reviewers have said the location can't be beat. Right next to the Oxford Tube station that quickly takes you all over London in minutes. If you're a big shopper you'll be in heaven, next to Oxford Street and Mayfair, probably some of the best shopping in the world. It felt more like a boutique hotel than the standard Hilton or Doubletree hotels. All the staff, from the check in to check out, to the knowledgeable concierge who gave us accurate and friendly advice, were top notch. Housekeeping was excellent, all our requests answered quickly and easily. We stayed in room 117, on the first floor near the elevator. Our room became our little sanctuary after a busy day of sightseeing. The…",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1390-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Below Hilton standards,"We visited London during the new year period and were prepared for a festive transition from 2011 to 2012. On arrival our room wasn't ready and we were ""upgraded"" to one of the oldest rooms in the hotel. Romantic as it may be, it was a cold room undone of modern comfort. Breakfast was below Hilton standards, the breakfast area was way too crowded and noisy which made us decide to have breakfast outside of the hotel. Enough options there for a better quality at better price. All in all our stay was dissapointing.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1390-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful day out,"I surprised my fiancee by treating us both to a spa and treatment day at the Sanook spa followed by afternoon tea. From the moment we arrived until the moment we left we felt very well looked after. My fiancee had a wonderful birthday and I enjoyed the spa and treatment too : ) Joe and Natalie the the beauty therapists were second to none. None of our previous massages come close to the experience we had today. The ladies were both very attentive, friendly and sweet to us both. Thanks Joe and Natalie for making the day extra special. Highly reccommended. We'll certainly be back and hope to see you again and experience the same treatment. The afternoon tea was fantastic too - thanks Christopher (very professional) and the team.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1390-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","lousy security, unforgiveable customer service","I have stayed in this hotel on multiple occasions, I like the location though at night it can be noisy, the rooms are quite small and the breakfast is so-so. However on the last stay, I had a pretty awful experience. I was exhausted after a 12 hour overnight flight, followed by a 6 hour business meeting.  I went to sleep about 9pm, and was awoke at midnight by a person in my room.  After persuading the person that he was in the wrong room, I double locked the door and went back to sleep. In the morning I complained .... nothing. I checked out 2 days later and complained ... nothing. I wrote an email ...... nothing. I wrote another email, got a response from the manager who states 'we checked the detailed records associated with your lock, and could not find any record of an…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
1393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1390-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"My experience at the Courthouse Doubletree by Hilton was extremely disappointing. The location was about the only positive thing about the hotel. When I arrived I had a reservation for a room with a Queen Sized bed, but since I arrived late at night and because I am a small girl that was travelling with a backpack only (despite being in London on business), they put me in a very tiny corner room in a bed that can only be described as a cot. The overhead lights were burnt out, the wall had paint missing, and the bed was barely large enough to be comfortable for my 5' body. There was no desk, and there is no free wi-fi in the entire hotel. I complained and they begrudgingly moved me to a better room the next day, but this experience ruined my entire time there. I must say,…",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
1394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1390-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fab location and nice hotel,I am not sure you could get more central. It makes it especially pleasant on a Sunday when you can stroll around before the crowds arrive later afternoon. Everything on your doorstep. The reception and bar and welcoming and the rooms of a good standard. It's not blow you away 5 star it's just a good hotel. I did have a problem with the room which was an issue 3 times and the staff gave the impression they were disassociated with the issue which was quite disappointing so you we left feeling you were just another insignificant guest passing through. I ordered room service which arrived with an error but they change it straight away and the food was good.,Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
1395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1395-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A Great Find,"We really enjoyed our stay here and would thoroughly recommend it. First impressions were great, interesting entrance, bags carried into reception. Extremely helpful staff at the front desk. Our room was large and extremely bright and airy - much bigger and brighter than I expected for central London. Bathroom was great - constant hot water, great shower, good lighting. And the location, for us, was excellent, opposite Carnaby street and just a hop from Covent Garden and the theatre district. We'd definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1395-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding Location and Service,"Not your normal Hilton as this is a converted Courthouse, but it makes for an interesting stay. It also means it is not a ""coporate"" style hotel and is quite unique. The staff here go out of their way to make you feel welcome and are always on hand to help and a special mention has to go to Sahil on the front desk who is a credit to this hotel. Service is great and location could not be better being next door to the Palladium and 2 minutes to Oxford street and Regent Street. If you are looking for a good 4 star hotel, in a perfect London location....the Courthouse Doubletree has it all",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1395-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",World Photo London Trip,"An excellent hotel! I enjoyed every moment of my eight nights here. It was conveniently located; across the street from Carnaby Street, and around the corner from the underground station. The room was great! Roomy and very clean. The staff was exceptional. I would certainly stay there again and would recommend it to anyone staying in London.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1395-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Magnificent,"Currently sat on the train on the way home from London having been massively impressed by the Courthouse Doubletree for 5 nights. Me and my girlfriend booked a queen room with breakfast and the Courthouse gave us everything we were looking for. The location is perfect. Within walking distance of everything you need in London and on the doorstep of Oxford Street, Regent Street and Picadilly Circus. Another aspect of the hotel that impressed us was the breakfasts. We are talking salmon, pastries and top quality hot food here - not cold sausages and dry bread! The room and hotel in general were great - clean, modern inside and also keeping some of its original Courthouse features. In terms of the customer service we received I only have positive feedback. There was no line to check…",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
1399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1395-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location - Everything else...eh...ok,"Location is great, right in the heart of busy shopping district A few steps from some great eatery and easy access to the subway  My stay was for business but figured I'd share my experience (+)   - Location is great - Front Desk and Concierge was courteous and very helpful (I didn't have pounds to pay for taxi so they paid on my behalf and just charged to the room) - Room is clean and comfortable - nice furniture and lots of areas to sit and put stuff on - Good breakfast  - warm and standard buffet style with good selection - Nice lounge area and has a bar  (-) - Bathroom is not very functional (BUT LOOKS NICE) - I asked my colleague and he agreed: The lighting the bathing is bad (very dark) Shower temperature kept changing while you showered (ouch! burn or oooh! cold) Shower…",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
1400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1400-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Went with my friend for a special deal for Afternoon Tea.  Not very special - very sparse sandwich selection, the rest made up of ordinary cake.  The trouble is that most places don't know what Afternoon Tea is all about other than the extortionate price that they can charge for it.  It's about the bone china cups that are so thin you hardly know you are holding them.  It's about the tiny delicious delicate little offerings served on a beautiful cake stand - and a lovely piano playing in the background to serenade you as you sip  (The Lanesborough Regent Street - worth every penny).  It's about all of these things together.  Afternoon Tea is never going to be value for money; it is an experience.  The trouble is that not many establishments know that and continue to serve up tea…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1400-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hard to Find but Worth It,"The location of this hotel is perfect as you have almost everything you could possibly want or need within a block of this hotel, there are several restaurants across the street, M&S (department store) down the block and a lot of stores on Regent Street.  The negatives are this is a crowded location and the hotel is difficult to locate (signage is VERY small) I found the location too far out way the negatives at this location, plus the concierge was extremely helpful (probably one of the best I have encountered in my travels) I would stay here again without hesitation.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1400-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location But Not Worth The Price,"I have stayed at many hotels in London and chose this hotel for the location - and for that we were spot on.  Carnaby street was right out the front door - lots of choices for retail, food, drinks.  We walked in and a company (O2) was having a meeting there - the front entry hall, which is small to begin with, was crowded with the check in desk.  Then, when trying to get on and off the elevator, they were in our way and acted like we were putting them out to step aside.  The paying hotel guests should not feel put out by a 3rd party.  Check in was friendly but not complete - being a gold member I get free wifi - went back to the front desk to get it and the clerk (a different one from check in) gave me an attitude.  On top of that, it didn't work in my room - only in the lobby. …",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
1403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1400-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",SPA/AFTERNOON TEA,My friend and I had a spa treatment and afternoon tea.  We both had a facial done by Jo and Natalie.  We found the therapists to be professional and friendly.  We were both very pleased with our facials.  They even showed us the cells that used to be used years ago.  Hence the name Courthouse.  Afternoon tea was very enjoyable too.  Only one thing we had to wait quite a long time for it.  Overall very enjoyable.,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
1404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1400-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Purfect location and excellent service,The location is excellent and the hotel is all you would expect from Double tree Hilton. Will be using this hotel in the future and would advise any one wanting a Westend hotel to stay there   Staff are excellent,Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1405-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,A Friend and I had managed to obtain a reduced rate of £35 for afternoon tea. We arrived promptly and was seated in the Carnaby Restaurant of the Hotel. It is not huge and was not too busy yet it took the waitress 15 mins to acknowledge that we were still waiting to be served even a drink. The staff were not friendly and did not smile which in their line of business is quite odd especially in the present economic climate when you would hope to have return business and recommendations. The drinks finally arrived and so did the sandwiches which consisted of half a sandwich each made up of two different options. The cake selection was ok with some nice treats but all in all probably amounted to £5 worth of food and drinks. We were not impressed and would not return even on another…,Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
1406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1405-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic location...great hospitality!,"We booked this hotel primarily for it's unbeatable location in the heart of London's West End. Carnaby Street is literally on your doorstep, Oxford Street and Regent Street are paces away, Soho and Theatreland are within easy walking distance...as are Piccadilly Circus and Trafalgar Square. A wonderful surprise was to discover that the building was a working courthouse until the '80's, and many of the original features have been incorporated into the design of the hotel...check out the ""holding cells"" in the hotel's bar, and the Press Room (where Charles Dickens actually worked when he was a reporter!), which is now the breakfast room...a light and airy atrium, serving an excellant selection of hot and cold breakfast choices. As this is a Grade II listed building, some of the…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1405-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Luxury in a great central location,"Fantastic location round the corner from Oxford Circus Station (walk down Argyll Street past the Palladium if you want to avoid Regent St!) right opposite the start of Carnaby Street (I can also recommend the Kingly Court courtyard area here for its boutiques and bars and restaurants). Impressive reception area, nice bar inside, grand breakfast area (called The Waiting Room!). Upgraded to King Room - great size, love the frosted window in the bathroom round the mirror that also lights up the bedroom when the bathroom light is on! Furniture was slightly marked and showing signs of use and age but overall really nice. Love the hot cookies on check in - nice touch! Very friendly reception staff (yes thats you Bianca!) and helpful concierge, overall an excellent hotel. Would…",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1405-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Had a most enjoyable stay last week, 5 nights. The Hotel surpassed expectations and all credit to the friendly and helpful team at checkin and housekeeping. The King room located facing a quiet internal courtyard was spacious, light and well maintained. Nice Crabtree Evelyn bath amenties too. Great location across the street from Liberty and close to the shops and restaurants of Soho, Regent St, Oxford St, Mayfair, Chinatown, walked everywhere. Also very close to bus and tube. I have no hesitation in recommending the Courthouse Hotel to friends and colleagues and I also look forward to returning again soon.",Date of stay: April 2012,5.0
1409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1405-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location.,We got a special room rate so our value for money was very good. Spa treatment was not good. Expensive and short time. Breakfast was very average. Hotel was clean and most staff very pleasant. Would use again but breakfast out. ,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
1410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1410-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent Location , Great reception area and bar, Nice Staff at Reception","Location is without doubt fabulous! Five star front of house area,  Staff at reception were very friendly, extremely  helpful and professional.  however the first room shown was a disgrace for a  five star hotel , the carpet were filthy and badly stained. The room itself was clean and was a good size , terrible view onto the back streets.   I requested to be shown another room , which was equally as bad, the carpet were also filthy and stained. Eventually we were shown a room with clean carpets ( it was also King room - so upgraded) , albiet still an awful view on to the back streets .  We were woken very early by the bottle pick up!  Breakfast was taken in the courtroom  , which I personally did not like.  For a Hilton the breakfast was pretty average , thought the scrambled…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1410-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Unexpected Tranquility,"We stayed at this hotel for nearly a week and thoroughly enjoyed it. Great location, large room (for London) with a v comfy bed, v dark and quiet due to a view of the internal courtyard. Free wifi provided and friendly and efficient staff. Only slight niggle was that breakfast was only adequate with too little choice and with too many people squished into a small room.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1410-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Expensive, but some things are worth paying for :)","I loved this hotel. It's beautiful, staff are great, food is fab & it's history is intriguing! Specially if your a Stones fan :) You put your foot out the door & onto Carnaby street, your also facing Liberty's. So smack into shopping central. Lots of bars & restaurants on your doorstep & because of this, no need for taxi's or the sweltering underground. I love London, and for me this is London at it's best.",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
1413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1410-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",location is everything,"Excellent location, you can walk to every major point in Soho/West end within 10 minutes. Our room automatically upgraded to a 'King' because it was our anniversary, was comfortable and quiet but there was a faint and peculiar smell every time you entered it, which I believe is because of a fault with the bathroom ventilation system, as I found the same smell in the public restrooms on the ground floor. Breakfast was good, but there were no fried eggs on display and the kitchen is behind closed doors so it's impossible to have rapport with the chef and order what you want, unless you speak to one of the waiters. Our room had an opening sash window with easy outside access that couldn't be locked! I would probably use it again but only for the location.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1410-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Location, location, location","Location is perfect for central London.  Convenient to the underground, shopping and restaurants.  Next to a Marks & Spencer which is perfect for a quick snack or lunch. Loved the hotel.  Got upgraded so had a lovely room with a nice view and big bathroom.  Good continental breakfast which was included in our stay.  Wifi connection was bad and we had trouble with it.  ",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1415-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",very good location,"close to carnaby street,and oxford street and all the main shopping,very good breakfast and the rooms are not bad either,bit expensive but what do you expect for central london. recommend to anybodyand would use again. stayed 1 night in march,try it for yourself.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1415-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",So well placed for hitting the West End shops and theatre land,"I stayed here on my own for 1 night for a hen do. It was great. No queue on check-in, given a room on the 1st floor by the lifts. I spent the afternoon shopping and the location is perfect: pretty much opposite Liberty and 30 secs away from Regent Street. Selfridges was a 10 min walk too. Upon my return I ordered room service and my meal was delivered 10 mins later by a very courteous member of staff. £16 for a cheeseburger and chips and a diet coke. Bed was comfy as well. I had breakfast in the Waiting Room which was not included, but cost £10 for eggs benedict which was wonderful. Totally recommended.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1415-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Average hotel, but a great location","The good:   Location - Close to Oxford and Regent Streets, Carnaby Street right out the front door, and Oxford Circus tube very close by.   Quiet - Despite the location, very quiet, and I could sleep with my window open at night. Staff - Quite pleasant and helpful.    The average: Room - Had all the basics, but not many extras.  TV got only a few channels and they were all fuzzy.  Bathroom was typical British with a half wall for the shower, so it was easy to get water all over the bathroom.    The bad: Odor - Room smelled bad, particularly one of the closets.  Had the staff up several times to spray air freshener, but nobody ever tried to solve the problem permanently.   Internet - 15 pounds per day for Internet, and you can only use it with one device at a time (if you can…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
1418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1415-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",At these prices don't settle for a shoddy room,"This is a hotel that wins on location (especially for the London Palladium) as it's very central and easy to get to (Victoria Line willing). The first room we were given was small and very poorly furnished. The wardrobes surrounded the head of the bed, there were no bed lights and what could have been used for a bedside area was the other side of a panel of wood. We were given a room change without any fuss and this made me wonder why we were given the shoddy room in the first place. The breakfast was excellent and the hotel has a fascinating history. I would stay there again.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1415-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best location in London!,"I stayed here with my daughter for a weekend of shopping and West End theatre.  The location, right at the top of Carnaby Street, couldn't have been better!  The staff were really friendly and I enjoyed the charm of staying in a smaller hotel.  We just wished we had remebered our swimming cossies to take advantage of the inviting pool in the basement  Hope to be back soon (with our swimsuits!).",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1420-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, helpful staff","The rooms were spacious for Central London and nice marble in the bathrooms. The concierge was outstanding and helped me several times with more difficult requests like where to find a FedEx to ship to the US, and times of the Gatwick Express. The food at the restaurant wasn't great and the signage at hte hotel made it hard to find the first time, otherwise I'd rate it five stars.",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
1421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1420-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, superb service, very professional",Stunning hotel  with first class service nothing was too much trouble. Very comfortable room with huge comfy bed.  Location was perfect front of the hotel faced the end of Carnaby Street. Can not comment on food didn't eat there but plenty of restaurants close by. Would stay here again without a doubt. Well done Courthouse doubletree Hilton  When in London we will be back.,Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
1422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1420-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"Stayed here for just one night.  Location Excellent.  Hotel Good (Could have been better for the price paid, but it's central london so you end up paying over the top for average hotels).  We was in a good, large room looking out from the front of the hotel, with a big fireplace.  It was a bit like staying in someones living room, but converted into a bedroom.  It was a bit different to normal hotel rooms so that was a bonus, but I think this was the exception because most rooms seemed to be in the more modern block at the back.  Breakfast was good with plenty of choice.  Recommended,  I would willingly stay here again, but if i got a good deal at another hotel it would probably be enought to persuade me to try a different hotel, rather than thinking i must come back to this one.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1420-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty decent hotel - but the aircon noise!!!,"Excellent location for shopping and only a few minutes from Oxford Circus tube station. Loads of pubs and restaurants around - but look beyond the main street frontages if you want to find something that isn't premium tourist priced!  The hotel itself,  looks just fine. I'd expected a ""cheap"" Hilton,  but the quality was just as good as any other Hilton hotel. Very helpful concierges who outshone the rather surly reception staff. The room was fine and a remarkably large size given a very central London location, but my room (116) had an awful noise from the aircon or something outside the window,  so much so that I left the tv on all night to drown the constant humming out.  Oh,  and the bar looks fine,  but doesn't sell any draught beers than Guinness - but there are plenty of…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
1424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1420-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Day Spa and Afternoon Tea Dissapointment,"I booked a day spa and afternoon tea deal for two on travelzoo at this hotel, and admittedly it was cheap at £89.00 for two people which included an hour long massage or facial.  However it very soon became apparent that it was a cheap deal because the facilities were pretty poor / shabby and crammed into a tiny space in the basement. We arrived late morning and made our way down to the ""Spa"" which consisted of a tiny entrance hall, one treatment room with two beds, a tiny changing area with one toilet and shower, a small pool and sauna and a ""relaxation area"" that had two loungers overlooking the pool, there was also a small area with some gym equipment, the only other seating was two shell shaped chairs overlooking the pool.  Given we counted 8 other guests who appeared to…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
1425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1425-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A wonderful birthday,"The hotel is well appointed for central London shops, theatres and the metro system being 5 minutes from Oxford Street tube station and under 15 from Picaddily Circus. The welcome by the staff was friendly and efficient, as it was my birthday then even gave us 4 cookies and applogised that they had no candles! We arrived early and as the room was already prepared, we were allowed to check in early (10am). Rooms are quiet, clean and well fitted out. This is the second time I have stayed and I will return. Thanks.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1425-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",great for shopping,"One of the best things about staying here was the valet parking, there is a small charge, but if you stay on Sat night on the Sunday parking is free right outside the hotel and they even brought the car around for us. The hotel is ideally placed for Oxford/Regent street shopping and we walked to the theatre, great to be so close to everything. Staff were very helpful especially when we could not work out how to hire one of 'Boris's bikes ! There is a docking station opposite the hotel. Food was good, rooms nice, my only problem was that I had booked 2 rooms as we had teenage children with us and the rooms were on different floors, I did not know until we arrived so too late to do anything about it. I would have liked to have been together. But all in all we had a lovely time and…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1425-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",found my hotel in london,"we stayed at this property in february for pleasure- theatre, shopping and museums. this is definitely the best hilton i have stayed at in london, both in terms of the service, cleanliness, ambiance and location. for starters it is relatively small-117 rooms, second it is wonderfully located- right across Liberty and the Carnaby street. everything is a few steps away, from the museums we visit, to shopping at oxford street that my daughter loves, to the threatres and restuarants of the carnaby street. our room was very quiet, it faces some kind of a wall but that is ok, the room was pretty decent size- not as large as the one we had at metropole hilton but it was sufficient, the bathroom was also clean and without problems.  the business centre-2 computers with a printer-…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1425-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best Hotel By Far,Excellent hotel with friendly staff and lovely food  ,Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1425-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but can be noisy,"Stayed here again for the third time and still impressed. Staff are very friendly and helpful. Continental breakfast for Gold members is free with only a £4 upgrade for full English. The location is right near Oxford Circus for underground, shopping and West End. Our bedroom was on the first floor, 107, this overlooks the goods delivery area for a number of Oxford Street stores and delivery trucks started at 6 am.",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
1430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1430-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A Great Place to Stay,We visited London last summer and our first necessity for an English hotel was air conditioning so we stayed in a Hilton.  This hotel used to be a British courthouse and it still retained some of those interesting features as well as air conditioned rooms.  Like all British hotels it had small closet space but that was a minor inconvenience.  It was situated so well....right across the road from Liberty of London and across the way was an Au Bon Pain that was open almost all the time.  It was convenient to the Tube at Oxford Circus and had a reasonable restaurant.  The staff was aimiable and we had a delightful London visit.,Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
1431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1430-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice quality and location,"As other reviewers have stated this is a great location and quality experience. The hotel is slightly cold in the sense of internal architecture with stone corridors and safe rooms, reflecting its heritage. The rooms were contemporary and well fitted out with  nice bathroom and accessories with good lighting, sofa and good desk working area.   Front desk staff were very helpful and well trained. The bar was very busy at nighttime (a good sign). Its recommended.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
1432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1430-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location-Great service,"Hotel is at the end of Carnaby St-very nice. Staff was very friendly and offered excellent advice, especially on getting to the Airport on our last day. Internet was down for first full day, but they were as helpful as they could be. There is a Tube station just around the corner and a Boot drug store a block away. Piccadily square is a short 10 minute walk along Regent. Make sure to stop by Hamby's Toy store along the way. There are a couple of nice places to eat nearby or for take-away. If we go back to London, definitely will want to stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1430-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent hotel, perfect location. Lovely service, bar and room!","Stayed at this hotel for one night during a short break in London. Located very conveniently opposite Liberty department store, just off Regent St, this is a true gem.  I stayed on a Hilton HHonors rewards night stay here in a room on the 1st floor. Beautiful decor and a lovely bar serving many lovely cocktails. Attentive and professional service - the man at the front desk when we checked-in gave us free cookies as we'd had a bit of a nightmare getting through London. Bless him! The concierge was also great.  The room was very comfortable and of a very good size. Will DEFINITELY stay here again. Thanks Courthouse!",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
1434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1430-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very attentive,"Stayed for just one night with a friend and from the moment we arrived we were well looked after. Called by our names straight away we felt like we were old timers there.  Room was small but well equipped and clean and breakfast was great too. Bar prices higher than we would normally expect but it is in a great setting.  Can't fault the service, we were given umbrellas as we went out (as it was raining) and that was a nice touch.  Would recommend to others and would stay again.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1435-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Noisy rooms, VAT and mice!",So we booked the Hilton for a nice stay in London to got the theatre. Upon arrival the level of English of the staff was quite poor but this is to be expected in London nowadays. We were booked into room 116 and although the rooms are quite nice and clean there was a terrible loud buzzing noise coming through the walls. I don't know if it was the lift or the machinery outside the window but it was nonstop and very annoying. Admittedly I am quite a light sleeper but this noise was even too much for my partner to bear. We rang reception and asked for a change of rooms to a nice quiet one and with what seemed like a great effort were allocated a room on the 4th floor. We thanked them and we agreed to meet a staff member there in 5 minutes. Lo behold not only was there no one to…,Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
1436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1435-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",More and more and more,"Loved this hotel. It’s clean and right in the center of London, the staff is very friendly, My room was quiet although we were next to Oxford Circus. We opted for the afternoon tea which was great , love the chocolate cake. Will be back!",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1435-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A New year stay,"We were bought a night here by my mum for christmas. I really was not sure about staying here after reading some of the reviews, however we were pleasently suprised.  We asked to check in early as we were going to see shrek at the theatre and they kindley let us check in early. Also on check in they advised us we had been upgraded to suite!  We were on the first floor, with a good sized room and beautiful king sized bed, and a great jacuzzi bath. The decor is slightly dated however given that it used to be a courthouse, i suppose that it fitted in with it's history. It had a great location just off oxford street and regent street opposit Liberty department store.  All round a good stay, but not sure I would have paid as much as my lovely mum did for a one night stay.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1435-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",reservation cancelled,We have had our reservation at this hotel inexplicably cancelled without warning. A terrible way to run a hotel and we will not be staying here or at any other Hilton hotel as a result.,Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
1439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1435-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic location, less certain about value","We stayed here for a New Year break, on Hilton points. If I'd paid ""real money"" I'd probably be a bit less generous in this review. We didn't have any of the issues with the staff others seem to have. Checkin/out staff were very helpful as was the concierge. Barstaff also (but more of the bar later).  Comfortable room with very comfy bed. It's a complex building in an area without views as such, so you won't get a view. But the upside is it's very quiet. We like that.  The limitations of the building show in the bathrooms a bit - odd layout, using the shower over the bath means mopping up afterwards.  The breakfast room is small but airy, with a decent buffet (but space limits the selection they can put out, so it's not the best Hilton breakfast you've ever had). If I was on a…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
1440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1440-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Hard to find hotel, but great location","The hotel is well located and close to the Oxford Circus tube station, but hard to find (we walked by it 3 times) and finally had to call for directions.  It is at the end of Carnaby street and looks like a courthouse (hence the name), but the entrance is very understated.  Look for the faded doubletree flag flying over the building as a tip off.  We found our room small but comfortable and the bed hard.  The water temp of our bathroom always started hot, and you would need to run it on the cold setting for it to cool off, very strange.  We called the desk, someone came up but they could not fix it.  The staff was so-so.  While they were always pleasant, they first gave us the wrong room key which surprised the current room occupant.  So keep your door locked.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1440-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel and Location,"Stayed for two nights 29-30 Dec. Superb location for shopping on Oxford Street and Carnaby Street. Only five min walk from Oxford Circus Tube station. Room was spacious and clean, staff were polite and attentive. Would highly recommend this hotel in the heart of London.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1440-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",My go to hotel in London.,"The staff and service is not all that great... but the location and comfort of the hotel make it up for it. The rooms are nice and spacious, the bathrooms are a good size and the showers are great. Breakfast is served buffet style, no complaints there.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1440-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Christmas hideaway,"We stayed at The Courthouse for Christmas whilst visting family. Its a great hotel , right in the center of town. People were lovely and took good care of us. Nice breakfast and plenty of it. Def go for a cocktail in the bar, they tatse very good are very relaxing after a full day shopping. All in all a great hotel with good service, loved it and will def be back in the new Year.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1440-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",When good hotels go bad,"My experience with the Courthouse began four years ago when it was owned by Kempinski.  The service was German perfect.  The rooms were clean and well maintained.   I admit I was a bit shocked to open my curtains to discover I was looking into an occupied office but the efficiency of the hotel staff made up for the odd view.   Fast forward to these last two years and the Courthouse has now earned a 'don't want to stay there' status with me.  The rooms are worn out.  The air con doesn't work very well and sometimes not at all.  The doubletree staff still tries but you get the sense they are beaten down by complaints.  Even the bar feels tired. If you stay here, know that the bigger rooms are on the front of the hotel.   The hotel staff will try to upgrade you if a better room is…",Date of stay: February 2011,2.0
1445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1445-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",6 Stars for the Location but something missing about this hotel,"This hotel has one of the BEST locations in London. It is walkable to just about everything!! Regent St is one of the best shopping areas in London and the Courtyard Doubletree is less than a minute walk away. Carnaby St and Liberty is just across the Road. Oxford St is just behind the hotel, need I say more!!  There are plenty of restaurants and cafes nearby. Le Pain Quotidien is right next door. If you want to get some laundry done, you can go to Marshall Laundry nearby, they provide very efficient service washes.   In terms of the hotel, we couldn't really pinpoint exactly what it was but something just seemed to be missing. Perhaps it wasn't warm enough, not in terms of temperature but just the overall feel from the staff. They were friendly enough but lacking a bit in…",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1445-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, terrible service and food","Location could not be better, right across from Carnaby Street shopping area.  However, it was extremely poorly run.  My room's electronic door lock would not work on multiple occasions, meaning multiple trips down to the front desk and eventually moving my room.  The first room had a strange sewage like smell.  Another night, the ""cleaning"" service, left all of my previous meal and garbage in the room all day while I was out in meetings.  The cleaning service, service people, etc would also repeatedly come into my room which is annoying to have no sense of privacy or space.  The beds were also quite hard.  WiFi is ludicrously expensive and unreliable.  Breakfast was sub-par.  Overall I would not stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
1447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1445-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","PERFECT!!! TOP POSITION, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED","We stayed there 2 nights. PERFECT position, center of Carnaby street- 2 mn from metro. Highly furnished, good service, very clean. -      :   Breakfast buffet is however a little bit poor and the dining room is not really welcoming... BUT I highly recommend it.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1445-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel Cancelled our booking for the Olympics and did not inform us. Avoid.,"We booked a double room for the wekend of the 3rd to 5th august 2012 for the Olympics on the Hilton web site in October 2010 and confirmed the reservation with an American Express Card.  Quite by chance when checking my frequent guest account with Hilton Hhonours in May 2011, I discovered that my reservation was missing and when I checked I found that the hotel had cancelled my booking.  On 27th May 2011 the Hotel Manager stated that a ""Technical Fault"" had allowed us to book our accommodation and that it had been cancelled and an e-mail sent, although we received no such notification. Later that same day the Manager stated that the reservation had been cancelled because the number of our credit card could not be read or that it would expire prior to the date of arrival. He…",Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
1449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1445-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing Afternoon Tea,"I took my mum to celebrate her birthday today for afternoon tea at the Courthouse Doubletree - and was looking forward to a good standard of service and product, what we got was very far from that.  We have been to other places across London and found the standard very good, until now.  From the atmosphere and tableware used to the food and service it was a disappointing affair.  All the food was put out at once, meaning the scones became cold and the cakes dried out.  There was no refill of the sandwiches and only 6 between 2 people.  The staff were on-hand but more interested in talking amongst themselves and really not attentive.  Avoid this if you can, the money is better spent making it at home and enjoying it!",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
1450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1450-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"This hotel is all about it's fabulous location. It's diagonally across from Liberty, so shopping is very easy. Service was average all around though. The room I was in was a bit run down. On my last day, my door wouldn't lock, despite repeated attempts. But of course when they finally send someone up to fix it, it did. It was a harrowing moment. To be fair, they were nice about it.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
1451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1450-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Hotel,Absolutely wonderful hotel for both business and pleasure in the heart of London! Great service and really nice rooms. I have nothing but postive things to say about both the hotel and staff!,Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
1452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1450-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible experience,"I was very happy to go and spend the night at the Courthouse Hotel, but after having spent 1 (one) night there I never want to set foot in that building again.  If you don't want to read all the detail of my story, here are my main criticisms: • Extremely unpleasant staff. Not only impolite, but also 100% unhelpful. • No internet or phone coverage in the room! Not ideal when your on a business trip. • Only hand-towels in the room. • TV and Radio didn't work correctly.  Short information about myself: I'm 30 and I work for a very big company that sells consumer electronics. My company has a corporate account with the Courthouse Hotel so I would have expected that they have an interest in treating me (at least) fairly well...  Now to the stay. I got there quite late (10pm)…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
1453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1450-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"this hotel is in the perfect location for central london we chose this hotel as we were going to the theatre to see wizard of oz, its about a minutes walk from the hotel perfect for sightseeing, shopping & eating from the moment we arrived we were looked after, check in was quick, they give you a warm chocolate cookie for a snack the room was clean & spacious the only thing that we were disappointed with was there was NO FREE WIFI in the rooms  we were celebrating our first wedding anniversary, and my husband informed the hotel this and they gave us FREE friut,wine & chocolate thank you very much mr hilton breakfast was also included in our package, it was lovely & lots of choice i would definatly stay here again",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
1454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1450-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, worn hotel","The Courthouse Hotel really is in a great location for shopping, restaurants, and easy access to several neighborhoods.  The staff was professional and courteous, the hotel and rooms were clean, and the mattress was really comfortable.  Unfortunately, all the positives are weighed down because the hotel is not doing well with other basics.  For example, the furniture and fixtures seemed worn, the pillows were too big for the pillow cases (kind of gross to wake up with my face on the bare pillow), the bath towels were tattered (some with the former owner's brand - Kempinski) and a mediocre breakfast buffet.  There are plenty of similarly priced hotels that do a much better job at the basics.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
1455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1455-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel and location,"Very large room and bathroom - far larger than we expected. Great location right off Regent Street and at the top of Carnaby Street, a pedestrian shopping street.  ",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1455-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The Location Speaks for this Hotel,"This was our second time staying at the Courthouse Doubletree in London.   About the room... The room was decent and clean and comfortable to come back to after a day in the city was over. We did notice little mistakes this time, though, that I would not expect to see in a 5-Star hotel. The mistakes are not really worth mentioning since they have nothing to do with cleanliness but are rather ""beauty mistakes"".   This particular room did have an electrical plug (dual-voltage 115/230) in the bathroom but is for electric razors. (We found no plug in our bathroom last year). If you need to dry your hair after a shower, you still have to use a plug in the room. Included in the room are a hair dryer, two bathrobes and two pairs of slippers. The room also had a scale, safe and small…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1455-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",nice place,This is very nice and this will not let you down...staffs are friendly and helpful. A bit pricey though but its just not too much. I love the bar and cocktails.We even tried there private cinema.love d location in London perfect if you want shopping and fun.,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1455-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Mostly great,"The staff was wonderful and we have adopted Slavomir, the doorman, into our family.  The location is excellent and the hotel fresh and clean.  However,  they gave us a room at the back of the hotel facing the alley.  Across the alley are warehouses, so there is constant loud noise from 5 in the morning to 11 at night.  We needed ear plugs to sleep.  You'd think with the money they put into the hotel they would have put double-paned sound proof windows in that group of rooms.  They offered us a different room, but it was considerably smaller and right next to the elevator.  The ""business center"" was neither and even tho there was free wi-fi in the lobby it was a spotty connection at best.  So, even with these problems the hotel was still ""very good,"" the staff was top notch, and…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1455-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend at The Courthouse,"In general this is a nice hotel - really lovely staff and a really great location for The London Palladium which was part of our trip.  Room we paid for was a Deluxe King - it was a nice enough room but not as plush/newly refurbished looking as the site photos.  It had an inward couryard view - which was really no view at all - this meant on the plus side that it was very quiet at night, and on the negative side the room had little natural daylight.  Beds were extremely comfortable & Hilton have obviously chosen well & spent some money on them - take heed Hilton Glasgow William street!  On the negative side the room was a wee bit shabby, dirty marks on carpet, only 1 bedside lamp & the shade was broken & kept falling off and the towels were grey & frayed - not what you expect…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1460-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location and service,"Stayed at the Courthouse at the weekend with my wife. Great location, close to the shops in Regent Street and Carnaby Street. We had tickets for Ghost, so again the location was perfect, only a short stroll to the theatre. The hotel staff were very attentive, nice touch with the cookies when checking in. The rooms are very comfortable, huge bed. Nice and quiet room on the 3rd floor away from the lifts. Comfortable reception area with sofas. Breakfast in the morning was good. All in all a very enjoyable stay. Would very much recommend this hotel, especially if you are coming to London to shop or go to the theatre. Perfect location for both.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1460-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","London at its best, service not so much","Ok well  we just got back after a 5 day stay for our anniversary and the locations is Fantastic!  With Carnaby Street 5 steps away, Regent and Oxford Street nearby  from the hotel and the majority of sites from the West End to Trafalga Square ( the hotel is in the Soho District)  is merly a 15 minute walk  it doesn't get any better than that.  Access to all other major sites by bus or cabs is readly available as well.  Now just a thought, people seem to have an obsession when they go to a hotel about eating and working out and if thats the case this hotel may not be for you, a small, very small area is allotted for a gym with a few machines, pool and poor ventilation but rememeber this  place was once a court house and of course most people forget that which can explain a few…",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
1462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1460-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very Disappointing stay !,"This hotel is in a great location, superb for stepping into the London shopping and nightlife scenes . The rooms are clean and well proportioned, and my room was pleasantly peaceful away from all the hustle and bustle.  I was however taken aback by the reception who preferred to chat amongst themselves rather than attending to me waiting to check in.  Eventually I was served and despite having paid up front for the room I was requested to hand over a deposit of £50 for possible extras that I may incur. I  informed the receptionist that if I was to have any extra`s I would pay as I go and declined to hand over the money. He then informed me that he would have to remove the mini bar ! I said fine as I never use them anyway. Within two minutes of me arriving in the room, two…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
1463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1460-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location and great service,"Steps from Oxford Circus tube station, this hotel is ideal for a London weekend. The room was lovely and with the latest Hilton ""Perfect"" beds.   The service standard was remarkable. All staff greeted us with a friendly ""Hello"" or ""Welcome back"", and tried to be helpful whenever possible. We forgot a few things in the safe on departure, and within minutes they tried all our phone numbers and email addresses to find a way to get our stuff to us before any ongoing travel.  We would definitely return, for more than just the cookies.",Date of stay: November 2011,5.0
1464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1460-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, historical/modern hotel","This was our first trip into london, stayed at this hotel 4 nights (on my Hilton Honors points). The hotel is located in great location in between Oxford Circus and Picadilly Sq.  It was easy to get anywhere, walking or train.  Great shopping all around, boutiques, big dept stores.  Lots of pubs, cafes and restaurants right outside the door as well. The hotel itself is an old Courthouse which was converted. The lounge/bar area is amazing. Its very trendy/modern, but still has original jail cells that you can go into and  have your drinks.  The courtrooms were converted into a restaurant but still has all the original woodwork, etc.  The drinks in the bar were fantastic! Lots of cocktail options all fresh!  The room was your typical Hilton type hotel room. Bigger than I expected,…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1465-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location for London Shopping,My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights in May.  It's a great location for shopping since it's at the top of Carnaby Street but that also makes the neighborhood a bit congested.  It was a short walk to the tube station which allowed us to get to many places in London easily.  The staff was helpful with directions.  The breakfast was very good.  At least 3 mornings I would run down to Hyde Park for my morning run.  I really loved how close it was to the park.  The room was great and super clean.  It's an excellent location for exploring London.,Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1465-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location; great hotel with amazing service,This is the place to stay at! The location was absolutely perfect; very central to everywhere in London---- stay here!! The hotel is charming and very clean! It was such a cute hotel compared to some of the bigger HIltons that are out there-  The service was really great- Tiago at the front desk was so helpful and the Ladies at the Sanook spa were so nice! Monica at the bar was friendly too! Everyone including the maid staff was wonderful----truly a great staff at this hotel! I will be back!,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1465-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not a great experience,"Great location - if you don't need to stop outside to unload your luggage as there is no bay outside for offloading vehicles and we were advised that there are camera's monitoring the road which could see you ending up with a fine.  The room - no air conditioning, television picture was terrible, the kettle had to be plugged in on the floor in front of the front door, the marble threshold to the bathroom stood high and could cause a nasty injury if you didn't pick your foot up high enough (trip hazard) and the shower thermostat didn't work giving us a cold, warm, hot, cold, hot, warm shower!  The receptionist's lack of spoken English caused a language barrier and although she asked whether everything was ok with our stay, when advised that it wasn't, she just smiled. She didn't…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
1468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1465-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding service,Pleasantly surprised I was about the outstanding service of all the staff at the hotel. From check-in to check-out an overwhelming experience!,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1465-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Hotel, fantastic location!","I have stayed at this hotel over a weekend in London and I must say it was a great experience. The hotel is in a great location, just off Carnaby street. Room was big and very clean, good quality breakfast and helpful staff! Will definetly come back.",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
1470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1470-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Quality Service...wifi nah!,"Guest service at the hotel was excellent.  Sahil at the Front desk was outstanding in his attentiveness and guest relations skills.  However, the breakfast offerings at the restaurant for Diamond members were limited and not particularly tasty. (I was expressly informed that only continental breakfast was applicable!).  Sadly also, while the hotel advertises that it offers wifi, the wireless internet was either painfully slow or nonexistent.  For the first few hours of my first night's stay i was without internet until a pleasant employee - Bilal kindly came up to the room and assisted.  For the final night of my stay, there was NO wifi whatsoever.  My complaints were met with responses that the hotel has been having problems with their service provider for a while.  This was…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1470-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, Great Staff, Large and Clean Rooms","On my trip to London I've stayed in two different hotels (this one and the Crowne Plaza on Buckinham Gate) and the Doubletree was hands-down my favorite.  The hotel is in a great location with LOADS of shopping, pubs and restaurants within a short walk.  The rooms are clean, large, comfortable and modern.  The staff is first-rate. Always friendly, always very helpful. We stayed on Hilton Points yet still received all of the normal perks for Hilton Honors members at my level (free breakfast, free wifi, room upgrade, etc).  The breakfast was really good.  The only thing that keeps me from rating it 5 stars is the fact that the wireless in our room didn't work for the entire time we were there and going to the lobby to check/send e-mail was sort of a pain.  Also, even at its lowest…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
1472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1470-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Groupon champagne tea deal,"Good value at £17 pp.  Didnt look like much food when delivered to table but actually having anymore would have been greedy.  As much refill on tea as you like. Would recommend buying.  Very busy probably due to Groupon deal.  Went to hotel bar for drink before our tea, lovely area, not impressed with bar staff, ordered two glasses of champagne which was dumped onto our table and then subsequently spilt, thought girl was going away to get cloth but she didn't, only cleared spillage up when came back to give us bill (with a £3.63 service charge for bringing drink 10 ft from bar to table), collected money and then took bowl of nibbles away although not finished, thought she was refilling, which she did but didnt bring back to table, had to go and help myself as she was chatting to…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
1473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1470-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",great location and staff!,"it ´s my second time i stay at this hotel. it s going to be my first choice everytime I ll be going to London for business. Firstly the location I find to be the best possible. in the west end close by to all major attraction, shopping and bussiness area. The rooms are nice and spacious, very confortable! It s not a huge and cold hotel, feels cosy and charming. Above all I find the service impeccable and very very friendly. Very good breakfast and a nice relaxing bar. I ll be back once again, thanks!",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
1474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1470-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",This hotel has mice... Fact!,"Well, my 3rd stay at this hotel ended in disaster. We were getting into bed at1am when I noticed a mouse shooting out of the bathroom, it ran under the bed, under the tv table, back under bed and back into bathroom. We were screaming! I rang reception who very kindly moved us to another room, above a bar with banging music! Again they moved us to another room, making us feel as if we were too much trouble. The third room had a bathroom which smelt of sewers but by this point we were tired and 'put up with it'.  The next morning we complained to the reception manager who offered us free breakfast, we didn't want to eat in the hotel, especially not when he informed us someone had noticed a mouse in the bar too! After lengthy negotiations we were offered a 50% reduction on the…",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
1475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1475-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Private Cinema at The Courthouse :),"I bought 2 vouchers from Travelzoo (£15 each) for a private cinema screening at The Courthouse Doubletree - what a great offer.  For starters, I never knew that there was a private cinema in this hotel! Part of our deal was entrance to a Saturday film of your choice, a cocktail in the Hotel's bar, tub of Haagan-Dazs, fresh bucket of popcorn and a bottle of still mineral water.  Every Saturday they show a film (old / new / black&white). The hotel used to be a court hence the name and has retained some of it's original features which was cool.  The bar was sophisticated and had kept the old prison cells and made them into seating areas.  Staff were conscientious and polite.  Our cocktails were so good, we ordered a couple more different ones to sample before the film.  The cinema…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1475-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Interesting place to stay,"The history of this building makes this an interesting place to stay.  The rooms are very large by Euopean hotel rooms size standards.  Staff was very helpful in helping us find whatever we asked for.  The breakfast was good, everything was clean and interesting.  I have it a 4 instead of a 5 only because it isn't 5 star luxery.  But it IS a great place to stay.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1475-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A great way to end our vacation!,"In the last couple of nights of our vacation to the UK, we were booked to stay at the Courthouse Doubletree on Great Malborough Street off Regent Street and a hop, skip and a jump to Soho.  The Courthouse is aptly named as it used to be one, and therefore the property sports some interesting features, not the least of which is the ground floor bar where one can reserve booths in the old prison cells.  Definitely worth a beverage and photograph!  The decor is very welcoming, and the large downstairs open lounge is perfect when you want to relax and use the free Wi-Fi.  We reserved a table on the rooftop terrace.  In sunny or crisp weather it's the perfect way to wind down, but definitely reserve if you want to experience it - the London business folk are in the know and they tend…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
1478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1475-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location perfect - some minor annoyances,"Just stayed here for 9 nights. Location is definitely the best asset of this place, it's well worth staying here and I think I would again simply for this fact. The rooms are nice too but I had some minor annoyances.  No wifi, internet (wired) crapping out, TV picture was AWFUL, cigarette burns in my lampshade (turned around so I wouldn't notice) and a gunshot sound every time the door closes, no gold member update, no receipt when checking out, noise from the rubbish truck turning up at 7am every morning.. just silly things that could have been improved that annoyed me a little.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
1479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1475-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic Location, Great Room","We really enjoyed our stay in London.  I've been many times, but it was my husbands first trip to the UK.  The location could not be better!  The staff was so friendly and the charm of the hotel is unbeatable.  For European standards, this room is much much larger and comfortable.  While the bed was a little on the hard side, it was spacious and clean.  The bathroom was great as well!  Only negative would be that this place could use a much better English breakfast.  Other than that, we're excited to go back and stay at the Doubletree again very soon!",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
1480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1480-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","""Excellent service.Fantastic spot.""","What a great hotel. Fantastic position right in the middle of the city. Stones throw to anything the shopper/partier/tourist may want. The service was very personal and outstanding. The pricing was as you would expect for a top quality property in such a location but still very reasonable, I thought. The beds are excellent and the bathrooms are also very good. I will definately be staying next time I am in London.   Stayed August 2011, travelled as a couple",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1480-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A poor second visit!,"We stayed at the Courthouse last September on a great deal and thought it a great hotel so we naturally decided to book again for our recent trip. It definitely has a great location, with great staff however the standard is far from acceptable for the price we paid for a 5 star hotel. Rooms are very very tired, finishes in the bathroom falling apart. No hot water in the shower when we first arrived and had to call maintenance twice.  One saving grace is the Carnaby Resturant - on both trips the food was wonderful, with pleasant staff and we were remembered from our last visit.",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
1482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1480-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Cinema at The Courthouse - Fantastic evening,"Last night, I went to The Courthouse Hotel, opposite Liberty, in Soho, with some of my friends for a girly night out. One of them got some tickets for Bridemaids and part of the deal, was a cocktail prior to the screening. We ordered some platters in the Bar to soak up the fab Mohitos and were lucky enough to sit in one of the prison cells!!! (they have 3 in the bar, and is a great cosy area for a little group). Once in the cinema, we got popcorn and ice cream, like in a normal cinema, but I must say, they have an intimate cinema (we must have been around 100 people, or maybe less) with super comfy seats in gorgeous colors. At the end of the film, we went back for another cocktail - Great service and the waiter remembered us from earlier on.   Talking to one of thebar staff,…",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
1483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1480-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Location is the only good thing in this hotel,"Advantages: 1- Location 2- Staff  Disadvantages: 1- The hotel is overpriced comparing to the room level (more than 300 pounds)  2- Only one lift for every thing ( food, luggages, customers) 3- The room was dirty although it was a junior suit as the reception mentioned that its the largest room in the hotel. (see the photo please) 4- Very old towels (see the photo please) 5- Dirty and broken bed sheet  (see the photo please) 6- The place of the safety box is really funny its under the desk, so you have to set on the floor to use it (see the photo please) 7- The bathroom is not perfect, some cracks are very obvious, bath tube is really high and you need to be carefull in getting in and out. 8- Dont use the bathroom if the window is open, the window of the bathroom is facing the…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1480-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The right place to stay in London,"A small hotel conveniently located across the street from Carnaby St.,  efficient staff, comfortable rooms,and free internet.  Special mention to concierge Tiago Ferreira always ready to assist and advise on our special needs.",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
1485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1485-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, but don't expect a lot more","I stayed here for business in early August.  As a Hilton Diamond member, I believe my room was upgraded, as I saw another room that was about half the size of mine, which would have felt pretty claustraphobic.  My room had good space, and the bathroom was well-appointed.  As others have mentioned, air conditioning was a problem - my room was about 78 degrees (MUCH too warm for this New Englander), and it took them three days to get it fixed.  I temporarily moved rooms, only to find that the new room had no Internet service, so I had to move back!  Staff was cordial and genial, though I don't think I'd call them friendly (many didn't have English as a first language).  The best aspect of the hotel is its location - central to shopping, Soho, and so much more.  If it weren't so…",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
1486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1485-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",a lovely hotel,hi everybody. i would really love to suggest u this hotel. never been trated like in here. people working at the doubletree are really nice and kindly to customers. got a really nice position to travel in the city.  for this reason i would really love to go there again and again and again :D,Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
1487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1485-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Stay - Great Location- Friendly Staff- Will Be Back,"Went to London to visit friends and stay at the hotel the first weekend in August. Had a wonderful stay. Excellent location, friendly staff- (my first time in London  the front desk and bar staff gave me some excellent pointers in how to move around the city and find my way around. My room was very clean- and special attention to detail by our maid.  Had some drinks at the roof terrace before going to dinner. Staff very friendly and great drinks. I love the fact the hotel is near the Oxford Circus Tube. On my last night I had dinner at Silk Restaurant and the food was excellent- . It was busy however the waiter managed to keep us entertained  and gave us great suggestions.  I truly enjoyed my stay at you hotel.  Next time in London I will stay with you guys again. keep up the…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1485-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Hilton at its best!,"I am a Diamond Hilton member and travel a lot all over the world. We usually stay at the Park Lane , but my wife wanted a change of scenery, so we chose the courthouse. We loved it from the day we arrived until we left. The Concierge were great, very helpful with directions and information. Our room was of a good standard, not much view but clean and all essential were there. We ate in Silk restaurant which is worth trying, especially the desserts. Overall we had a great stay will definitely be back when in London.",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1485-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced for what you get,"Booked for one night and spent a premium for it.   What we got:  - small room - many lights in the room not working.  - bedside lampshades falling apart.  - old TV with a poor signal.  - A kettle but no where to plug it in.  - dust and dirt along many edges of furniture.   Considering the state of the room I am gob smacked that the hotel has such a high star rating and tariff.   Please, consider your other options before booking in to this hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
1490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1490-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel for all!,"Stayed with wife and baby, me for business they for pleasure. But, it was a pleasure for all. Read what other reviewers wrote and what are they on! Great location real neighbourhood feel, but do remember its central london. Noise - yes, hustle and bustle - yes but its part of the hotel and area. You are literally spitting distance from regents street! Its ace! Staff all friendly and helpful and will do whatever they can for you. Requests need to be in the realms of what is humanly possible to achieve this.  Really friendly with my family as well and gave her advice and tips, got her cabs, helped her with bags. I could not fault the location or hotel but as i say sounds like some reviewers need to take there mommy with them! diddums! Courthouse we will return, the manager is a…",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
1491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1490-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Courthouse Roof Terrace,I am not really a review writer ... however although we live in London we took American friends for drinks at the Roof Terrace of the Courthouse which had been very highly recommended on the internet. I was very disappointed as the idea is great but the tables were dirty and the staff very unhelpful. The waiter did not know the menu at all and as the 'designated driver' of the group I asked for a mint tea or a coffee. All other members of the party did order alcohol and I was told I could have a soft drink but not a hot drink. If I wanted a hot drink I should go downstairs and get one from room service! I quietly asked to speak to the manager and suggested that maybe they go downstairs and order the hot drink for me and was told this was not possible. Its a shame because I will…,Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
1492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1490-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic, we will come back!","Best location, best service, best staff, saved a fortune on travel as fantastic located. Roof terrace bar is great in the evening and breakfast was delicious. We cannot wait for our next trip to London!",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
1493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1490-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great building,"We ate in the Silk restaurant which used to be a court room. Being a listed building it still has the original features; wooden panels and seating, even the writing ""solicitors and council"" inscribed on the walls.  The food is Asian inspired and was very good.  We had a voucher for £59 for 3 courses inc a glass of bubbly on arrival. The service was a bit slow but the staff were friendly. A great use of a space in an interesting old building.  The bar still has the original holding cells complete with toilets!",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
1494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1490-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",we will be back!,"The Courthouse is a gorgeous hotel. We stayed her for my husband’s 30th birthday sadly for 1 night only. I had booked a King room , at check in  the room not ready as we were rather early. We were invited to use the breakfast room as breakfast was still being served. There was a lovely selection of cold meats, bacon, amazing scrambled eggs, fruits, breads and yoghurts. We had a snack and left for our day out. We returned to the hotel later on where we had been given a lovely, large , quite room.   They had left a card as well with a fruit platter in the room for my husband’s birthday. A very nice touch. The bed was massive and the bathroom very spacious with lovely shower and bath. The staff are very attentive and friendly. It is a 5 min walk from Oxford Circus tube.  Overall I…",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
1495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1495-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great,Stayed at the hotel for a weekend get away in July with my partner. We found the hotel very easily and it was only a 5 minute walk from Oxford circus. The staff were very welcoming and friendly. The room was spacious and very quiet with all the trimmings you would expect. We did not eat in the hotel however both restaurants were full each time we went past. We did have a drink on the roof terrace which was great with attentive staff. All in all this is a great hotel in a very central location and we will definatety be back.,Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
1496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1495-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location - Friendly Staff,"Been back to the Courthouse for work and loved it. Was here in November last year and liked the hotel then so was happy that my work booked the hotel again. This time i had no time to eat in the hotel , but we had some drinks on the roof terrace which were very good, what a great place. Staff very friendly and clean hotel. I will be back !!",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
1497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1495-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great for Shopping,Hotel was clean and modern. Within easy walking distance of many good shops. Rooms were smart if a little small. Would stay here again,Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
1498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1495-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Faded glory,"I have stayed here before and on this occasion was using Hilton Points - so no complaints about value . The Hotel needs to update some of its fixtures and fittings as they are now showing signs of age . It would not be worth the prices advertised .  Staff ranged from exceptionally helpful to - ""Im here because its my job attitude"". Location wise its great as you are not far from just about anything . My main gripes were the in room TV- despite being flat screen had poor reception and on the Sunday evening , one of the staff changed the TV channels for the whole hotel to allow a guest to watch the Final of the Tour D'e France.  I had no issue with that but they put the channel in place of the main BBC1 channel , which I had been watching ! When I complained the guy tried to sort…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
1499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1495-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","A tale of two hotels, in a great location","This hotel is in a great place, just at the end of Carnaby Street.  So there is plenty going on, and the location is only a few minutes walk from the shops on Oxford Street.  We arrived by car and it couldn’t have been easier.  We stopped right outside (on the street) and the hotel staff collected out, collected our bags and valet parked the car.  I booked this room on HHonors points. So I was very pleased to get an upgrade to a suite on arrival.  The hotel is actually made up of an old Magistrates court at the front, with a newer building behind that appears to contain most of the bedrooms. Our room was on the first floor at the front, in the old section. It was spacious with a predictably high ceiling, and contemporary furniture. The furniture was dark, so it did feel a little…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1500-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Overpriced and Shabby,This hotel although in central london is way overpriced. Room and surroundings are worn and although clean they need upgrading as the price does not reflect the quality of furnishings you would expect. Would not stay in this hotel again as found it a little shabby for the price of our stay. Mobile signal was very poor within the hotel room also which made our business trip very difficult.,Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
1501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1500-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",just perfect!,"I've been luckily enough to stay in all the best hotels in London, and the Courthouse is my favourite.  The magistrate suite was perfect, the staff incredibly friendly (Dan the doorman is great) , the service is attentive and with a smile. We will be back at the hotel in September, even though there was the option of the Langham and Park Lane.  If you enjoy the nicer thinks in life then the Courthouse is for you.",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
1502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1500-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel in Central London,"The hotel is in a great location minutes from Oxford Street Station and Oxford Street itself.  Upon arrival check in was quick, efficient and the staff were very friendly, just what i needed after a long busy day at the office, I then checked into my room which was very clean, spacious and the bed was really comfortable bed. The bathroom was a good size with plenty of fresh towels.  After a great night’s sleep I headed down for breakfast greeted by friendly staff members on the way. I had the buffet which was delicious and fresh the food was nice and hot and the staff were very attentive from the moment I arrived. I was very satisfied with the breakfast experience (both staff and food).  I had a great stay here at the Courthouse Doubletree Hotel and would stay here again when…",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
1503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1500-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not up to Hilton's Standards,"Upon arrival on busy London St. there was no one outside to greet us or offer assistance with bags.  Room had many maintenance issues including broken air conditioning and t.v., doors on dresser loose, mirror in bathroom barely hung on to wall, advertised wireless in room had poor strength if any signal at all.  Request for extre pillows could not be accomodated.  When reported to front desk and ask for room change we were told that we were the last to check-in (9 pm) and no other rooms were available that night they would send maintenenance up to address issues.  Meanwhile when going out an hour later for dinner, new persons were arriving and checking in.  Again I requested a room change and an upgrade given Hilton Gold status and was told they would try to do so in the…",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
1504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1500-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very Very Very Very Very Tired Old Hotel,"Peeling paint, dated interiors, damaged fixtures and fittings, grubby corners, torn carpets, old furniture... faded glory.  This hotel could be spectacular. It's in an amazing location, in what was clearly once a beautiful building. It is screaming for a refit, to be brought up to date, but the management seem unwilling to oblige. In fact, even the breakfast looked tired.  Spend your money somewhere else. You can do much better.",Date of stay: May 2011,2.0
1505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1505-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Sullies the Hilton brand,"Stayed in a kings magistrate suite on Monday 4th July, very expensive and a complete let down. The air conditioning in the room does not work, after 9 hours on the lowest setting (as the instructions in the room suggested) it was still 27 degrees. Room wasn't overly large considering the build up and the price, the sitting area was dark and like the black hole of calcutta, certainly not an inviting room to sit in. The shower runs hot then cold alternately so don't think about standing under the water. The drainage isn't good so after 10 minutes in the shower the foot tray is full to overflowing. Buffet breakfast, my advice is get down early....no evidence that this gets refreshed or checked by the chef, by 9am the bacon is over cooked and solid - inedible, and how do you find…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1505-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Really disappointed with the experience, the room smelt of sewage...","Stayed last night with my wife following the Wembley Take That concert.  I work round the corner so have used the hotel before but never stayed there.  Given the * rating and the price, I had high expectations. My overall feeling was that the room was tired and needed some TLC.  The duvet didn't fit the bed, the shower flooded the bathroom and the towels were old and poor quality.  However my main complaint is that when we returned to the room, it had a strong smell of sewage, so I wonder if they have a drain problem.  I have told the front desk and informed that someone will call me back, let's see....",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
1507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1505-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location and service, plus a quiet room in central London","I stayed in the Courthouse Doubletree last week, after arriving back late into London from a business trip overseas, needing to go out in London the following day. We stayed using 40,000 Hilton HHonors points - a good price to stay in central London.  My assessment: Location: The location is excellent, providing excellent access to central London, being so close to Oxford Circus tube, and thus the Bakerloo, Victoria and Central lines. This meant we could keep our luggage here during the day, whilst we went and enjoyed ourselves, safe in the knowledge we wouldn't have to cart our luggage too far across town to Marylebone terminus. Lobby: Beautiful, relaxing area with sofas to take the weight off your feet. Check in: My wife arrived before me and checked in seamlessly, despite the…",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
1508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1505-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and very helpful staff!,"Booked this through Expedia.  This was the best 5 star hotel rate we found for the two days we were there. The first room we were put in was on the 1st floor - with the window facing a wall.  This was a bit claustrophobic!.  Felt a little like we were in a dungeon and the only thing that concerned me was that we were not getting any phone signals in the room.  So they changed my room to a 6th floor (highest) the next morning and everything worked.  The rooms were well appointed.  Had to pay for internet 14 pounds for 24 hours, but there is free connection in the Business Centre and Lobby.  They staff were all really helpful and that made up for all the inconvenience with the lack of phone connection the first day.  We opted for Breakfast in our package, and it was sufficient in…",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
1509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1505-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location,Nice hotel",The location of hotel is very central.Staff is very friendly.There is subway/tube station within 2 minute walk.But dont expect it to be 5 star hotel.I think it is 5 star only because of its location.,Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1510-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Central located, quiet rooms","This hotel is within a walking distance of Oxord street and regent street,  great shopping area.  In the great malbouro street.  I did walk from here to Hyatt Park, and the Buckingan palace.  There is plenty of pubs and restaurants in this area.     The room was what Americans consider normal, no small like most Europeans hotels.  Also, the bathroom is large, much bigger than most european hotels.  The bad part about this hotel, Internet is expensive £14 pounds per 24 hours. Wireless sometimes goes down.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
1511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1510-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","If you want amenities, stay elsewhere","Well, if you like abuse, and by that I mean taking it up yer pattotie, this is the place.  First: Do NOT stay in the original section during the summer.  The AC doesn't work.  We knew this, asked for the new extension, and they tried to put us in the old one.  We almost walked out, because sure enough the AC didn't work for spit.  We got the new wing.  The ""Precor gym"" they advertise is a bold-face lie.  It's home quality Matrix junk, placed in a room no larger than a closet.  I'm not kidding, the 'weight area' is a yoga mat stuffed behind one of the treadmills, and there's not enough room for it to fully unfold.  They keep the doors to the mucky pool and sauna open so you roast during a workout.  God help you if there's more than one person in there- the equipment is literally…",Date of stay: June 2011,2.0
1512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1510-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location!  Average Hotel,"My husband and I were on a one week vacation and selected this hotel based on its location and the fact it had a spa even though it had some iffy reviews.  I will start with the positives: great location and to quantify it's right across the street from a pedestrian shopping area with several restaurants and it's 1 block from the Oxford Circus tube station, very convenient!  Good breakfast – they have scrambled eggs, sausage, English bacon, fruit, cereal, etc every day and they will make you anything upon request.  Breakfast was included in our rate and we ate there each morning.  Great concierge service – we had several requests for restaurant recommendations/bookings, tourist site locations, etc and they were very nice and accommodating including when the spa was full at the…",Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1510-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Seriously good hotel!,"Came to the Hotel on easter friday for a romantic nights stay... surprised my partner with the great deal, roses on the bed followed by a movie... really good value for money!! room was beautiful and spaciuous.there was a bottle of bubbly was waiting for us! we had a fantastic meal in the Silk restaurant, it was reasonably priced and all the right flavours and perfect portions. all the staff were top notch! especially the reception staff who made us feel welcome with a warm cookie :).",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
1514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1510-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location!!!,"This is hotel is located in a wonderful location - you are a five minute walk (if that) from the Oxford Circus underground station, five minutes from Piccadilly Square and an easy walk to Buckingham Palace (just make sure you wear proper walking shoes!)  And if all you are looking for is a good place to eat or drink, simply walk out the front door of the hotel and you have a ton of places to pick from.  I would stay here again if I ever make it back to London.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
1515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1515-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Slow internet connection,Stayed 2 nights using points. Hotel has a great location and a very good staff.  Internet was very slow and i could not access yahoo at all in the guest room. When I asked for assistance to check what the problem might be they sent 3 different men from the maintenance dept over a span of 3 hours. They were useless.  Finally they gave me the phone # of the IT department but they could not improve the connection. Now i am at full service Hilton Trafalgar and the internet is excellent so I know problem is not with my computer.   Hotel does have 2 old dell computers that HH elite members can use free of charge in the business center (not sure if other guests are charged for use there) so we were able to access yahoo in the business center but I can not return to this hotel as the…,Date of stay: May 2011,3.0
1516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1515-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Newish Rooms by London Standards, but small and noisy","The hotel had new rooms and sleek bathrooms, which is a huge step up by London standards.  The room was an average size, but because of how the building is situated, almost none of the rooms get natural light.  They have a roof bar, which would be nice except for the fact that it was mostly reserved for private parties AND it was literally outside my door which was incredibly loud until about midnight.  I am a workout junkie, so Hyde Park was fairly close by for running, however the gym was very, very small.",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
1517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1515-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ticks all the boxes,"Stayed here for 2 nights in early May while I was in London for business. The Hotel is in a great location whether your stay is for business or pleasure with everything a short walk or tube ride away. The rooms are a great size for central london and the price is very reasonable, especially when you get an upgrade :)!! The breakfast was reasonably priced and the staff are willing to go the extra mile for fussy eaters like myself. I did not dine in the Silk restaurant but the room itself is amazing being the old courtroom and was busy each night. My favourite thing about this Hotel though was the roof bar on the 5th floor which allowed me and my colleagues to have a drink in the sun each evening and then only a short walk down the corridor home :)!! All in all a great stay.",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
1518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1515-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantstic,"I stayed at the Courthouse Hilton Doubletree back in July 2010 but didn't bother leaving a review. After browsing Trip Advisor I was shocked to see that this hotel has had some average/poor reviews and as such wanted to put my positive (belated) review out there!  Staying for 3 nights we were upgraded on arrival and found the warm cookies a bonus! The room was huge and clean and the service was brilliant. The swimming pool, sauna and spa were really handy.   The location of the hotel is incredible, near the theatres, Oxford Street shopping and just basically everything! Breakfasts were great - cereal, fruit, smoked salmon toasts, etc etc  Will definitely stay here again if in London looking for a nice weekend.",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
1519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1515-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",mouse in the room,my husband saw a mouse running from the interconnect door from our children room to ours if our daughters had  seen it  they would have ran out of the hotel and not return. we told the staff about the mouse and was told at first there were not another interconnecting available dont think they believed us anyway but ther another reviewee who also saw a mouse we were told there were no other interconnecting room available but we were moved to another room upon our return from our evening but the room were not not of good standard after returning from our stay we email our complaint but to add insult to injury they offered us a discount plus breakfast  for our next visit.!!!!!!good location if you dont mind sharing a room with a mouse,Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
1520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1520-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel in Soho close to Oxford Street,We stayed here 3 days on our recent trip to London. The hotel is located directly across from the north end of Carnaby Street and Liberty department store. Oxford Circus tube stop is located one block north of the hotel. The hotel is located right next to the London Palladium. Our king room and bathroom was very nicely decorated and spacious. The window on the 5th floor looked to the north facing an office building. The elevators were spacious. There was a nice restaurant and lounge located in the lobby. We received fresh chocolate chip cookies upon arrival and the staff was very friendly. The room did not have an iron but housekeeping was quick to fulfill our request. There was a kettle for tea and a full mini bar. The rooftop deck offered a true London view but left something…,Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
1521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1520-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Management Is Non-existent...,"Internet out 2.5 days... no apologies, no signs...  ""staff doesn't arrive until 9AM""... if you need ANYTHING from midnight - 9AM, forget it. Don't come here if you are arriving on a redeye... the hotel isn't operating, other than breakfast, until at least 9:30...  Spend your dollars at another hotel, I am stunned Hilton allows them to keep their flag...",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
1522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1520-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good But Not Great,"Locations is great for shopping, Oxford Street, Regent Street and Carnaby Street are all on the doorstep, good for theatre land and West End sightseeing such as Buckingham Palace, Houses of Parliament, London Eye, Trafalgar Square.  Service is very good throughout from check in through to the attentive waiter service.  Communal areas are reasonable, there is also a small roof top terrace but that is nothing special as it's not a sun trap and there are no views to be seen.  Room was  small, even by London Standards and  pretty poor quality and and very poorly maintained, ceiling lights not working, damaged and missing wall light lampshades, missing bathroom shelf, peeling bathroom paint, bedroom curtains smaller than window so couldn't close properly etc. etc.  View from windows…",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
1523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1520-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant Location, Friendliest staff, and top hotel","The location could not be bettered: overlooking the Carnaby street,  seconds away from the centre and all the sights. We were upgraded on arrival to a street viewing suite with a living room - a beautiful view and very quiet at this time (Spring) of year. The room was large and very well equipped to usual Hilton standard with a sparkling bathroom.    We didn't have time to use the gym or swimming pool after exploring london to the fullest but we did have a quick look and it seemed well equipped and attended - I will plan better next time!  The staff that we encountered (reception, waiting staff and concierge) were all very professional and friendly and I look forward to using the hotel again",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
1524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1520-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very Good Hotel in a Superb Location,"I found the location to be excellent with pubs, restaurants and such all within a few hundred yards. It was a 15 minute walk to the theater district, Covent Garden and other central attractions. Shopping was also only a few blocks away. The Oxford Circus tube station was two blocks and there were numerous bus lines servicing the area. My room was spacious, larger than many I've had in London, and well kept. It was clean with good amenities. The view was to an alley, but I wasn't there for a view. The lobby was attractive and the exterior was very stately looking, especially at night when it is nicely lit. The staff was friendly and accommodating. When I asked the concierge for a something, it was delivered to my room before I even had my coat hung up in the closet. I used Hilton…",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1525-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",An interesting building with tired rooms in a busy location,"At the astonishing rate of close to 200 GBP your expectations for accommodation in probably one of the most busy parts of London's retail scene shouldn't be too high I guess, but when you are staying at a Doubletree (part of the Hilton hotels group) there are some minimal expectations that you can reasonably come in hand with.   Having stayed at many Hilton Hotels over the years I have to say that the quality of the supposedly recently refurbished Soho hotel relative to the cost per night, was disappointing.   The room was tired, the light fittings damaged or kitted out with the wrong kinds of light bulbs and the towels, bathrobes and bath mats threadbare.   The restaurant does offer excellent fare and the buffet breakfast is as good as you would expect anywhere similar. The bar…",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
1526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1525-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Top location, very friendly and helpful staff","My wife and I chose this hotel after reading previous reviews, some good some not so good, but we found eveything a 4 star hotel should have. The closeness to The Palladium theatre was a great bonus.  We aked the concierge for a local italian restaurant recommendation and he was spot on.  The bar was quirky as they have the old cells as private booths! The bedroom was spacious and light and we asked to be located in a quiet room and was duly obliged.  We would return.",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
1527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1525-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",GOOD HOTEL - EXCELLENT LOCATION,"We have just stayed here for just the 1 night, whilst taking in the Wizard of Oz show at the London Palladium - and really this hotel was just about right. The guys on the reception area very very friendly & helpful - can't ask for more than that. The room was very spacious & clean - excellent bed & bathroom....couldn't ask for any more than that. OK the view of an office block from the bedroom window isn't great, but you are never going to get a good view in the road behind Oxford Street! But this is the Hotel's great selling point - the location. It is literally behind the London Palladium, so if you are going to the theatre the walk is literally 2 minutes. Likewise for the shopping at Oxford Street, Regent Street etc. The only minus that I would give this Hotel is for the…",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
1528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1525-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, dreadful food and very average service","The Courthouse is located in the old courthouse just opposite Carnaby Street. It's in a wonderful location. The lobby is fairly ordinary and check in was average although they do this weird thing with offering a cookie in a paper bag at check in. Why, I don't know?! The  bar is quirky and still has the old cells in it (complete with (unusable!) WC's!). Oscar Wilde, Marianne Faithful and a number of other famous people were convicted at this court so I wondered which cells they were housed in! My room was satisfactory. It was a reasonable size but shock horror for a supposedly 5 star hotel it has no trouser press. No trouser presses are available at all, according to room service. Very odd and not very customer friendly. The bathroom was very ordinary. The water pressure was…",Date of stay: March 2011,3.0
1529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1525-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location Can Walk to Everything,"Had a 5 day stay at the Courthouse in London this past month. Hotel was very comfortable and very clean. Concierge was very friendly and helpful. Food and breakfast buffet was OK. This hotel sits at the entry to Carnaby St with it's many shops and places to eat of every variety. O'Neills is directly across from the Courthouse and is a good combination of friendly pub with good food at great prices. From the Courthouse you are just a short walk to the subway, money exchange and the hop on hop off bus which gets you all around the city. This hotel would be my choice again when I return to London.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1530-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel in Great Location,Unremarkable hotel in a great location for shopping,Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1530-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Location, friendly staff","We visited London to go to the theatre and shop and we could not have had a better base.  The hotel's location is fantastic.  We went to the theatre, ate in restaurants in Soho and were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go in 10 minutes.   The room was comfortable, clean and nicely decorated.  The staff were helpful and friendly.   If there was a downside, it was the noise outside from some sort of loading bay, but this stopped at mindnight so we were still ablo to get a good nights sleep.  I would recommend this hotel as a base for a city break  and would go back again.",Date of stay: February 2011,4.0
1532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1530-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE SERVICE,"I was totally shocked by the poor service of the front desk at this hotel.  This was my first time staying at this hotel and will NEVER stay here again.  At check in the room rate doubled, but I had my confirmation email with me to show the price I was to pay so they gave in.  I got to my floor which smelled like mold, my room was fine but nothing special.  I called downstairs to complain about the musky mold smell and I was told ""yes we know, nothing we can do about it at this time.""  The WIFI you pay for and it doesn't work.  On checkout I was asked about my stay by the manager and I said ""Horrible"" and went down the list of issues I had with the hotel.  He said, I wish you would have told me about this sooner - I replied with I actually tried too and was told there was…",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
1533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1530-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, great location","I spent Saturday night at the hotel with my 12 year old daughter.  We were delighted to be able to check into our room at 11am and my daughter was thrilled with the warm Doubletree cookies we were given at reception.  The staff were warm and friendly and extremely helpful.  The hotel is in a wonderful position for shops, restaurants and theatres, as well as sightseeing.  The staff in the spa were very kind to my daughter and she had her first grown up treatment - a pedicure.  In the evening the hotel was draped in lights giving it a fairytale quality.   Although we did not eat in the hotel in the evening, we ordered drinks and sorbet from the room service menu on our return.  These arrived promptly.  Our bedroom was at the back of the hotel and was incredibly quiet so we slept…",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
1534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1530-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Better than VEGAS..... Courthouse!,"I Stayed at the Courthouse with mates for my 35th birthday weekend which was on the 14th- 16th jan. We checked into 3 rooms at  10:30am ( 3 and a half hours earlier than the estimated check in time)  and got to our clean cosy rooms for a memorable weekend. The view from our window was spectacular, carnaby street  is brilliant by day and exciting by Night, the hotels location is great. it was so surprising that the hotel was so quiet right bang!!!! in Central LONDON, especially as i'm a country boy and it was quiet, home from home. The carnaby restaurant where we had my birthday meal was lovely. The staff are really friendly and keep up the professional-ism. The food was also great the right tastes and flavours and reasonable helpings. It hit the spot and prepared my body for the…",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
1535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1535-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Terrifying Night - Please Read,"We went to stay in the Courthouse for a Valentines break in London, and it was an unbelievably bad experience. It started with our bed having hairs in it, clearly the room had been used and the sheets not changed, just made-up. They reluctantly changed the sheets etc, insisting they were clean....this was just the beginning of the most rubbish hotel experience ever...I'm not sure what the events to come were about, but it was all very weird.   We had been asleep for an hour or so, and I woke to someone coming into the room and turning on the light - I couldn't see who because of the layout of the room - but the door was locked so it must have been staff, I shouted and they went away. I got up and sort of tied the door shut as clearly the lock was pointless in this situation, and…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1535-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Attractive Hotel in the Heart of London,"When we make another trip to London, we would definately consider staying at this hotel again. First of all, our room was immaculate and tastefully decorated. It had a nice warm feeling and look to it. Many complained about the rooms not having a coffee machine but ours had a water cooker and a ration of  tea and coffee for each day. It also had a safe, a mini bar, a scale, bathrobe and slippers in the room as well. We slept well and comfortable on the beds. The bathroom was clean but lacking a wall plug. We ended up having to dry our hair in the room by using one of the plugs there. Having been at this hotel in December, the exterior of the hotel was festively decorated with Christmas lights and the lobby had a gorgeous Christmas tree to continue the holiday feeling.    The…",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
1537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1535-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",An old Courtnouse who would have known!,"What a fantastic location in the heart of lodnon england.  i arrived 2010/12/01. when i got there it was snowing and the warming alluring xmas lights hanging from the hotel brought me in. the staff were friendly and very knowledgeable about the area. after reading about this hotel here i decided to give it a go.... it was resonably priced for a hotel in the city and so beautful.  My room was big with a seperate living area ""all for X amount ""i said to my partner. the room was always extremley clean when we got in. the food was good, actually for me for the first time in a while no complaints. it was  a great place.",Date of stay: December 2010,4.0
1538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1535-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Loved the Hotel - Great Food!!,"Stayed at the courthouse last weekend and loved it. After a long trip , plane delayed, we arrived at the hotel and the people were very friendly. Room was nice, big and confortable. Had dinner in the restaurant which was fast , good and very tasty. the waiter was friendly. Overall we had a good stay will defenitly come again.  pictures are not the best but wanted to share the christmas spirit :-)",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
1539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1535-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but with a problem,"Great hotel right in the center of the shopping area, you have regent street and oxford street minute away, when we tried check in at around 11 the receptinonist advised us to come back in 1hr and the room should be ready by then, thet did not happen when returning 2hrs later, we end up waiting till 14.15 pm, thets not it, when we checked in to the room, the air conditioning was not working, the tv out of order, internet not working, the towels badly burned out above all, the room smells like a sewage, we tried to call the reception several time with no answer, when we managed to talk to someone and explained the situation, the receptionist was very polite and offered us a room change, we then asked her to talk to the general manager, few minutes later she called us back and…",Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
1540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1540-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location for shopping and theatre,"Having read one or two reviews on here was a little concerned, but frankly we had a great stay. Pleasant welcome, very unusual well equipped public rooms and bar area, efficient and courteous concierge to leave our bags. Christmas shopping literally yards away, back to the hotel to drop off our bags and 'revive' in our room, then off down Regent Street to the theatre. Walked back, great nights sleep, room fine (little changed from the Kempinski I suspect), and excellent breakfast in the old court rooms - very unusual! Particularly worthy of note was the breakfast service - on the ball and led by an excellent female senior manager",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
1541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1540-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Beware the nightclub at 2am - not for those wanting sleep!,"Stayed here for one night as I was attending an event in London and needed to make an early start, so I thought it made sense to stay the night at the Courthouse - BIG mistake. At 1.30am I called the concierge to ask where the music was coming from? That'll be the nightclub next door, sir. It will finish shortly! It did... at about 3am  I had to get up at 6am to leave so with barely any sleep, I checked out and informed the concierge of my concerns and requested a manager call-back. Didnt get one until I called the hotel two weeks later! On this occasion I spoke to the Reception Manager who is a charming guy, and very honest, but he said all he could do was offer me a discount on a future stay. He even referred it to the Hotel General Manager when i protested but this position…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
1542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1540-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Pleasant, well located, not cheap","Generally an excellent hotel; the staff were very welcoming, room was well equipped and very comfortable. Well located for shoppers close to both Oxford Street and Regent Street. The hotel is a converted magistrates court, and still has some original features including the old cells which are now part of the bar area. We didn't eat or drink in the hotel (there are plenty of alternatives nearby) or use the leisure facilities, so can't comment on those. A couple of minor points that should be addressed: 1. There were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room, though these were provided free on request. 2. There was no alternative to using the lifts: the only staircase we found led into the staff quarters at ground floor level. The management should note that some people are…",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
1543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1540-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, service below average","The Courthouse hotel enjoys a great location in London. I came here for the second time and I surely will stay there in the future. My first visit this summer was really better than this one. First, the clerc at the reception was not friendly. During check-in, no smile, no thank you. I had the displeasure to check-out with the same guy, no thank you, no goodbye. The room was great, plenty of space, well cleaned. unfortunately the bed was not so fine. It was too much used and I had the impression to fell into it. The bar is nice and worth a drink.",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
1544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1540-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Best Location in London,"This hotel has an awesome location, near Piccadilly Square, Oxford Circus, the West End theaters and Soho. It's a good place to go if you are doing a party weekend or night in London. The staff were excellent, the room adequate and the price over the top. At this hotel, it is luxurious, but you definitely are paying to be in the heart of things.  The room itself was no nicer than what you'd get at a good airport hotel near Heathrow, but if you are coming down and want a nice place for a short stay, I wouldn't shy away from this property. It's a solid 4* and definitely better than Premier Inn or Holiday Inn, but they charge 5* prices here and it is not a 5*.",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
1545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1545-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",over rated,nice enough for one night stay was practicle and right in the heart of the westend. I was greeted with a yummy hot cookie which was a nice touch.  I was tired from work so had room service save going out and the food was lovely. I cannot fault any of the food even breakfast was yummy.  I would stay there again the staff are very friendly and make u feel welcome  things that let them down - softer dresing gowns and softer towels would be nice.  The bath was very slippery and i fell whilst showering so caution there!  Tea and coffee facilities would be nice to have in the room you would expect this of a 5*hotel.     Also the rooms are tatty in areas and i think the decorating needs to be addressed in some rooms.,Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
1546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1545-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed in a 'suite': Bathroom wall panel...,"Stayed in a 'suite': Bathroom wall panel missing allowing mould, shower only v hot or v cold, TV could not be seen from bed (at fixed right angle), TV and music channels did not work, paint peeling on doors, blown bulb in lamp.   The place was tired and uncared for. Nowhere near worth £480 a night they charge for the room.   Staff are friendly though. Rooms are dispiriting. Felt like they were charging greedy central London rates rather than give me a room worth the money. ",Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
1547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1545-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",GOOD LOCATION BUT HARD TO FIND,"We stayed for 6 nights at this hotel using Hilton Honors points.  The hotel is in a good location, close to the Oxford Circus undergound, shops and restauants; however, the hotel itself is hard to find because there is only a small sign near the front door of the building and a flag with the hotel name and logo. Our driver passed by it 2 times before we realized where it was.  Luckily,  the front of the building is decorated with long strings of Christmas lights so it is easy to spot at night.  Our king bed room was a nice size although the furniture arrangement makes the entry area a little tight.  The room was cleaned well every day and all the toiletry items were replaced as needed,  but as a previous poster mentioned, the quality of the towels was sorely lacking - they were…",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1545-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - interesting hotel,"We had a very pleasant stay at this hotel. Our room was very nice and the service very good. It is interesting to see how an Asian theme has been overlaid on what the building used to be, which was a magistrates court house. It may be better to bring the history of the building out without trying to change it in any way. The only complaint we would have about our stay in this hotel is the ""Silk"" dining room. We had dinner there one night and waited fourty minutes after placing our order before anything to eat was placed on our table. When the food did arrive it was not very good. We felt sorry for the waiter, he tried his best to do a first class job but can only do so much if the food service is not up to par. Found the Internet service to be very good but pricey.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1545-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice but not 5 Stars,"I booked this hotel early because of the positive reviews,  10 days before we left the reviews had changed from good to very poor especially on hygiene.  I was so concerned I contacted the hotel and they told me they would ensure we had a good stay and the room was clean.  I would give the room 85%  it is slightly dated but it was mostly clean,  a few odd looking stains on upholstery, the towels were quite old but clean.  A  light not working.  You have to request an iron and tea and coffee if you want them which is a bit strange.  It should be 4 stars based on other hotels we have stayed in around London.  The location is fab, however it is noisy but you expect that with where it is.  The staff were very nice.  Overall we were quite happy",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1550-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, mediocre otherwise",1. I booked 3 nights thro' Amex and was told by the Sunday manager that the full tariff had to be paid even if I stayed only 1 night for any reason. 2. One of the rooms stank like a toilet. 3. The fruits on offer were stale and rotten. 4. The towels were a disgrace for a Hilton. 5. Toiletries were not replenished concientiously.,Date of stay: September 2010,3.0
1551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1550-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location ,helpful staff,safe,quiet 3.75 stars not 5.","This is a perfectly good central London 3.75 star hotel.  It is well located, well maintained and clean; it’s also unique given its previous usage. Yes there is staining to the carpet but it not inherently dirty and it’s generally well maintained The staff is extremely polite and competent if a little “calmed”, which is not a bad thing though it does lead to a library atmosphere. The room was of adequate size and the bathroom sufficient. Breakfast was simple, oridinary and perfectly adequate, as was the breakfast room service. We didn’t eat an evening meal in the hotel  Downers?  Our TV, which was modern and wide screen, had an extremely poor picture quality and received only 3 channels. We didn’t complain as we were only in the room for one night and we reported the problem to…",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
1552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1550-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Too many issues to recommend,"This property changed from a Kempinski in 2005. I surmise the management has not done a thing to the place since. I paid for a magistrates king, supposedly the best room under a guaranteed suite. These rooms are located in the older part of the hotel, and the elevator closest to check in serves this part of the hotel which was the one plus. The carpets in the hallway to the rooms were disgusting, and the same carpet continued into the second room I was given. I’m HHonors gold and was here for 5 nights. I paid for the level I got, and they gave me the smallest of the type. The TV was on a table way in the corner, with a ridiculous couch running the entire length of the two twin beds pushed together with an asymmetric back the rose right up to block the view of the TV. There was…",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
1553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1550-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Clean, Comfi beds, BUT  ...","As an HHonor member I just very recently stayed at this hotel during a long weekend trip with my mom. We were given a twin room on 4th floor. Room was clean, beds very comfi, since it wasn't that warm yet sunny nice dry weather during my stay, the room wasn't too hot or too cold and smelled fresh.  It is true as other guests describe that the carpets are dirty and spotted with dirt, but what can you expect if you choose to stay at one of the busiest places in London much in favour of tourists who come to West End for theaters and shopping. Carpets aren't clean but you will have slippers to put on and walk around safely.  Bathroom was very clean and large for London hotels and offering all amenities, day cream and cleansing foam included which is a great choice especially if you…",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
1554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1550-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location...lets itself down on certain things,"We booked two rooms at the Courthouse Hotel Doubletree in London for a couple of nights sightseeing.  CONS: First disappointment was that there was no tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms. When asked I was informed to ""call room service"". We decided that 3.95 pounds was too pricey for something that should be complimentary. Around 30 minutes later a tray arrived with a kettle and the necessary stuff. No iron in room. Carpet very stained. Curtains failed to shut out light completely. Bath tub slippery. Shower poor with bath plug that was broken. No dish for hand soap. No CNBC channel on the tv. After being told the roof bar terrace was open from Tuesday-Saturday, we decided to try it out on the Tuesday night but it was closed. The pool was only opened from 10am-7pm (the…",Date of stay: August 2010,3.0
1555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1555-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"My colleagues and I travel fairly frequently to London on business. As a matter of convenience, we stay at this hotel because its close to our London offices.   The location is great - easy walks to Oxford Circus, Regent Street, West End, Leicester Square, Piccadilly, SOHO, Chinatown, Green Park. Lots of shops and restaurants all over. You can't get much more central than this.  The interior lobby area is pretty basic but nice enough. The bar area is interesting, as that's where you'll see a few remnants of the old courthouse - the ""cells"", etc.  On my last visit, I was given a room that was very hot - and the AC was inoperable. Their solution: not a new room but a dirty desk fan propped up on a chair. Come on now, I'm staying there a week for £300 a night - go out and by a…",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
1556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1555-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and decor - not great for those with babies,"This hotel is in a fantastic location. Right at the bottom of Carnaby Street and round the corner from the Oxford circus underground station. The lobby is rather unique, and leads to a very trendy and stylised bar.   I must disagree with the comments about unhelpful staff. We arrived in a large taxi and the staff were very helpful taking all our bags (and baby stroller) into the lobby. We were able to put our stroller in the luggage room which was very helpful.  We booked a king size room and were positioned on the 5th floor, near the terrace bar. There was no problem with noise at night (We stayed over Saturday and Sunday nights) and the room was fine. Decent size, clean (except for the carpets which were pretty dirty throughout the hotel) and well decorated. It wasn't hot…",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
1557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1555-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible service but nice location.,"I am a long time HHonor's fan and Diamond elite member up until about a year ago as the program has been devalued compared to other's (ie. Hyatt, Starwood, etc). I stayed at this hotel for one night using points and currently as a Gold member. For the most part the stay was fine with a few exceptions:  1. Bath tub stopper broke causing the tub to retain water. It took the maintenance well over an hour to come up and fix it.  2. The biggest issue, we were hit with a mini-bar charge AFTER we checked out of the hotel. I have called HHonor's corporate HQ. a total of 6 times trying to get the charge taken off my card. After my 5th call, a manager (James) promised me a check for what the charge was and a free night at any DT, and I would receive with in 7 days. Last night was the 11th…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
1558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1555-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal for shopping and sightseeing,"I LOVED the hotel! It is perfect for shopping on oxford street, a ten minute stroll to the theatres, the staff were friendly and very helpful. Our room was perfect , clean quiet etc. We were very pleased with the hotel and will be visiting again, the price is expensive when you book but when you arrive and see it's proximity to everything you understand why.  ",None,5.0
1559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1555-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Be Warned - 0 Star Service for 5 Star Price,"I read reviews for this hotel and decided to pay  extra  seeing that we would be staying here for 10 nights.  We checked in and found our room to be stuffy.  The aircon didnt work and the window didnt open.  They said they would send someone.  They couldnt fix either problem.  We had already unpacked our 10 days worth of luggage and they said we will have to move.  Repacked our luggage and they sent us two floors up.  The aircon was a bit better but still not cool enough.  The mattress felt soft and worn out.  We reported this when we left the hotel at 9.30in the morning.  when I came back at 2.30 in the afternoon, the room was still not made and my key did not work.  I then asked reception if I could speak to the manager.  This was not possible as he was not in his office and…",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
1560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1560-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The Good and the Not-So-Good,"This small hotel used to be a courthouse and is wonderfully located in the middle of the swingiest part of London--SoHo.  Next street over from Regent St. and posh shopping, close to Carnaby St. for trendy stuff and right smack across from the Liberty store.  Just across the street is a Starbucks and a Pret a Manger as well as other eating establishments.  You step out the door and you're in the heart of London.  We worried about night noise but ur room wasn't  on a major street so that was no problem.  Efficient and pleasant staff, OK beds but lumpy pillows, a nice bathroom with all the amenities, a good-sized pool and fitness center in the basement which charged no extra use fee.  All good.  What wasn't so good was the size of the closets.  Two but each very narrow.  The room…",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
1561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1560-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location and quiet, cozy room!","First, location, location, location. Carnaby street accross the street to feel the vibe of the city, most of the West End's attraction within walking distance. We did not feel like in a tourist hub but with the the locals. And the rest of London is available via the many bus lines that drive along Regent Street, a two minute walk at most. The room is a little small, but trying to fit a king size bed in such a central location where square footage is at a premium will cause that. It was very clean, nice furniture, a very comfortable bed and a great, modern and spacious bathroom. For an older building, the soundproofing was very, very good, and the heating/cooling was perfect, with control of your own room. We did not use the restaurant or bar, but there is a nice little french…",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
1562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1560-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but very noisy,"We stayed at the Courthouse for six nights.  It is a lovely hotel and I would highly recommend the location.  The hotel is very attractive and the staff is very nice and willing to help with anything.  The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was great.  The pool and the spa were also very attractive and the staff is so warm that there is no feeling of pretentiousness that some spas have.  The continental breakfast was adequate.  The only unfortunate part of this hotel is the noise.  I have stayed in numerous city hotels so I wasn't expecting it to be quiet.  I am fine with street noises, trucks and the typical siren activity.  This was different.  We had a room on the first floor overlooking the alley.  There was the booming noise from nightclubs until 3-4 a.m. and once…",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
1563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1560-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Do NOT stay in this hotel,"I would not stay here again. The rooms are very small. Ours was also not very clean when we arrived.  They promised to move us to a larger room, but that never happened in the 6 nights that we stayed here. The Manager told me herself that she did not care much about us not returning to the hotel. This is a very bad sign for customer service. Location is OK, but probably in a too busy area. There are other hotels in this price range that are MUCH better. The ""fitness room"" is a joke. It also only opens very late in the weekends.",Date of stay: June 2010,2.0
1564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1560-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Service, Great Location!","Located a block and a half from Oxford Circus, this hotel couldn't have been better positioned for our sightseeing plans.  The only thing that we found lacking was a noticeable sign for the hotel.  There is a Doubletree logo on a flag the color of the building and that's it.  The entryway does not look like a typical hotel.  That aside, the staff was very pleasant and helpful.  Upon check-in we asked for a coffee pot and it was delivered right away.  It was a pot that boiled water and arrived with two packets of Nescafe.  If you want more and better coffee, there is a Starbucks across the street and I bought a 12 pack of VIA.  A housekeeper removed the pot after a couple of days (we stayed for 6) and we just had to call the desk.  I don't know why the pot was removed.  We are…",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
1565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1565-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",We had a great all around experience with this hotel,I relied heavily on the reviews on this site before making my selection on a hotel.  My 22 yr old son and I stayed for a week and I can't say enough about the helpfulness and friendliness of the staff - they really made us feel quite at home and I can't think of anything that did not meet or exceed our expectations.  The concierge staff (shout out to Michael) were very knowledgeable about the local surroundings and we went to them daily with questions and they always came through.  Housekeeping provided an electric kettle and cups so we could have tea and coffee in our room.  We did not use any of the restaurant and bar facilities only because we wanted to be out in the very nice surrounding neighborhoods as much as possible so we took breakfast at the Pret a Manger across the…,Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
1566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1565-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad but far from the best,"Hilton laqgs behind its competitors as far as quality and value is concerned. This hotel comes close but misses  a few marks. Overpriced internet,beds old and creaky spring matteresses. Bathroom is average. Overpriced breakfast. Conceirge service is excellent. This will be the last Hilton I stay at.",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
1567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1565-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel in a very central location--slightly expensive though,"I have stayed in this hotel for 2days and found this hotel to be fairly nice--very central location just steps from the Oxford Circus Tube station and can reach covent garden/west end by foot as well.  The room i got (King Room) was not bad, a comfy but slightly soft king bed. Bathroom was clean as well.  The perhaps only minus to the hotel was that I find the night time staff not particularly friendly nor helpful--day time staff seems a lot warmer and helpful.",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
1568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1565-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great place, centrally located, busy area","We found this to be an excellent property. The rooms were fine and the staff very helpful. Breakfast was expensive, but the cafe's near-by are not so. The hotel is located in a great shopping and tourist area with lots going on and an easy walk to theaters, and many attractions. We would go back.",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
1569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1565-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",awesome hotel in a convenient location,"This hotel lives up to its ratings. The lobby and rooms were clean and modern and the hotel is located very close to the tube for easy transportation. The service was absolutely top notch. The concierge helped me and my wife with travel plans, directions, and restaurant recommendations. Overall probably the most helpful concierge we've ever encountered.",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
1570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1570-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, comfortable room, great service","The rooms are larger than any other that I have seen anywhere in Soho. Clean, comfortable bed and WC. Close to everything you would want in central London - shopping, transportation, entertainment and relaxation. Would definitely stay there again when my business brings me to London. The only negative was that my room faced the interior of the building so no view other than a wall 2M away. Did not affect my stay as I only slept in my room! If you are looking for a Soho hotel with large rooms and a great location, choose this one!.",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
1571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1570-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful weekend in London,"As a present for myself I was in London for 4 days at the beginning of May. In Hilton's January Sales I had booked my room at the Courthouse Doubletree. On arrival my room was not ready yet (I was very early), but I was able to check in and get things sorted. My suitcase was kept and I went into to London. After a few hours I returned and my room was ready.  The room itself was great. Nice and roomy (I had the queen bed guestroom), and very clean.  My three nights at the hotel were a perfect accompaniement to a wonderful weekend in London.",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
1572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1570-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice rooms and fabulous staff,"I stayed here on my own for 1 night while my husband was busy elsewhere on business and then he joined me for one night. I have rated this hotel as ""very good"" overall but I found that it had some really good things and some not-so-good things about it. As for the good things, I liked the very spacious room with a really comfortable king bed and nice and quiet for sleeping. It was a great place to get over jet lag. It was nice and clean except for the carpet which was looking pretty worn out. I can't say enough about the staff. They were incredibly professional, friendly, and helpful. The concierges went out of their way to be helpful. And the location is perfect for shopping and getting on the tube to go sightseeing. Also, we sent our clothes to the laundry and the service was…",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
1573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1570-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant location, friendly staff and excellent room!","Stayed for 2 nights with a friend for a treat, all the way from the north of Scotland.  It's location was perfect.  It couldn't be more central and it was a minute from Oxford Circus tube station.  The hotel itself was very luxourious.  It had a lovely reception with shell chairs and a really nice bar and breakfast room - very quirky as the building was a former courthouse and going though the bars to go into the bar was a treat.  The room itself was spacious and clean, as was the bathroom.  The beds were so comfy, we hardly moved all night - would have liked to have taken the bed home with me!  The staff were so friendly.  The receptionist was really nice and we received our hot cookies!  We had to ask for taxis on occasion and the staff were on the ball and directly us into…",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
1574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1570-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay,"We stayed for 2 nights at the weekend. Having tickets for the London Palladium we wanted a hotel neraby and you can't get closer than this. As previous reviewers have said, this hotel is in a great position just off Oxford Circus and opposite Carnaby Street. The room was spacious and comfortable and being situated on the side of the hotel, was very quiet. Unusual not to have tea making facilities in the room, but perhaps being so central they think it's not necessary. The hotel bar situated at the rear of the reception is a bit drab and attracts a young crowd of non residents, but lacks atmosphere. On the Sunday evening we returned from the Palladium at 10.40pm to get  a drink only to find the bar had already closed, even though it was advertised as being open until 11pm. Our…",Date of stay: May 2010,4.0
1575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1575-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",amazing location,"Visiting London on business and liked this hotel. At the top of carnaby street you could not quibble with its location and is well suited to those that are in London to shop, eat, drink or do business in the west end. There was a confusion over our reservation when we arrived but this was quickly rectified. The pool area was deserted and not large but was big enough for a quick dip. Roof top bar not open during our visit but the bar and restaurant that were seemed fine. Breakfast was fine, nothing to write home about but not poor etiher. Room was again comfortable and pleasant but not spectacular. Given the quality of the staff and location I'd stay again, but if you were planning on spending a long time in your hotel this would not be the one to do it in.",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
1576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1575-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",excellent location - friendly staff,"Stayed here with my wife for three nights (weekend). The staff could'nt have been more helpful ,especially Michael the concierge and Ganesh on reception.I booked through Theatre Breaks which included a bottle of champagne in the room. When i mentioned to Ganesh that we were there to celebrate my 66th birthday (and was also a platinum member of livingwell health club at Hilton East Midlands) he immediately offered a room upgrade. The room was spacious and clean but no tea/coffee facilities. When Vijay brought the cases i mentioned it to him and within a couple of minutes he brought a tray with all the makings. He then returned with strawberries dipped in chocolate to go with the (very smooth) champagne. Excellent service! The only downside to the weekend was the noise at 3am by…",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
1577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1575-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, Ignore bad reviews! x","I come to the courthouse a lot becuase my company always has its seminars here, I haven't actually stayed here but definitely looking to soon because I always look forward to visiting on training days. I've had to guess the sleep quality etc by looking at the other reviews and photos etc, so hopefully 1 day I'll go and be able to tell you what I thought! Overall it's a lovely building the fact it doesn't look very hotel-y from outside is nice there is always a man standing outside so you can just ask him! Just look out for liberty's then you know you're there! The decor of the hotel is absolutely lovely and the food that's put on for us is always nice but then again I don't pay for it! I would just go elsewhere if I was having to pay, but as someone else said the food in the…",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
1578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1575-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, comfortable stay","Great location, walking distance to main squares and short walk to tube station.  We arrived late at night and were grateful to have a nice, clean room waiting.  I had requested 2 double beds and was given a King.  Since one of my daughters was unable to join us, it was not a problem.  The only complaint was that the hairdryer is not located in the bathroom but near the bed which woke my youngest daughter each morning.  The pool is a small square shallow pool, not intended for children's recreation.  It reminds me of a  therapy pool.  The staff was generally helpful and they do have a business computer for guest's use which was helpful to check flight status and to check in on line.",Date of stay: April 2010,4.0
1579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1575-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",excellent staff and hotel in prime location,we were very impressed with the attentive attitude of all the staff whilst still being friendly and unobtrusive. the hotel itself is excellent and in a prime location for theatre and shopping,Date of stay: April 2010,5.0
1580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1580-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Very nice hotel, great stay.","Stayed for 1 night. Very nice hotel, superb location for shopping. Room in the old Magistrates rooms was atmospheric, spacious, and a great bathroom. We adored the pool below the hotel, it was so warm, it was gorgeous. Overall, I would recommend the hotel highly if you are looking for something a bit special. I couldn't fault the room or cleanliness, and a very nice alternative for central London.",Date of stay: April 2010,5.0
1581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1580-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect stay in London,"Absolutely a great location across Barnaby and walking distance to Regent st, Picadilly, Oxford st and theatres, only minutes away from the tube station. An outstanding hotel with a touch , my room was quite large and featured with modern technology and a comfortable  sofa that reminds the good old times :-).  Helpful staff at frontdesk and concierge (got vip tickets to Phantom of the Opera only 3 hours before the show begun). The Capetown - a very good fish restaurant is just next corner.",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
1582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1580-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Not all it's cracked up to be (Lennon, Jagger and Napoleon stayed there)","The location is good, the building has a rich history, and when entering the hotel, the first thing that faces me was a concierge wanting to carry my suitcase. So far, so good.  I was greeted with a warm chocolate chip cookie, and made my way up to the room. Here I was greeted with a ""Welcome Mr. X"" on the TV, which is nice except I'm a Ms. I talked to several other women who were there for the same conference, and a lot of them reported being referred to as Mr. Not a big deal, but it goes along well with the attitude I was met with during the rest of my stay.  I had a room with a queen sized bed. The floors have light carpeting, which need a deep cleaning, or exchange to hard wood soon, as they're starting to look a bit gross. The bed is very comfortable, though it was too…",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
1583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1580-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location with excellent prices,"In the centre of the city: shopping, theatres, monuments, discos....comfortable rooms, clean, good services, swimming pool, restaurant, Bar....just excellent. If you ever have stayed in other hotels in london you know how difficult is to find a treasure like this.",Date of stay: March 2010,5.0
1584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1580-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",An excellent Hotel,We thoroughly enjoyed the stay from the attentive staff to the cleanliness of the rooms made this one of the best hotel that we have ever stayed in.  Steps from the front of the Hotel is Carnaby Village with shops and restraunts and a short walking distance from Piccadilly Circus,Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
1585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1585-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",average though comfortable room,"stayed one night. no wifi in room - had to 'try' and use the in-house supplier - nightmare, no internet access and for somewhere in the heart of London very poor indeed. Hotel 'very' expensive for what it actually is. Rooms decent decor - comfy bed, usual TV channels, air con not too loud... bathrooms good.. restaurant - the old courtroom...interesting, breakfast decent though paying nearly £300 for one night was overboard. Attended a business function, best part was the 90 seat cinema within the building, idea for presentations etc... so consider the hotel for that function only! nice bar area - reception people a tad 'functional' lacking persona and wouldn't budge when I questioned the hotel rates....bell hop's fine..  outside Oxford St and the main shopping districts of…",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
1586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1585-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",great location for shpping and theatre,"We stayed at this hotel for one night in Febrauary, to attend a corporate event in the west end. I have stayed in lots of hotels in London, and this has a fantastic location - oxford street and regent street on your doorstep, and the theatres a short walk away. We found the staff to be helpful (a rare treat for London!) and the bar and breakfast restaurant very nice. I would definitely stay here again either for business or pleasure break, and while not the cheapest hotel, its location is great.",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
1587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1585-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Quality,"From arrival at the The Courthouse Doubletree by Hiltonto departure the staff could not do enough for my wife and I, a warm cookie on arrival was a nice touch and went down well with both of us, we were at the The Courthouse Doubletree by Hilton celebrating our 7th anniversary and the room can only be described as luxuries with plenty space well light with high ceilings and a bed that you did not want to get out of the bathroom that was clean and tidy with plentiful hot water. My wife and I were visiting London to go to the Palladium and anyone that wants a perfect location in stone through off most loved attractions in London would be well advised to look closely at the The Courthouse Doubletree by Hilton.  As for the Bar the ambiance and theme is amusing and informative with 3…",Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
1588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1585-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",BEST WEST END LOCATION,This is my fifith stay at the Courthouse and it once again thoroughly lived up to my expectatations.   The weekend is a Birthday treat from my 'in laws' and we just love the ambiance and attentive staff.  Visit the Paladium Theatre next door and see Sister Act it's brilliant.,Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
1589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1585-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Awesome hotel and the best location!,"We love this hotel and we will never stay in another hotel in London! Very helpefull and friendly staff.  Taxi to the airport is cheaper when you book it from the hotel, cost more if you book at the airport!",Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
1590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1590-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay in well placed hotel,"Just back (today) from a weekend break in this well placed hotel. Somewhat disconcerted to read some of the recent negative reviews, (after booking on the strength of what were very good ones),  so will relate my experience against those, possibly the hotel went through a bad patch in January and has now stepped up its game, as I recognise very few of the issues reported. 1. Location - Very central, extremely  close to the Oxford Street/ Regents Street intersection and Oxford Circus tube (use exit 6), with all the major shopping areas on your doorstep. Just a few tube stops from all the main tourist sites, and very walkable to many places as well, Leicester Sq 20 min, Piccadilly 10, Covent Garden,  /Trafalgar Sq 20-25 min, Maybe half these times by tube. 2. Check in - quick and…",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
1591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1590-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"If you want a reasonable hotel in a great location the courthouse is fine.  It is directly opposite Liberty and surrounded by some wonderful restaurants.  We did find the staff a bit quirky but they were pleasant and helpful.  The rooms and beds are very comfortable and we didn't have any problem with noise from the street.  A couple of peculiarities - our room did not have a wardrobe or draws to put clothes in, fine if you are only staying a night but not sure what you would do if you were staying longer.  Our friends room didn't have a mirror but one was brought up when they complained.  Overall we thought the hotel was good value for the money and we would stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2010,4.0
1592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1590-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",I Will Return.....if Hell Freezes Over,"I had an absolutely horrid experience with this Hotel. The staff are distant, condescending and in some cases, rude.  I am a very frequent traveler and hold a Hilton/Doubletree Gold Card. I learned that the later has very little value.  I was due to arrive on a Thursday for a 2 night stay on a rate that had a 24 hour cancellation. I was flying to London from Nice, France. On the day I was to travel Nice had it's first snowstorm in over 20 years, shutting the Airport and cancelling all flights. Upon the cancellation, I contacted the Hotel immediately (about 1 PM) hoping to cancel the first night of the reservation. On many occaisions in the past in similar circumstances Hotels have shown flexibility on their cancellation policies when the issue was weather; in fact, I have never…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1590-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and that's about it!,"The good - location, room size, big bed, clean. The bad, noisy at night, expensive drinks, impolite staff, tired looking furniture in rooms, no complimentary water or tea/coffe in room.  Don't even bother with the breakfast, its £23.95 for full English.  Try cafe Libre next door which is £6.95 for full English and was lovely with really friendly staff!!  I wouldnt stay again, there's probably better places to stay in London with a better price tag!",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
1594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1590-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Hilton means nothing, 3 star more suitable.","The only positive was that the room was clean, but that should be the norm for any-star hotel. There is nothing 5-star about this hotel. Don't be fooled by the Hilton brand. It is a small hotel with cheap everything. The reception staff was lazy and not helping or I should say communicating. They offer a welcome cookie, which was very nice, but I didn't understand what its purpose was! The entrance is pathetic. You think you are entering a cheap and dirty hotel. The door is locked in the night! I am not sure how you enter if you are outside, maybe you hit the bell and the one person in charge for everything comes over the door and unlocks it. The room was simple, clean I must say, but quite city-like, the airconditioner/heater was awful. There was a lot of noise from the other…",Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
1595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1595-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",not for the price,"I never stay at hiltons but they sent me a gold vip card -- probably to lure me away from starwood -- but this was not a good intro. too many stairs, poorly thought out hotel and rooms, lousy beds, inexperienced and semi-inept service -- also seemed understaffed and ill-prepared for guests. room was nice enough except bed was lousy. no coffee/tea facilities in rooms, no sleep timers on tv (a pet peeve of mine). location is amazing, right opposite carnaby street but there is no reason to be this close to oxford/carnaby street. in fact, a little distance is probably preferred. especially on weekends. also, laundy service lost a pair of my trousers... lame. skip it!",Date of stay: February 2010,2.0
1596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1595-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent stay in the heart of London at a reasonable rate,"Excellent location near Oxford Circus and other nearby tube stations with walking distances to many shops, bars and restaurants.  Good food, quiet, comfortable beds, spacious (suite), fancy, relaxing and yet provides an environment to conduct business",Date of stay: January 2010,5.0
1597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1595-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A Terrifying experience caused by psychotic guests!,"Hotel was fine, annoying to have to provide so much ID mullarkey at check-in when no other hiltons require it! During the night it all went horribly wrong! The telephone rang once at 4am! We were awoken at 0430 in the morning by some maniac who decided to terrorise us as we slept.  He banged violently on the door of the room and then did the same further along the corridor.  this then continued for about half an hour and once more our room was selected for a special banging session. The hotel have apologised on behalf of the guests BUT its a shame the guests were not just thrown out or at the very least asked to leave the next morning and thereafter banned from the hotel. BTW - this was meant to be a valentines romantic event and sadly the memories are of being absolutly…",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
1598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1595-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",We walked out!,"My partner bought for my birthday theater tickets and a 1 night stay at this so called 5* hotel. We stayed at lots of 5* hotels all over the world but when we walked into our room our faces just dropped with disbelieve. The room was absolutely horrific with old plastic furniture, dirty bedding, holes in the carpet, cracks in the walls......  We complained at reception and were told that there was no other room available. Only after speaking with the manager we were offered another room but on the smokers floor. That room was much better, but still, by far not a 5* standard, again with old furniture such as the huge bathroom mirror that once must have been with a silver frame but now shines in a lovely orange as all the paint came off. We actually decided not to stay and walked…",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
1599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1595-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Central location,"If you're shopping, or going to a show, you couldn't be more central! The Palladium (100yds), Liberty (50yds) & Carnaby Street (20yds)!! Oxford Street / Regent Street 200yds. Superb for returning with shopping or for a quiet hour during the day.  Very nice, quiet hotel. Nicely sized modern rooms, for London. Attentive staff. We stayed for four nights rooms 516/517 over the New Year. We did not take breakfast as the streets opposite, around Carnaby Street, are full of pubs, bistro's etc., that do great full english breakfasts from £4.95!  One gripe would be no tea/coffee facilities in room. I just can't understand why hotels don't provide this facility!  Will return, if purely for the location!",Date of stay: December 2009,5.0
1600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1600-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Hotel, Great Location","Super stay. Very comfortable room and super location. Shopping, theater, dining, clubs. Service was excellent, breakfast was filling with good choices. Staff was helpful. The lounge with the old prison cells was fun. Only thing I missed was coffee/tea pot in the room. Did order the afternoon tea platter sampler from room service and it was excelllent!   This hotel has become my new London favorite and I will return!",Date of stay: January 2010,5.0
1601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1600-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay,"My daughter and I stayed here for 3 wonderful nights in the beginning of february. We had some issues at first, but then all turned out great. When we first arrived and got the key, I asked if we'd gotten a none smoking room, which we where not, I was thinking what idiot gives a smoking room to a guest who arrives with a child.  And when we got a new room 214 we soon found out that there was some problems with the hot water. Actually we got to much of it. The next morning I did complaint, and I was told that they should look in to it. When we arrived later that day nothing had been done. When I told the reception for the secong time we got a new room 201 (thanks for good service). Which was a bit larger and came with a bigger bed. Which was very nice. Breakfast was included, and…",Date of stay: February 2010,5.0
1602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1600-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"we booked rooms in their january sale around £140 per room which is excellent value in London - the location is superb, just off Regent Street, opposite Liberty. Our trip was to celebrate my daughter's 18th and I asked if they could put a card or something in the room to make her feel a bit special -alas this request was ignored so a little disappointing. Rooms and bathrooms very nice with Neutrogena products. Noise from outside at the back of the hotel could be reduced by secondary glazing!  Breakfast was disappointing - we didn't mind as it was included in the price of the room but I would go elsewhere for breakfast rather than pay £22.50 extra.  Would return if the prices were still as good,  comfy beds, the location was fantastic and would certainly recommend it.",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
1603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1600-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Right next to the tube.,"Attending the WTM and booked this room instead of the Claridges. Front desk and all the staff were amazing. I am from london but work in Dubai now so it was nice being home and if you need a central hotel, this is it. On Oxford street (well behind it) next to Claridges (a favorite) and on the tube.",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
1604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1600-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, very clean, very friendly","For our family this hotel was a perfect location for shopping, dining and sightseeing. Everything in the hotel was very clean. The staff  was very obliging, friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: December 2009,5.0
1605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1605-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Fine location, big room, short on staff","The hotel, just off Regent St is ideally placed for shopping, eating and entertainment. It is a converted courthouse with many amusing original features like the female cells, complete with built in loos, now part of the pleasant bar. Our room 104 was spacious and well furnished, but with no tea/coffee-making facilities. Air conditioning was noisy but there was no noise from the street (back of hotel). The old-fashioned bathroom had bathrobes, thin towels and no flannels - not tragic, but rather a pity.. There was a well stocked, expensive minibar, but no complimentary water.  At the January Sale rate of £138, including full breakfast, this was outstanding value for central London. Reception was manned by a single person who prioritised the telephone over waiting guests, so…",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
1606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1605-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The ideal location with execllent quality and sized rooms,"The hotel is well located and well appointed  After having stayed in a number of different hotels in London on both business and personal trips - the hotel will be my first choice for accommodation because of its excellent location, rooms and value.",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
1607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1605-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","An elegant, sophisticated home from home","This is a stunning building, which has been sympathetically converted into a quirky, boutique 'style' hotel.  From start to end of our stay the staff could not have been more helpful, friendly or efficient, nothing was too much trouble (espcially given the time of the year, Christmas Eve and Christmas Day).  The room (ours was a King Superior) was clean, comfortable and spacious;  the breakfast and dining room are a wonderful surprise, having once been the waiting room and old court room.  This has been the best hotel experience we have had in a long time and look forward to returning again soon.",Date of stay: December 2009,5.0
1608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1605-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",We have found our hotel in London!,"My first ever review for TA - had to let everyone know how good this place is.  We stayed for two nights the weekend before Christmas.  What an amazing find.  Have tried dozens of hotels in London, and never stayed in one so central and close to everything.  Two mins walk to Hamleys, two mins to Oxford Circus.  one min to the Palladium.  Our only complaints were that the breakfast room seemed a but busy and disorganised on the first morning, but this was resolved for the second day - it looked like someone more senior was on duty.  Room was great - Queen Room - massive bed, clean, with tons of pillows and no noise.  Did noy get to try out the spa, but how many other hotels in central London have Spa treatments, or even a pool?  We have now found our hotel that we will look to…",Date of stay: December 2009,5.0
1609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1605-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic!,"Absolutely wonderful hotel. I've stayed in many hotels in central London and I can safely say that this is definitely the best yet. Excellent location- you're directly across from the north end of Carnaby, right around the corner from the Oxford Circus tube stop, and just off the Regent St/Oxford St shops!   The staff are wonderful, the concierge was amazing, and the room service was quite good, too! The rooms were large and the bath was always kept fresh with towels and toiletries. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.. and plan to on my next trip to London!",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
1610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1610-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","good location, nice hotel...room not that great","The couthouse is right in front of Carnaby Street, and excellent location for shopping in Oxford Road.  The bar area is unique as it has booths that were the old Magistrates court cells.  The breakfast area is the Waiting area and court areas.  The Room was not that great, despite asking for Non-Smoking, we seemed to have ended up in a smoking floor , which was a bad start.  The Room carpet was heavily stained, the window had a damaged rope and as such difficult to open (Safety issue!).  The bathroom has a frosted window between there and the bedroom, which at night if you put the bathroom light on, you will shine light on whoever is sleeping and wake them.  Spa was a bit of a let down, could only manage one person at a time, so when re-booked for the Saturday the person in the…",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
1611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1610-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",perfect shopping location,"Located at the end of Carnaby Street, a few steps away from Regent Street, the perfect hotel to explore London and 5 stars at a reasonable price. When we arrived the hotel gave us a room next to the elevator, but since we didn't like it too much they immediately gave us an other room, which we really appreciated. The room was big (certainly for London standards) and really quiet. Since we had a 12-year old with us we had a roll-away bed in the room, but it didn't bother us. Breakfast was OK, but on the small side. The spa with swimming-pool was nice after a long day in London shops. But the best of the hotel is it's location! You step out the door right into Carnaby Street and Regent Street, it takes you a 10 minutes walk to arrive at the West-End theatres. We booked a musical…",Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
1612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1610-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Superb Location!,We were very pleased with the great location of this hotel. We had never been to this part of London and did not know the area. It was just right with the hotel being in the middle of all the excitment. Everyone at the hotel were very helpful in giving us directions and maps to The Tube and places of interests . We were also given a very attractive suite that was very quiet. We appreciated that especially after a long day of sightseeing. Hilton Doubletree also offers a great continental breakfast in a lovely decorated room.  A nice touch in the lobby were the fresh apples for the taking. The lobby was also decorated very nice with modern touches. We definately will stay again at this fun and well taken care of Hilton Doubletree .We enjoy staying at Hilton properties.,Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
1613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1610-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",The Best hotel in UK Yet,"My partner and I love to travel. And make it a point to try different hotels especially the Hilton, Hyatt and the Marriott. This hotel has got to be the second best hotel after Mauritius Hilton Resort and Spa so far.  Hilton Honours points paid for our stay at this beautiful hotel. We arrived quite early and obviously before check in time. We asked the concierge if we could leave our bag as we didnt want to lug it around all day. He suggested kindly  we try and check in early in case our room might be ready. The lady at the reception desk was very friendly, greeted us with a smile, good news that we could check in and 2 warm cookies! *bliss* We went up to our room, and was not expecting it to be so modern and ... classy. Especially after having stayed at 11 other Hilton hotels…",Date of stay: October 2006,5.0
1614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1610-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and pleasant but not a 5 star,"Friends and i stayed last weekend, the location is amazing, near Regent/Oxford and Carnaby street.  The entrance is niceish but a little cold. When checking in the receptionist gave us all a warm choclate chip cookie which is a lovely touch. The bedrooms are just about a four star, bare, no pictures on the wall and ours had filthy carpets, i complained to Reception but nothing was done about this, the girl however was apolagetic.  The breakfasts were good and had a lovely selection.  The staff were nice in particular our Conceriege, he was v friendly and we made sure we tipped him before we left. Overall we had a lovely stay but i would think you would have to pay more to get a nice bedroom",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
1615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1615-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location for a short break treat,"We stayed at this hotel recently for a weekend break in London, but wanted something special, yet affordable. Being a converted courthouse gives the hotel an edge when it comes to quirky authenticity, and the location just off Carneby St / Oxford St / Regent St is perfect for access to shopping and decent restaurants. The staff were all also very attentive to individual requests and still seem to apply the ""service with a smile"" concept so many other hotels just don't get. This is definitely one of the better hotels in London and will see us again!",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
1616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1615-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Rolls Royce Treatment,We stayed here for a long weekend. Wonderful attention to detail. Spacious room. Warm swimming pool tucked away in the basement. Breakfast  is a a treat  here with Bircher's Muesli and all sorts of exotic options for little ones and grown ups alike to try.. Situated opposite Liberty's and around the corner from Hamley's Toy shop. The Doorman remembered our son from a trip 10 months before. We were very impressed. Looking forward to our next trip. Around the corner from the Tube made this an ideal central  location.,Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
1617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1615-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location - bed definately had springs,"Location great, staff pleasant, external decor great. Room disappointing.  Looked out onto wall, small, bed most uncomfortable I've slept in for a long time.  Had a late night and woken up by housecleaning around 9am in the corridors, though I did have DO NOT DISTURB sign on door.  In a 3* I would accept it, but not in a 5*",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
1618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1615-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location,"This is definitely in a great location, at the end of Carnaby  St and close to Piccadilly Circus. Plenty of restaurants, pubs and clubs.  The staff looked after us very well and the rooms were really nice. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here, so much so we cam back the following week to finish off out 2 week vacation.  I have already recommended this to a number of my friends who travel to London.",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
1619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1615-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"We originally picked the hotel for it's location as we were taking in a show. It is ideally placed for the West End and numerous good restaurants, no taxi's needed. We found the welcome we received, the decor (it's an old courthouse with the original cells as part of the bar) and the whole experience was excellent. The room we had was a tad small, a queensize bed, but good value at £165 ro. Think we'll try a larger room next time. Sky TV for the sports fans. Will be going again.",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
1620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1620-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience!!,"The concierege guys were amazing--they helped us with everything.  Room was beautiful.  Shower--not so good,  hot or cold.  Bed needs to be replaced.  Room service excellent, location excellent--restaurants on both sides excellent!",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1620-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very well located hotel,"This hotel has an outstanding location at the edge of Soho, just off Oxford street, about 2 blocks from the Oxford tube stop.  It is extremely convenient to shopping, theaters, and restaurants.  Just outside the door are lots of wonderful eateries and the liveliness of Carnaby Street.   The hotel lobby is very impressive and stylish.  Check-in was extremely efficient.  The warm cookie on check-in was a nice touch (this is the first Doubletree I've stayed in that actually had cookies available on arrival).  The only disappointing part was, as a Diamond, I received a lesser upgrade than the Gold who checked in immediately in front of me.  I'm not sure why the hotel gave a Gold a better upgrade than a Diamond!    My Executive room was stylish and large by European standards.  The…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1620-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",GREAT HOTEL AND GREAT LOCATION IN LONDON,my husband and i traveled to london in spetember for vacation . we picked this hotel for two reasons one was we are hilton honors members and second was for the location and price of hotel.  we were not disappointed with our choice. the location on upper regent street is close to walking for most of the london attrations and also only one block from the london tube station  which you can take to get any place in london. the room size was good and bathroom large for european sizes. the staff was very helpful with answering any questions we had. the breakfast  was good every morning and staff there were very accomadating.  we spent total of six nights and would stay at this hotel again if we traveled to london.  there were also several pubs and resturants on the same block and…,Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
1623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1620-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location and Service,"This hotel is in an excellent location for shopping and theatre's. This hotel's history is on view in the bar where you can still see the cells and  in the restaurant, which was court number one. The check in service was goods and the hot chocolate chip cookies were a nice touch. We arrived early before check in time but our room was ready and available, nice touch to send a memer of the staff to our room to check everything was ok  about 15 minutes after we arrived.  Facilities in the room were good, although the television was not great as many of the channels only had very low volumn difficult to hear, may not bother most. The food in the Restauarant was good. I would point out that they added 12% service charge to everything, even the bar bill! The bill received when leaving…",Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
1624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1620-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel with an Excellent Location,"This was my first visit to London and I had some leftover Hilton points so I decided to give this hotel a try.  The location was convenient.  I took the underground to Oxford station and the hotel was just 3 blocks away.  When I arrived at the hotel, the doorman greeting me and took my bags.  The person working the front desk was very polite and the check-in took only a few minutes.  When I arrived to my room, I was surprised how big it was.  I have been reading travel guides that said the rooms are a lot smaller in London but this was not the case.  The room was clean and the bed was quite comfortable.  The fitness center was a bit small with a treadmill, bike, and an elliptical machine.  I was the only one working out so it was not a problem.  The downstairs bar/lounge was a…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1625-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location and a restful stay,Check-in was efficient and the staff member who served us was incredibly friendly and helpful. We were presented with the delicious and warm complimentary cookies and asked if we required our baggage to be taken to our room. Interior of the hotel is amazing and I wish we had had more time to enjoy it. The cells that have been converted into private rooms in the bar complete with original toilets have to be seen to be believed! Our room was on the sixth floor and upon entering it became evident that this used to be a smoking room as the cigarette smell still lingered. This bothered me for the duration of our stay and I did mention it at checkout but understand there's very little that can be done about it. Apart from this niggle the room was spotless and a good size. Shower was…,Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1625-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Little place and a secret pool and spa!,Just had a very enjoyable 1 night stay at the Courthouse Regent Street. This was booked through my Hilton honors points so I didn’t have to pay anything for my stay which is always a bonus! Had a quick check in with a very friendly sandy haired fellow and the welcome cookie was divine- warm and melting with chocolate and nuts! Yum! The hotel lobby was beautiful with some lovely design features and water features and large comfortable couches- very plush looking.  Location wise this hotel is hard to beat- right in the centre of everything! There is a Pain Quotidien next door which is ideal for breakfast or coffee at any time. The hotel advertised breakfast was £23.00 for the works which is way too steep but Ok if you get it included in a package deal I suppose. We decamped from…,Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1625-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasant stay in terrific location,"I stayed her for a couple of nights.  I had a last minute request to work with my client in London.  The room was very nice.  The internet service worked.  The neighborhood is fun.Hilton  I stayed last night and am leaving tomorrow morning. I asked for a Queen and as a lowly Hilton HHonours silver, no upgrade was forthcoming. The room is nicer in my opinion than the comparable room in the Paddington Hilton. More space (I think), nice bed, couch, chair, coffee table, nice desk. The bathroom is fine (marble) with one of those Euro design showers (bath with partial glass pull-away divider so that the floor gets wet. The rack for the bath towels is by the sink on one side of the bathroom. The rack for the hand towels is on the other side, at the end of the bath. Or, maybe the hand…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
1628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1625-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",This Hotel has been ruined since the Hilton takeover,"I've stayed at the Courthouse several times for business in London - but I hadn't had the opportunity to do so since Hilton had acquired the property and taken it over from the Kempinski brand.  In short, I'll never be staying here again.  I do not often give poor reviews - for anything - but this stay managed to pretty much underperform anything I've EVER experienced in business travel.  First, a bit of context.  I'd been booked in to the Courthouse for a 10 day stay for business here in London.  I'm often in London for business, and choose between one of two hotels - this or the Cavendish on Jermyn Street.  I was originally checked in to a room on the second floor - knowing the hotel quite well, I knew the room would be close to the noise from the Palladium that let out at…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
1629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1625-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","We will never stay at this site again, ever.","The hotel is in a great location, however, it comes nowhere near the Hilton brand standard.  Our room was great, large with a nice sized bathroom.  That is where my goodwill ends.  Our problems were as follows: 1 - Our standard request is away from elevators and on upper floors, we were given a room steps away from the rooftop terrace - with a bar.  Not much for quiet. 2 - The Concierge(s) were awful.  We inquired about local laundry service and were told many different things A - ""Come back tomorrow someone can tell you then""...B - ""No, there is only laundry done on Mondays""...?...C - ""There is no local laundry in central London""...D- ""Yes, there is laundry service, but we don't know anything about it.""  UGH!  They finally sent us in a direction to find a site (and sent us…",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
1630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1630-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great Hotel, Great Location","We took advantage of Hilton's recent half price offers to visit the Courthouse Doubletree, reserving one twin room and one King. We absolutely loved it. As you may have gathered the location is so central that it could easily be the London hotel from which all others measure their distance from. Carnaby Street and Liberty are just across the road, Oxford Street and Regent Street are a minute away and the London Palladium is next door. Oxford Circus underground station is two minutes away. Hard to think of anywhere in London that would be more central. So that is the location sorted, what about the hotel? The name gives away the fact that the building was once a magistrates court and its former use provides the theme for the public areas. The bar even has three of the original…",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
1631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1630-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, but it needs new an air freshener system","Stayed on points (150,000 Hilton Honors Gold level, from August 29 to September 4). Beautiful Lobby, fabulous location!   Room 319, a very lovely, very large executive room had a broken air conditioning system and a rancid smell coming up from the grate in the bathroom floor and into the room. Staff sprayed the room and I covered the grating with a wastepaper basket. Staff told me that the front desk knew there was a problem with that room. We stayed in that room for one night and then were changed to room 617, which is a stunning huge room with lovely windows and views. Problem with 617 was the air vent from other bathroom exhausts exit into this bathroom and there is no way to block off the vent. The bathroom and this room always smelled foul. Kept windows open and made due. I…",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
1632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1630-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location!,My husband and I stayed here for two nights.  Our room was spacious and had a large bathroom.  I enjoyed the great view from the room of Carnaby Street and Liberty's.  We could even some of the London skyline.  It was VERY quiet.  Our room on the sixth floor overlooked the hotel's new rooftop terrace lounge.  During our stay there were few or no people at the lounge but it looked like it would be a cool place to hang out and have a drink.  The rooms have air conditioning but the weather was perfect during our visit so we just opened the windows and enjoyed the breeze.  Check-in and check-out were quick and efficient.  The location is great for shopping in the neighborhood and for accessing the Underground.  Getting to the hotel from the airport is quick and easy!  We took the…,Date of stay: September 2009,5.0
1633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1630-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",very pleasant stay with outstanding services,very well located and confortable hotel; very good service and warm staff. fair prices;,Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
1634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1630-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",If I have confirmed reservations I expect a room,"We had a confirmed reservation; got to the hotel at 4:30 and were told that it would be about an hour before our room was ready. That was odd -- 4:30's usually a safe time to show up -- but okay. No problem. We came back an hour later, were told that it still wasn't ready, and after some loudly expressed disbelief we were told that the guest who had stayed in it last night hadn't left yet, hadn't taken his luggage, and couldn't be reached. It wouldn't be much longer, though, they said; take a free drink on us. About 45 minutes later we were told that the room had been vacated and three ""girls"" had been sent to clean it. It would be ready in no time now.  It was ready at 7:30.  The last desk clerk, a young man, was upset by my anger but tried to keep his own rage in check -- a…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
1635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1635-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Fantastic !! staff, quality of hotel & services were amazing.","I had booked this hotel as a spa package weekend for a 'sophisticated' hen do and it did not disappoint. From the warm welcome, to the high standard of our rooms, the amazing spa pool and treatment area to the rather generous afternoon tea, this was a truly brilliant stay.  The breakfast was very generous and the rooms very quiet, which considering you are facing Carnaby street I found astonishing. The bride to be and friends voted the whole experience a complete winner. I have been very fortunate to stay in some wonderful hotels all over the world and this would have to be my favourite, right down to the beds that feel like a giant marshmallow - it was the best night sleep I have had in ages!",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
1636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1635-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location but five stars it ain't...,"We used to live in London for many years so now when we go back it is for the purposes of being royally spoilt.  The location of this hotel is hard to beat, but regrettably after that the rest can be a little disappointing. It is not a bad hotel, but it does not have quite the quality that you would expect from a 5-star hotel in the London centre.  The lobby is pleasant but the decor of the rooms is rather average. The gym and the 'spa' are miniature-sized and because of the limited facilities you have to book in advance if you want to use any of them, so there is not necessarily room for that spontaneous swim. When it comes to the service, well that as well is a bit hot and cold; some of the staff was great but others just indifferent.",Date of stay: June 2009,3.0
1637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1635-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,"My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights at the end of July and could not find a single fault with it. The location was excellent, the bedroom was clean and very spacious and the staff were very friendly and accommodating. Having previously stayed at Hilton hotels in other cities across the UK, the breakfast at the Courthouse Doubletree was much superior - the waffles were especially amazing. We did not use the leisure facilities or eat in the hotel restaurant. We're already looking forward to returning to London and will definitely stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
1638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1635-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"Stayed for one night as my partner and I went to see a show and we wanted to make a weekend of it in London. The Hotel is very attractive inside with a lovely looking lobby which leads to a contemporary bar with original bars and cells from when it used to be a court. The location is fantastic - just across the road from Carnaby Street and about a 3 minute walk from Oxford Circus Tube Station. Our room was attractive and fine for what we wanted for a 1 night stay, though if I were to pick holes I'd say the following; there were no tea or coffee making facilities which we missed. There were a couple of stains on the duvet cover - one that looked like a greasey splash and the other that looked like lipstick (though I have no doubt that it was clean, just stained I think). The…",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
1639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1635-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent ,great location....perfect!","I booked this hotel for a weekend break with my husband. The location could not have been better, we walked the whole weekend ( which is unusual for me!) , with Regent Street 2-3 mins walk), nearest tube ( Oxford Circus) also a few mins walk away you can get anywhere in London from this hotel. As i was a Hilton Honours card holder we were upgraded on check in which was a great surprise, got a lovely room with little sofa/dressing area on the 3rd floor which was quiet and had everything we needed ( except an iron and ironing board!) however when we asked for one it came in 5 mins so great service.....the staff were happy to help with anything, the concierge was fantastic and helped give us advice on a number of different places we visited, including recommending local restuarant…",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
1640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1640-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",a memorable stay,"The service we experienced from all the staff was friendly and first class. The room and bathroom were both of good size and immaculate. The location is very central both for shopping and sight seeing. The only thing we had to request was tea and coffee making equipment, this was brought to us within 10 minutes and i understand from management that they are looking to put this in all the rooms.",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
1641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1640-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great locagtion and service,Although a regular Hilton user hadn't even realised this hotel exisited until I saw it in one of their latest promotional e-mails. Hotel is excellently located - opposite Libertys; room was very good (upgraded as a Hilton Diamond holder) Staff were very professional and friendly - particularly at breakfast where nothing was too much trouble - the staff were all very attentive without being intrusive. Food was fine - certainly on a par with most London hotels. Roof top terrace is now open  to all guests but didn't get to use it much due to weather. Downstairs bar was quite quirky with the old cells from it's former life as a courthouse still in use - and drinks weren't exorbitnaly expensive! A couple of minor negatives - no coffee making facilities in room and housekeeping was  a…,Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
1642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1640-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location - Terrible Breakfast!,"This hotel has a great location - 5 minutes quick walk from the underground (Oxford Circus) together with Regent Street and Oxford Street, and directly opposite Carnaby Street. The rooms were well appointed generally (beds, linen, pillows, slippers, gowns ... ) but have a completely inadequate shower screen which resulted in water everywhere and to be quite honest is pretty dangerous, and the TV didn't work (but credit to the staff they did fix it whilst we were out). For a busy location the rooms were very quiet but it was midweek. There is a very busy and loud bar on the ground floor - when we got in at 11pm there was vomit everywhere and a very shoddy job had been made of clearing it up by breakfast the next morning (the rug in reception was vile and the mens loos were still…",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
1643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1640-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Outstanding service,"The Hotel location is fantastic.  A lot of entertainment and leisure in close proximity.  The staff is phenomenal and the facility for London standards ""great.""",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
1644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1640-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good stay overall,"We booked the Doubletree very last minute through an offer from travelzoo. The room was clean, spacious with plenty of hot water. We were a little disappointed that there were no tea and cofee facilities in the room and felt it was cheeky to charge so much for a cup of tea (perhaps all pre booking literature should state that this facility is not provided, it would have been cheaper to buy a kettle and teabags!). The breakfast was fantastic, plenty of choice and the bar was a real novelty. We would definitely stay here again but it would have to be an offer.",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
1645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1645-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Good Hotel, Bad Service Experience","Beautiful hotel with an excellent location. Used Hilton Honors points and Continental breakfast was included. Excellent breakfast. Our issue was with the air conditioner in the room. It would not work and stayed at 26 degrees Celsius - VERY hot. Called it in 4 times, and were not sure if they ever actually looked at it after promising to fix it with in 5 minutes time. Finally we switched rooms, but the whole ordeal was very annoying. We hope to get our points back. None the less, the rest of the hotel was very nice.",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
1646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1645-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel in an Excellent Location,"I did not even know this hotel existed until it came up on a London based booking site.  The location was excellent and most of the rooms had large beds so I booked.  My room was ready after a long transatlantic flight which was a big plus.  Service on check in was prompt and friendly without being over the top.  The room itself was of decent size and had everything that I could have wanted.  It faced the rear so, while having no view, was very quiet.  Some of the furniture was a bit nicked up but everything else was in good repair.  The king bad was not quite as comfortable as at Hiltons in the US but still better than a lot of hotels I have stayed in over the years.  Water temperature varied a bit but I did like the option of using the fixed overhead shower head and the hand…",Date of stay: July 2009,4.0
1647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1645-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Service & Superb Location,"Had a superb weekend at this hotel. From the moment we walked through the front door we encountered friendly, helpful staff. Reception, Concierge and Bar staff could not be faulted. We had a huge room, very nicely furnished. We were on the side of the hotel overlooking the Palladium, no view to speak of, but it didn't matter. We walked all over London from this location.....so easy to get around. Had a great time, we will certainly stay there again on our next London weekend. Don't be put off by the exterior, it is after all an old courthouse. What goes on behind the facade more than makes up for it.",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
1648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1645-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking unprofessionalism,"Looked a lovely place in a great location. Unfortunately our room was double booked so were shunted off elsewhere to an unsuitable location with only a ""free"" taxi ride to compensate. With no thoughts given to the weekend we had planned. Book with caution",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
1649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1645-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay,I had read some marginal reviews prior to booking. In my opinion some people just can't be pleased. Check in was smooth and our rooms were in excelent condition. The staff was very courteous and efficient. Our rooms were very large by European standards and the location provided easy access to all parts of the city. I would recomend this hotel to anyone visiting London.,Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
1650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1650-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"Excellent service, very nice people, excellent location, very clean. I absolutely recommend this hotel!!!",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
1651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1650-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,We found the hotel easily from Oxford Circus tube station.  A very short walk away....past some lovely restaurants and pubs ;)  On arrival to the front lobby our bag was kindly carried in and we checked in with ease.  Got our free chocolate welcome cookie as well !  I was contemplation asking for a room upgrade (as it was our anniversary) but there is no need to.  We were then escourted to the lifts with our bag being carried again.  Up to the top floor (floor 6) and to our room.  We had the most basic room (as it was part of a last.minute.com) fun comedy weekend package.  The bed was massive and the room over looked the roof tops of London.  At a push you could see 'Libertys' from our room.    Lots of channels on the t.v. and even had a socket for your mp3/i.pod on the clock…,Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
1652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1650-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","""Wonderful Place to stay""","We have just return from a wonderful weekend break - I must say from reading other reviews I was somewhat apprehensive - from the time we arrived the staff were very helpful and welcoming nothing was to much trouble, the hotel is in a great location for shopping, theatre’s, restaurants, and sightseeing. The roof top terrace was relaxing, we ordered a snack and drinks and for us the choice and quality were excellent.  The hotel was delightful with helpful and friendly staff and the rooms were spotless, spacious and very well decorated, there was plenty of choice for breakfast, again if you wanted anything special you only had to ask.  I would strongly recommend this beautiful hotel and will definitely be going back again!",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
1653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1650-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Didn't impress me,"This hotell had an amazing location, near Carnaby street, Oxford street, Regent street and all that Soho offers. No complaints there. But from that point everything was dissapointing. The first morning we discovered that the shower was broken, so we had to hold the shower-head ourselves. This was of course fixed later that day when we told the staff. But shouldn't the house-keepers have discovered that when cleaning the bathroom and made sure that everything was okay for their new guests? I definitely think so. The next day the lamp behind our tv almost started a fire. We luckily discovered the smoke and smell, and prevented that from happening. This happened due to old and poor lampscreens. The staff was once again sorry, and changed the lampscreens in our room. Later that…",Date of stay: June 2009,3.0
1654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1650-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Great location. Nicely appointed. Disappointing breakfast.,"Just came back from a long week-end in London where I spent 3 nights at the Courthouse Doubletree. The location is absolutely perfect: right at the end of Carnaby street and 200m or so from Oxford Circus. We were able to walk everywhere!  The staff overall was friendly, but this could definitely be improved. An apparently crazed cleaning lady burst into our room the first evening (she did knock but forced her way in the room), checked into the closet, and then left. She kept repeating something in a language that we could not understand. I also felt rushed by the staff for breakfast the last morning.   The room was clean, well appointed and the bed comfortable. I liked the translucent window around the mirror in the bathroom. The AC appeared not to be working when the lights are…",Date of stay: June 2009,4.0
1655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1655-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","The Courthouse, convenient,comfortable & charming off Carnaby.","We traveled to London after a long gap of ten years,as our last experience had been terrible and we had vowed we would never go back.However it was our 13 year old daughter who finally convinced us as she was very keen and wanted the family to visit London together.I have to say it was a decision I will never regret. We checked out The Courthouse which was recommended by a dear friend who happened to know the owner.It seemed nice on the net (sometimes that could be misleading) but we decided to go for it anyway.We confirmed our bookings with the owner Ms Reema Sanger a lovely gracious lady who gave us a great deal with an upgrade of room inclusive of breakfast for the 3 of us. We arrived on schedule and was pleasantly surprised at how conveniently located the hotel was.Oxford…",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
1656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1655-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",A cool hotel in a great location,"The hotel is a former courthouse with the courtroom (it still looks like one) converted to a fine dining restaurant and jail cells converted into private drinking spaces in the cocktail lounge, very cool.  The staff was friendly and accomodating.  Our room was clean, quiet and comfortable with plenty of space.  A minor problem was the absense of drawer space in the room, although there were shelves where clothing for a week-long stay could be stored.  Two phones in the guestroom, one in the bathroom.  The bathroom was very nice with tub/shower, sink, toilet, and bidet with marble walls and floors.  Instead of a shower curtain, there was a somewhat unusual half shower door to contain the spray with limited success, but fear not, the floor was equipped with a drain,  Location was…",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
1657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1655-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but not a great hotel","This hotel is superbly located for shops and theatre but it is not a great hotel, sadly the rooms and the service do not deliver.    The staff do not appear to enjoy what they do - a couple of examples: on arrival by taxi, the person on the door stood watching and didn't open the door or help with bags. Even the taxi driver thought it was poor !  I arrived after an overnight flight at 1pm and the first words the receptionist said was you can't check in till 2pm, no ""welcome"".  I politely pointed out that I had requested an ""early"" check-in and invited her to see if my room was free, which it was.  There was no need for a tart and rude initial response.    The hotel aspires to be a boutique hotel, but doesn't compare to others such as One Aldwych.  The television in my small room…",Date of stay: May 2009,3.0
1658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1655-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",recommendable,astonoshing breakfast buffet with lots of different things which fully meet expectations. but for the price of the room I would be happy to not have to pay additionally for internet.,Date of stay: May 2009,4.0
1659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1655-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth it's 5 star rating...,"We stayed at this hotel after booking it through a well known 'last minute' website.  We got a considerable discounted offer on a standard double room - which turned out to be very small and quite ordinary.  The hotel itself was pleasant enough, but certainly not worthy of the 5 star rating it had been given.  The best thing about this hotel is its location on Great Marlborough St.  The hotel also over-charged me twice on a room service transaction  - an amount was taken out of my account after i had checked out and settled the bill.  This took a great deal of sorting out as many of the staff dont speak english.  Its worth giving it a try if you can get a big discount on the rooms - but at £300 for a usual stay for a standard, id def not recommend paying full price.",Date of stay: April 2009,3.0
1660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1660-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Will Always Stay At The Double Tree In Future,"We are very pleased to have found this lovely hotel in a super location. We have tried many hotels in London, this one may not be the plushest, but it is way out in front on service. The staff are ALL lovely, friendly, helpful, professional, just fantastic service, could not fault a thing during our stay. Yes some of the decor/carpets could be improved and the breakfast wasn't brilliant, but I was just so pleased with everything else that it did not bother me at all. The room was lovely, super bathroom with lovely toiletries, everything you could possibly need was provided. It is the only hotel I have stayed in that served food until very late in the bar, wonderful for Theatre goers and the Palladium on the doorstep as well! I would have no hesitation in recommending it to…",Date of stay: May 2009,5.0
1661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1660-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 5-star hotel,"The hotel has not the services of a 5-star hotel. When we arrived nobody help us to bring the luggage in room, there wasn't the doorman at the entrance, the sauna was closed, to use the swimming-pool you have to book and you can use it only if the girl of the (small) beauty center is not busy with a massage, the gym is very very small.  As regards the room it was small and the bathroom as well. Mine was clean while my parents' one was dirty and outside the window they had a small terrace with broken bottles and cigarettes (we had to ask the consierge to clean immediatly). The hotel it's modern, but not a luxury one.",Date of stay: May 2009,1.0
1662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1660-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",shockingly awful breakfast,Stayed there for 1 night Decent room well equipped and the location is great The chocolate cookie at check-in was fab! You have to ask for a kettle in your room - delivered quickly but a pain to have to call room service Pool and gym - both very small but ok. Buffet breakfast - awful awful awful  the old court - now the restaurant is a soul-less and badly converted space -the food at the buffet was very mediocre and the coffee really awful. Heaps of great places nearby for brekkie - Leon - opposite and Pain Quotidien along the street (this is an expensive option)  Pret a Manger  - on Carnaby street is a minutes walk for good coffee and breakfast options,Date of stay: April 2009,3.0
1663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1660-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",DoubleTree hits the mark.,"Stayed 6 nights in early April while in London at the  Courthouse DoubleTree by Hilton, London Regent Street (located on Great Marlborough Street).  The best thing about this hotel is the location, bar none.  It's right in the heart of the triangle created by Carnaby Street, Regent Street and Oxford Circus (which in and of itself has a lot to offer).  And you can get ANYWHERE within the metropolitan area within minutes via the London Underground which is a mere 2 minute, very pleasant walk (avoid the heavy pedestrian traffic of Regent Street during the rush hours times by taking Argyll Street) to the Oxford Circus station.  A nice stroll south along Regent Street takes you to Picadilly Circus and then turning right down Picadilly itself you walk along toGreen Park, turn left and…",Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
1664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1660-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",great location but hotel lacks soul,"Have stayed here a few times before, largely due to location which is fantastic - right next  to Carnaby St & Soho, 5 mins walk to Oxford Circus, 10/15 mins walk to tussauds. I felt safe walking to the hotel with my young daughter late at night, as it is just off Regent st which is generally busy and well lit. Hotel has beautiful public areas but there is a strange atmosphere about the place, the most accurate description is ""the hotel with no soul""  which is largely due to some of the staff working there (apart from the lovely helpful doorman). The reception is totally inadequate, check in took ages largely due to the unfriendly large rude female working there.  (She was rude to guests and other staff alike).  Breakfast was ok but again there was an uncomfortable atmosphere …",Date of stay: April 2009,3.0
1665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1665-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Location - a great addition to Hilton in London,"I love the location of this hotel - its so convenient for the tube, and so easy to eat out at night. Its a little difficult to spot as a hotel but its directly opposite Liberty's  The rooms are fantastic, I missed no tea/coffee facilities though and there is no executive lounge but the location more than makes up for that. The cocktail list is very good - and it could be quite a happening bar - the decor is really good but the music is awful more of muzak !   The breakfast room is quite small so at the weekends you can queue up - particularly if you sleep in. Better to have brekkie earlier if you can drag yourself out of the comfortable bed  There are also a few teething problems - some of the room cleaning was not as good as it could be and room service was very slow. The…",Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
1666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1665-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London","Fabulous location, service, atmosphere","Just came home from a week at the Courthouse Doubletree.  It's lovely.  The staff were great--helpful, courteous, and very accommodating.  The location can't be beat; it's about a block from Oxford Circus station and smack in the middle of great shopping and theatre venues.  I'd be happy to stay there again for all of my London trips.",Date of stay: February 2009,5.0
1667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1665-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",So close to 5 stars,"Stayed in Feb 2009 for one night and highly enjoyed the stay.  The building as the name suggests is an old court house and makes good use of the old facilities.  Such as the bar includes some cells nicely made into small lounges, even with the old WC in place (naturally not in working order).  The food in the restuarant was good, a little over priced and the chips were slightly cold, but filled a hole none the less.  The room I stayed in was superb, the bed unlike another review was superb and was as comfortable as any I have seen in a hotel.  The room was well appointed and everything had an air of class about it.  The only reason this is not a 5 star recommendation is down to the lack of tea and coffee making facility and a hair dryer, which I needed to dry my clothes after…",Date of stay: February 2009,4.0
1668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1665-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Already recommened to friends & Family as a place to stay,"Wedding anniversary weekend, excellent Hotel, Room as good as stayed in anywhere, Location superb, lets just say "" a lot of Brownie points earned !! "". Very tiny point was Breakfast on Sunday, staff found it very diffcult to cope with a full Hotel.",Date of stay: February 2009,5.0
1669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d446925-Reviews-or1665-Courthouse_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Courthouse Hotel Reviews, London",Just OK Place,"Stayed there (as “Courthouse Doubletree by Hilton London-Regent Street”) for two nights in January’09.   Had a “Large Bedroom” in 2nd floor which was a quite large one, especially in London standards. Otherwise the room had a decent size LCD TV, OK bathroom, quite big table and a nice couch. “Room with a view” this was not (see the image), but I wasn’t really expecting that in downtown London. I received warm cookie at reception and two small water bottles in the room.   Room being a connecting one was the only main issue for me, since there was every now and then quite a lot of noise coming from the room next door. This was clearly because of the connecting door instead of normal wall.   Hotel seems to be quite recently renovated, at least I didn’t notice any stains, dirt…",Date of stay: January 2009,4.0
