,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or0-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Wow,"Arrived in the evening, very dark and uninviting. Reception not very welcoming. Room was in the basement, very noisy down there. Fire escape out the window was blocked, room was like something out of a horror film, TV didn't work. For the price and location though it's what you would sort of expect. Saving grace was th bed was actually comfortable and sheets very clean. Got a good night's sleep and that's all we needed it for. ",Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or0-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Small room,"Great location for the pice we paid , the room coul barely fit 3 beds , but they placed 2 single beds plus 2 very uncomfortable beds , the room need a refurbishment same the carpet, if u want early check in u need to pay 20£ for the wifi is an extra 5£ wooowww",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or0-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Miss,"Bloody fantastic for the money.  Where else can 3 adults stay anywhere in the country for £40?! (For all,not each)   Had read reviews,panucked a bit, and found them completely unfounded. Probably isnt the poshest, biggest, immaculate  dwelling  but has tv, heating, clean beds, adequate bathroom, friendly desk staff and is brilliantly situated. Would definitely return",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or0-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't stay here unless you're absolutely desperate,"Firstly, we chose the option to pay at the hotel. The receptionist took the money off my card without permission before I arrived. I worked as a receptionist before and I know you can check the card is valid, but not take the money unless the person doesn't arrive etc. and we had let the hotel know in advance we were coming late evening. Secondly we got a bad vibe off the receptionist as he was just staring at us, not letting us know whether he started with the check in or not. Had to cough and ask if everything was okey with our booking after an uncomfortable moment of silence and being stared at. Only hotel I've ever felt like I should have brought something to stop the door from opening from the inside. Beds itself was fine and clean. Carpet was dirty and bathroom was disgusting. (Also posted this on hotels.com's website)…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or0-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Just about fit for purpose,"Had to book this last minute as my airbnb cancelled without explanation. Both price (£100 for a triple room) and location were excellent. Right near all shops, tube station etc, and also a very short walk to Freddie Mercury's old house which we did.   Other than that, it really is quite poor. Receptionist wasnt there, so we had to wait for 5 minutes. We arrived at 12, only to be told check in wasnt until 2pm which is fair enough. Twice I was told the room is ready, for £20 I can let you in now if you like, but I didnt want to pay an extra £10 an hour. Asked him if I could leave my bag, he took it off me and charged me £5. Never ever been charged for this ""service"".   Room itself wasnt great. It was small and had a tv. Beds were comfortable. The double bed didnt go all the way to the wall because the radiator was in the way, meaning you were constantly losing your pillows down the back. The bathroom absolutely stunk due to the vast amount of mould on the ceiling. Shower was fine, handle was hanging off.   I wouldnt stay again unless I was desperate.…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or5-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Lower standard - better for travelers on budget,"Once we read experiences of other guests, we have to agree with most of information. So first of all - staff was helpful and smiling, whatever we needed, and they were able to help, they were more than happy to help, no complaints here. Slightly worse was quality of accomodation. Noisy fridge, mold in the bathroom and noise outside also (the street was under the reconstruction - nothing to do with this hotel, certainly). We got room in the basement, so the noise was quite big, also this hotel has laundy carts parked right in front of this room, so you can imagine the noise once the laundry is louded to the truck. Furnishing remembers better times decades ago, but the housekeeping was daily cleaning and we had the hotel just for sleeping, so it was ok at least for the awesome…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or5-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Tired but great location,"My daughter & I arrived in/around 10 p.m. after an early 3.30 a.m. start, 7 a.m. flight & 3 engagements in London. Room was barely bigger than the double bed &the furniture was tired. I suggested that my daughter keet her socks on - the carpet has seen a lot of traffic. The bedding & towels  were pristine.  I was too tired to check the matress (having read previous reviews). The bathroom was clean but cramped. The shower stall was a good size. At the price we paid I didn't  expect toiletries. I wasn't disappointed ;) No air con. Room very warm. Didn't dare to chance leaving our window open as adjoining wall stopped at window. Rear room. Quiet. Hotel quiet. Great nights sleep.  Warm shower. ""Thank-you madam "" on ch. husband had me second guessing my decision after having read…",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or5-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",It’s passable ,"Stayed here for 4 nights when on a family trip, personally I found the room I was staying in to be quite small and the bed was not much wider than me. The bathroom had  I cold water and when I investigated further there wasn’t even a cold water pipe under the sink. It’s great as a base to leave you things and to go explore London but apart from that you wouldn’t want to spend too much time here. It’s very close to a sainsburys and an underground station. There is paid WiFi and the staff were as helpful as possible.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or5-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",W didn't go in the end because of all the awful comments,We were booked into this hotel but wrongly so didn't read the comments on Trip Advisor before booking.  We just read a few from Booking.com.  Two days before our arrival we read the comments and almost every one of them was very bad.  Particularly the mould in bathroom and other places and stained and torn carpets etc.  I suffer from asthma and can't really be in a room or bathroom that has so much mould.  One guest took photos which were quite an eye opener.  Really feel that Booking.Com should look into this.,Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or5-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",An okay place to use as a base,"So, prior to visiting this hotel I’ll be honest in that we were slightly apprehensive following the previous poor reviews. It’s not THAT bad, certainly not 1 star level. The room was ok, the service was ok, it was in a great location with it just a short 5 minute walk to the nearest tube station and loads of pubs and eateries just round the corner, it was also quiet and the bed was really comfortable. The hotel is a bit tatty in places, the stair carpet certainly needs changing. The wi-fi is ok, although we were charged £5 for it. There’s lots of signs of wear and tear and the hotel in general is in real need of a good spruce up. It’s an ok place to stay though and to use purely as a base for exploring London.",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or10-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Location was great, but that’s about it ","First impression was the extremely scuffed, and cracked leather sofa in the lobby...did not look comfortable to sit on, and all the luggage blocked the other chairs. They charge to watch your luggage. Oh and our luggage was left out in the open while they “watched” it from behind the desk. It costs five pounds for that. The staff we encountered was cold, flat, and not very friendly. Only one house keeper said hi to us out of all the staff combined. Everyone else seemed annoyed that we were there. It was very hot in the lobby...and for anyone in the states...there’s no ac...not even in your room. Which is not uncommon in London, and even though the weather was decent, the inside was stuffy. Your key keeps your lights on. It was great coming back to a pitch black room at…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or10-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy and an absolute dump!,"I stood for 2 nights there because it seemed like a good, close to the underground and decent place.  Man, I was wrong. The place is filthy dirty with stained carpets, mold all over the bathroom and curtains and poor ventilation.   The graveyard shift guy offered me internet and I even asked if the signal was good at room 106 before buying the password from him for 5 freakin pounds, but, surprise, surprise! The signal was inexistent and the front desk clerk refused to give back the money (that was paid in cash and had no receipt) because he “didn’t have the authority to do so”.  The place has no elevator and you have bad news if you’re on the top floors.   I’d rather sleep on the streets than coming back to this dump.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or10-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",don't come here,"DON'T GO HERE seriously don't come here. The staff is rude, the room is terrible, the second day here we came back at 3 pm and the room hasn't been cleaned, so we went out again and came back at 5 pm, asked if it was clean and received a positive answer, but it wasn't. So i talked to the manager and he said he'd talk to the clean service which he didn't. too expensive for a for a horrible hotel.",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or10-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all cost! There are much better options at the same price or a little higher.,Nothing to like about this hotel.  My wife and myself are used to staying in budget hotels and the price we payed for four nights we didn't expect anything more than a low budget hotel.  Desk staff was totally uninterested and slightly irritated at our arrival. We got a room on the lower ground floor with a tiny window facing the road. The room stank of mould. The bathroom was dirty with visible traces of black mould. The carpet was dirty. One of the power sockets looked burnt.  When we were really to sleep we had to close the window as anyone could have come in during the night. The next morning we were woken at about 7 am by two staff members arguing right outside our door. Both my wife and myself had heavy symptoms of allergy no doubt related to the presence of mould. Puffy…,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or10-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",I wont ever stay here even for Free,"Its a terrible place, cant call it a hotel its more of an individual hostel, half of the staff cant speak English, the manager is rude as hell, the rooms are very small, i was travelling alone and i am just 4 feet 11, very petite even then i could bot fit into the shower area, there were brown stains on the carpet and the curtains were dirty as hell, there was also mold on the walls, it was mentioned when i booked the hotel tgat a hair dryer will be provided but when i asked for it, i was made to pay a 20pound deposit, dont waste even a single penny on this hell hole",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or15-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",avoid,spent 4 nights here 3 sharing a 4 bed!!!! room what a squeeze put you up beds...carpets from stairs upto and including room were dirty had rips tears and stains iron burns etc didnt dare go barefoot or with socks on...upon returning one evening the stench of cannabis was over powering..the only redeeming factor is the sheets were clean.on one wall were smear marks god only knows what bodily fluid it was.extremely overpriced avoid at all costs,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or15-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",If you have a good sense of humour and can laugh at your terrible mistakes - go here!,"I am usually not a complainer at all! I usually stay in £10 a night hostels in London as my friends and I usually see no reason to spend money on hotels when we are out most of the time and literally only need it to sleep. As I went with my partner this time we wanted to stay somewhere a bit nicer as it was a present and so wanted our own room.   Usually I see reviews of places to stay and assume they are exaggerating; usually this is the case and I'm more than happy with the place. This time however I so badly wish I had seen the guest photos and read the reviews on here. (Booking.com gives an inaccurate rating system to bookers??? Something I've since found out!) Like I said, I usually find it very hard to complain and am far too lenient if anything! But this place is honestly…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or15-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"I was booked into this hotel through work. Normally they’re cheap budget hotels so I can understand you get what you pay for. However there is a certain line surely. I stayed in a ‘double room’ which was a single bed with the side pulled out to make it double. The room was filthy from the moment I walked in. Carpet is vile and could do with replacing (if they don’t want to have to look after them then have no carpet is what I’d suggest). The walls are all marked and mouldy. The bathroom was covered in mould which Infact was so bad that next to the toilet you could actually see the furry bits. Shower was dirty and stained, throughout my stay wasn’t cleaned either. The lights where missing bulbs. My first night I stayed I had a shower and went to dry my hair.. none of the sockets…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or15-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid. Avoid. Avoid.,1. Rude staff. A smile wouldn’t go a miss :) 2. Dirty carpets. Please clean :) 3. Very hot room. Not suitable for couples. Please have air con :) 4. Such a dirty place. Definetly wouldnt recommend. I would max pay £5 for a one night stay for this place.,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or15-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Great for the price! ,"Having read the reviews I was thinking I had made a terrible mistake in booking this place. I tried to keep an open mind and I wasn’t disappointed.  Yes the place does look a bit shabby HOWEVER, the bathroom, towels and bed linen were clean. The bed was very comfortable. There was a safe, a fridge and coffee making facilities in the room.  None of which I expected for my £36!  The people that have complained about rude staff, were you expecting a concierge? I met the owner who was very chatty and welcoming.  I would have no hesitation in staying here again. It is a 3 minute walk from the tube and is surrounded by amenities and is not in a run down part of London so I felt completely safe during my stay. ",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or20-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for! ,"You should believe all the reviews. I arrived at the hotel with my male companion to stay for one night. My friend spoke to the miserable and rude man on the desk as we arrived who just continued tip tapping on the computer with barely a greeting grunted at us. He left us standing there for a good five minutes before I said to him ‘so is our room ready?’ To which he snappily replied ‘of course’, I went on to ask ‘how long until we can check in then?’ he just snapped back ‘Now’. I initially thought he was being homophobic as we were 2 men with a double room booked, but it would appear after reading the other reviews that the staff are not fussy about whom they are rude to! We got into our room that was in the basement, the carpet was sodden with water where it overflows from the…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or20-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",No complaints,I do not understand the negative reviews. I stay here when i work in London which is most weeks. The room is always clean as is the bed linen. The ensuite is always clean and the staff are friendly. Not sure what more you want for working visit or somewhere to be based out of when exploring London. If you want the Hilton then pay the Hilton prices.,Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or20-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Unclean & sloppy,"Sorry to say but cannot recommend.   Unclean and sloppy look, furniture worn out, rooms ”artwork” hanging upsidedown. All the lights do not work. No soundproofing. Room and specially the bathroom super cold - there was an additional radiator which we used and it was still freezing (and we are from Finland and used to cold..).  ",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or20-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Shame!!,"I try my very best to think more about the positives when staying in hotels due to previously working in this profession myself, I nearly gave this hotel a 4/5 but due to the service encountered It just wasn’t deserved. Arrived for 2 nights this month at a price of around £37 which is great value in believe, arrived 1 hour early with no greeting just a stare! Was told was too early to check in and to take a seat for the hour but luckily he did check me in after 20 minutes, the room itself was kind of large with bright tall windows so was very happy with the room for the price paid! Won’t go into much room detail but came with typical hotel items such such as tv,hairdryer and tea/coffee and the morning after I went down for breakfast around 09:20am and purchased the £5 voucher…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or20-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Just Don't,"Do yourself a favour and book somewhere else. While this place looks promising from the outside and is in a great location, that's all it has going for it. Our room had a very stained old carpet. The walls had stains and holes. We were on the ground floor and one of our windows didn't even close cause the handle was broken off. The sheets weren't clean. The bathroom was the size of a closet. There was black mold in the shower. A chunk of the bathroom sink was missing. They charge too much for Wi-Fi that hardly works. I had hoped to use one of the two computers in their lobby to print my boarding pass (they advertised printing and computer services) but was told by the rude receptionist that neither computer works and he couldn't help me. Even after he ""offered"" to print the pass…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or25-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible experience,"Stayed for 2 nights and Had a horrible experience in this hotel, staff were so rude and unhelpful. Rooms were tiny, beds were not made and rubbish on the floor! Refused to give us an extra towel, they only gave us one when there was two of us staying in the room. No air conditioning or fan and windows didn’t open. safe was broken. You have to pay for WiFi and for them to hold your luggage which is left on the couch at reception with no security over them! I wouldn’t recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or25-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not Good Enough,"Stayed here for three nights, in a lower ground floor room. The room itself was small and dirty, with carpet stains and dingy curtains. Two lights were in working order while another two were not. Also, a picture on the wall had 1/4 of a frame missing which was odd. Also, two power points didn't work and one would only work if the plug was half out of the socket, when it did work it hummed loudly from the electric/static which I'm sure must but bad! Also, there were cables out everywhere and on one morning the cleaners did not clean the room fully, leaving dirty cups and not replenishing stocks.   Location was decent, close to Earls Court Station and a few pubs and restaurant nearby however this was the only highlight. Bathroom was also good enough!",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or25-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",A place to crash,I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights  The staff were friendly  Easy to find 2-3 min walk for earls court Underground   The room i stayed in had stained dirty carpets  The curtain ties were broken  I had to book the kettle on the floor as the only accessibly plug was on the floor by the door The shower was abit rusty and didnt shut properly and the toilets roll holder was broken  But those sort of things dont really bother me that much .  If im honest.. its a perfect hotel if you are just looking for somewhere to crash for the night cheaply.   ,Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or25-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not completely disgusting but somewhat acceptable.,"Walking in and you can already see a hint of what you’re about to walk into. The room size is adequate but there are no lifts either. I’m not going to lie, I was pretty shocked to see that they were charging £5-£10 on WiFi!!! I would probably prefer to sleep in reception since I came into the room with the dirty or very old mucky carpet, the bed clearly looks outdated as some parts have been scratched off and by the looks of them, they are not even proper beds! However... the room does provide a small tv, a chair, some tea and coffee. Overall the only good thing I can say is that the man on duty at reception seemed lovely. After reading the other reviews, I think I will opt out of having the breakfast tomorrow and just go to my regular spot instead. ",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or25-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not what you expect,"Rated as three star, but really a no star place. I guess this London, but really no excuse for for the state of this place. Disinterested staff, small rooms with fold out camping cots as beds: the springs are sticking out! A 5 pound breakfast gets you toast and boiled eggs. Great location, reasonably clean, but expect just a step up from a Hostel.",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or30-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",you pay for the location...,"The reception guys were friendly and just nice. The kitchen personnel also friendly. I am just afraid that the kitchen personnel is under-compensated. Dear hotel manager, please, could you buy these lovely ladies a dish-washer? The breakfast room is tiny. We had people moving into the hotel in the middle of the night and they were loud. Please, do yourself a favor. Do consider staying here when it is not hot outside.",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or30-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Nice hotel, easy check in and out.  Room comfortable and clean stayed in a triple room plenty of space to walk around.   Shower was a trickle could have done with a bit more pressure!! There is no lift at this hotel.  Breakfast was basic but you could eat as much as you wanted (toast, boiled egg, cheese, cereal, tea, coffee, juice).  Earls Court tube station is a 5 minute walk away.  Sainsbury on the corner Coop further along, plenty of pubs and loads of places to eat.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or30-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,Hotel is not clean. Staff not friendly or helpfull. Rooms very small and old. No airco. Bad breakfast with only cheese jam and boiled eggs. Low price good area. On arrival at 13.30 we were told check-in from 14.00. Returning at 15.30 the rooms still were being cleaned.,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or30-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Good ,"Friendly and happy staff, homely atmosphere. Clean room and bathroom, on a quite place. Breakfast could be better. Close to tube, shops, restaurants.A place to return! Despite negative comments, it is not 5stars hotel. Please be rational.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or30-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Typical low budget accommodation in London,"I was hoping I'll manage just one night at this hotel, however I was surprised that I left the hotel without forming a complaint. Upon arrival, the receptionist seemed welcoming, and that's the only positive feedback I am able to give. In the room, carpets were clearly old or not well cleaned, beds also weren't appropriately washed, the sink (and bathroom in general) was too small and what could be worse than an unpleasant odour being present in the room? We were informed about ""breakfast"" (or ""bread on a plate"" is a better way of describing it) which you can imagine was also appalling. Not only was there a lack of space and tables, the staff didn't really help or serve anything, they chatted and giggled behind the counter instead. As mentioned previously, the only option was…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or35-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Suitable low budget friendly hotel,"The best thing about Saint Joseph are the receptionists who are welcoming and helpful as well as the amazing location of the hotel . It is located two minutes walk from Earls Court train statin , pubs and restaurants and vibrant safe nightlife . It’s not a luxurious hotel but a basic one to those who are outdoors lovers and don’t like to spend time at the hotel but for the basics ( food and sleep ) .  It’s also located in a safe neighborhood .",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or35-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting and appauling service,"Filthy, stinky room in the basement.  When I opened the window for some fresh air I was greeted with trolleys of dirty bedding just outside my window.  The toilet cistern ran constantly and when I went upstairs to complain at reception I was informed by the rude man on duty that he would get someone to look at it the following day.  I said this was unacceptable and he informed me that is I was not prepared to wait then I should take my bags and go somewhere else.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or35-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Rancid,"So it's not every day reviews are right but in this case they are. This hotel is disgusting! We stayed in room LG6 and was greeted by filthy carpets, curtains, walls and windows. As it's been 30 plus degrees in London we opened the window and the cill was black with filth, opened the door and again was rubbish,dirt and cigarette ends all over the place. The walls were water damaged, the air vents were filled with dirt it's just a horrible place to stay. What's worse is we had an uncomfortable double camp bed to sleep on. I had to fix the toilet every time we used it because we flushed once and it didn't fill with water afterwards. I'm sorry but for 80 pound a night I'd expect more. Also expect to pay 10 pounds to get the remote for the tv.   On a more positive note. We were…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or35-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"Good location. Other than that I would avoid this hotel. The rooms are tiny, and not very clean. In our room, the tv didn’t work, not all the lights did either, there was a half smoked old cigarette on the top on the cupboard in the bathroom (took us two days to figure out why it stank!). The breakfast is very basic-toast, pre sliced cheese, hard boiled eggs and cornflakes. The kettle in our room boiled over everywhere when I only put enough in for one cup. A lot of stairs and no lift (so it wouldn’t be suitable for anyone who would struggle with several flights of stairs). The staff weren’t very friendly, and tended to look away from you. Oh-one other good point, you can leave your bags there on check out day for a fiver a room. Won’t be staying here again...",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or35-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",A real disaster,"The hotel is very well situated and that is about the only positive factor,the manager is unfriendly and arrogant,before he even receive you he makes you wait for minutes, the value for money could be it but you can hardly take a shower because on low water pressure, for 3 days ( all of our stay ) the wifi didn't work, no elevetor, breakfast ridicoulus, ( coffee, sliced cheese, bread and some jam ) always the same! A real shame.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or40-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",NOT RECOMMEND,"I do not recommend this hotel to anyone. We stayed a week in this hotel. Fortunately the weather was beautiful so we spent whole days outside the hotel. Rooms are very, very small. No wardrobe, just a few hangers. Dirty carpet, dirty curtains, dirty walls, windows were washed in the previous century. Bathroom very tiny, with a leaky toilet. The shower was just terrible. The only one plus was that the towels were changed every day. Breakfast very basic but you can eat something good in the area. I understand that this is a low-budget hotel but it does not mean used and dirty. If you have to stay for one night, ok. But avoid if you want to stay longer in London.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or40-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not good stay,"My stay in this hotel was the first in London and the last Not as expected as a 3 stars hotel, the room was too small and uncomfortable. At first, when we arrived, the receptionist was very rude with us and was talking with us aggressively, not sure what was his name ""could be Ashraf"", but the rest of the stuff were very kind and helpful with us especially ""Naglaa"" who made us feel like we are at home because of her hospitality. To be honest, the hotel is located in a very good place and near to Earl's court underground station 0.3 miles",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or40-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,"Stayed overnight, found location ideal, easy to get to 5-10 minutes from tube station Quite location clean, reasonable breakfast. Room clean and tidy own bathroom. Good value for London. All transportation nearby , would use again.",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or40-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Earls court is a great locstion,"I am in two minds with this hotel. I stayed here with my 15yr old for 6 nights. It is very well located; the room was fine- very basic but warm and a view over the street. Free WiFi is always good. The carpet in the room was pretty awful and the bathroom whilst having been modernized had a leaking toilet.  Breakfast was a bonus with cheese, hard boiled eggs, cereal, tea, coffee, toast, fruit juice.  Don’t stay here if you want glamour or luxury, but do stay here for a well priced and very well located hotel. Easy to get to and from all the main sights.  ",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or40-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",RUN AWAY,"This is the worst place I’ve ever stayed. This was a last minute booking since our boiler crashed at home. Do not stay here, we even saw bed bugs and when we told to “the receptionist” he mentioned that maybe we brought in the bugs. We checked in at 7pm and at 7:45 we checked out. The carpet was so dirty, the towels full of hairs and a long etc. ",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or45-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",If possible AVOID,"This would be the worst hotel accommodation I’ve ever stayed in but for one thing - I left after a three day stay with no bedbug bites. Our immediate reaction on entering the room was to find another hotel but, not being made of money, we decided to stick it out on the basis that it was literally somewhere to sleep and shower.  First the positives: the bathroom was clean (relative to the rest of the room) and the shower was working, powerful and put out hot and cold water. The bathroom light was identical to my bathroom light at home, even down to the collection of dead moths inside the shade. The hotel is just around the corner from Earl’s Court Underground. It was a mere £80 a night. The beds, despite their appearance, were not too uncomfortable. It is within walking distance…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or45-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible shock -avoid,"Arrived late at 9pm stayed one night only as too late to find somewhere else. Threadbare stair carpet, badly stained in bedrooms, holes in walls, curtains hanging off, dormitory style beds(2 single made up as a double), headboards ripped, heating on full thankfully could open windows. One shower filled up and took ages to empty. One safe locked so couldn’t use. I don’t recommend this at all needs total revamp. ",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or45-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place been so far.,"Mold all over bathroom, beds we're fold down cots. Tiny room. Definitely will not go back. Booked through travel agent and won't be using either again. Pics below. London was nice though, but hotel was not as you can see.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or45-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Awful - AVOID,"Booked this hotel through late rooms and regretting my choice.  When I initially booked the room was advertised as a ""pay on arrival"" break. They took £100 from my account upon booking without me knowing. I was told they were taking the card details for check in and it wasn't.  Today I've checked my bank and 2 days later they'd taken another £100. So now i'm £100 down.  The room was gross. The shower was filthy. Toilet seat was worn, the carpet was filthy and the bedding was stained.  The room, which was a twin, was tiny and the beds were like put up beds which you'd sleep on at your mates house as a kid. the headboards on the beds had all the leather peeled off. Breakfast was a choice between toast with a jam, or cornflakes. There was a bowl of eggs but nothing to cook them in.…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or45-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Rip off,"The owner of this hotel has taken 80 pounds out of my account and won't refund me. Keep well away, I booked this hotel on 16th Aug to stay here 5 days from the 9th Oct, I then found one nearer to Olympia and because my husband can't walk too far I booked that one and cancelled this one by phone direct to the hotel Big Mistake, I should have gone through who I booked through or did it by email because although I had no emails welcoming or thanking me for booking with him, (like I did with the other hotel) he took 80 pounds out of my account for a no show even though the website says you can cancel up to 48 hours before your stay and I cancelled almost 2 months before yet he said I never cancelled. I m 62 and stayed in hotels all around the world so I would never no show as I…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or50-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",We checked in and then checked straight back out again!,"We spent all of 2 minutes in our room before checking out and demanding a full refund. The room we got had a small double bed, with very little room down one side. The room was like a ‘shoebox’ compared to the pictures on the website. On the bed was a patterned blue bed spread, which had stains and a holes in it, as did the headboard. The carpet was dirty, there were stains on the walls and the room had a bad smell. It was like we had walked into mucky teenager’s bedroom. Didn’t take our coats off, turned around and demanded a refund, which we were thankfully given one after the member of staff called the manager.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or50-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not too shabby!,"I am just back from a weekend here and I am so surprised how fine it was after reading all the dreadful reviews! I was very worried. First of all the locality is ideal, a 5 minute walk from Earls court tube station. It was so easy to get to all the sites and tourist attractions. Now the room was VERY basic, the beds were camper bed but was very tidy. The bathroom was modern. I am in my 20's so the beds weren't too bad but I can see how they would be a problem. If you are young and enjoy the club scene, the best places to go are AT LEAST 30 minutes in a taxi so be aware. Tje staff are very friendly. Wifi was not free.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or50-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Don't go,"One of the most abysmal hotels I've ever stayed in. Over the course of a four-day stay, my room was never cleaned (despite repeated requests), and the original state of it was not that good to begin with. The bathroom smelt weird. The downstairs service was curt and surly, and the ""breakfast"" terrible. On reflection, I should have slept in the street.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or50-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Extraordnarily bad,I had a very bad experience staying in St Joseph Hotel. It was the filthiest place I have ever stayed - even by cheap bunk-room hostel standards. I still have trauma about this place. And I travel a lot.   You could not pay me any amount of money to stay there again.,Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or50-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Just don't bother ,"Usually I avoid leaving negative reviews and only like to talk about places I've enjoyed, but we wouldn't want anyone else to be disappointed like we were. The pictures on booking.com made us think 'it looks ok it will do'. But we only ended up staying one of our two nights.  The double bed was two camp beds pushed together, with no headboard etc, and the thick black mould made our chests heavy in the morning (and I did four years at university in mouldy uni digs).  It is in a good location on a nice street, but it was so dirty, the toilet leaked all over the floor whilst we were out all day and the windows were black.  Don't stay here, get a hostel private dorm room if you're looking to cut costs as at least you know it will be clean. We're both well travelled and not fussy at…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or55-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel experience ever,"Firstly I just want to say I'm not a picky person as long as my surroundings are clean. I read a few reviews before I came here and thought it will just be people moaning as usual So I'll just go with a open mind as it's only somewhere to use as a base. This was the dirtiest room I've ever stayed in! Don't even know where to start! The carpet was black, the windows were covered in dirt, fold up camp beds all three, wires dangling from the wall!! Breakfast was a joke boiled eggs and toast so we sacked it off at went to McDonald's. We paid £230 for 2 nights, I wouldn't want to pay £20 and by the sounds of other reviews ours was a better room. We told reception who said they would move us rooms but we said not a chance as we have a child with us so we paid another £170 and moved to…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or55-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Quite appalling!,"Pros: - The manager at the front desk is friendly, helpful and welcoming - The location is good  Cons: - Rooms are very run down with dirty carpets, broken door handles, chipped bathroom furniture and creaky, wobbly beds - The beds in the rooms are like camp beds, very thin and I would say almost half the width of a normal single bed - The room we were in on the 2nd floor was unbearably hot all the time!  - The water doesn't run at a consistent temperature - I had to have a cold shower 3 times - The staff are appalling! On the first day during breakfast they were blasting the music through the TV and screaming and laughing at 9am. Not the relaxing breakfast you would hope for. They even shut the door to the breakfast room so the manager wouldn't hear their noise until he came…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or55-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel experience ever,"Stinky room full of smoking smell, dirty carpet, cold and heater not working. This hotel the worst hotel I have ever stayed in the smell of the room was awful and which sticked to my cloths, I couldn't even breath properly. Cold, it was freezing and heater wasn't working and I went to the member of the reception who said, well we can't turn the heating system on, and nothing can be done to night, REALLYYY? He said you can speak to the manager in the morning, I asked for another room which he said no room vacant tonight. In the morning the manager was very rude who said look we don't have any room available and he will ventilate the room that's all, and after long discussion he said I will give you another room, which I refused to take and walked away to different hotel. Terrible…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or55-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Run-down, stained and smelly","Stayed here for one night because it was cheap and in a good location.  Pros: quiet street (very thin walls, though); bathroom was clean, with relatively new-seeming fixtures; staff were friendly and polite. Cons: carpet and walls were very stained; bathroom smelled like some sort of very vile toilet cleaner, which eventually gave way to a strong stale smoke smell throughout the room; the double bed was two fold-out camp beds pushed together; the only bedding was a sheet and a very dodgy-seeming coverlet, which we tried not to touch (thankfully it was a warm night); the holes and old nails in the walls made it all feel a bit like a formerly decent hotel that was now being used for tax evasion.  All in all, run-down, stained and smelly, although not overtly filthy (e.g. no hair…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or55-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Vile,"We stayed here after a gig in London. Thank goodness I was drunk is all I can say.  Carpets were filthy, not a proper bed, it was a camp bed (not even a single) walls had damp/mound on them. The stairs creak like crazy on the way up. Only upside was that it was clean (toilets, bedsheets, towels) I wouldn't recommend. Ok for a cheap stay but there's nothing luxury about this place. And the free continental breakfast? I wouldn't bother unless you want toast and hard boiled eggs!",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or60-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",House of Horrors,"We booked our room here on booking.com. The pictures didn't look too bad. Weren't expecting anything fabulous but nothing actually prepared us for what we got. Upon checking in the man behind the desk wasn't friendly. This alone was off putting however after a massive few days we were just keen to get in and settled. No elevator, hope you enjoy climbing creaky old stairs with your heavy suitcases. Upon entering the room we were greeted with what looked like sofa beds or camp beds. Large windows that couldn't be seen through as they hadn't been cleaned or wiped over in what looked to be perhaps 3 to 4 years give or take.  The carpet... I can't even.  Disgusting.  Needs to be ripped up and burnt securely in quarantine. We opened the bathroom door to be smacked straight in the…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or60-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend ,"Stayed here one night in may for a work thing. Didn't expect it to be magnificent since it only cost £45 but I instantly regretted it when I opened the door. The room was tiny and smelled like a damp old basement. The bed was not terrible and I'm sure they clean the sheets but I felt dirty lying in it. The carpet was disgusting and made me not want to take my shoes off. The bathroom however was surprisingly nice! Looked newly renovated, no mould. The staff were friendly. The breakfast was fairly bland. Just some toast and cornflakes. Would not recommend.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or60-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not worth a penny,"It was awful! Rooms very bad condition and dirty. The location is amazing! The breakfast was disgusting! No seats for all guests, only the bread was worth eating. Very bad hotel but cheap. No remote for the tv. Just bad. ",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or60-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Good for a cheap stay,"The room was fine, the double bed came as two single beds pushed together which kept coming apart in the middle of the night, and do not expect anything special from the breakfast! Staff were very friendly however, and will accommodate all your needs!",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or60-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Was great for a stopover..,"I stayed here in Dec. 2015. I arrived around lunchtime, but the staff were happy to watch my bag with no bother while I popped out for a pint. The room was clean, warm & the shower was fine..not bad at all..",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or65-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",DISGUSTING,"DO NOT STAY HERE  I can not even begin to tell you how revolting this hotel is. The reception area was pretty shabby but nothing could prepare you for the rooms. We walked into our room and it smelt so strongly of human poo. The towels were in a pile on the bathroom floor. We checked the mini fridge to try and solve the poo mystery,  but we were greeted with an old mouldy roll. The bed were like fold out camping beds, which I could just about deal with. However the hairs in the bed were too much. The carpet was so filthy, it was covered in dirt, crumbs and hair.  We went and complained and we were given a different room, this room didn't smell of poo, the towel were neatly folded on the bed. BUT....the carpet was probably even more disgusting in comparison to the first room and…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or65-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Rubbish hotel ever!,"This hotel is 3 stars??? Oh come on.. Maximum with good will its just 1star. I was there this weak for three nights. Dirty place, bed with no strong pedestal just on camp leg good maximum for kids on summer camp, dirty really DIRTY carpet, smelly room, windows probably nobody was four years... just have a look to my photos like a proof. When I ask about wake up call, they promised YES, but nobody in morning called.. And I payed for 3 night 250,- british pounds??!! :(",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or65-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Perfectly acceptable stop over ,"After reading the reviews it was with some nervousness we checked in to the hotel. Arriving 30 mins before hotel check in time we were met at reception and given a key to our room on the lower ground floor straight away. The room was nice and warm for a December afternoon and the towels and bedding all perfectly clean. Ok, the carpet in the room was grubby with an iron mark on the floor and the shower wasn't very powerful but what do you expect for a budget stay? The room was a perfectly acceptable size with patio doors to the garden and was nice and quiet. Don't expect 5* luxury as it's a 2* hotel and you get what you pay for. I can't speak got any other rooms in the hotel but from our stay I believe many of the previous reviews do not paint a completely accurate picture of the…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or65-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Leasure stay,"The hotel was advertised nicely on the website, unfortunately this was not a true reflection of what guests were to expect when staying. Double room had only enough room for the bed. No towels on arrival, bad smell in the room which probably was the reason the bedroom window was left open 2 foot ( which we left open all night as there was no air con and it was unpleasantly warm on the 3rd floor. Reception staff were grumpy and disn't even waste my time arguing. Tried to book another room when i arrived but as it was late that we checked in i could not find another available hotel. I would never stay here again an would not recommend to anyone. I have stayed in probably 100 different hotels worldwide and this is by far the worst. Left first thing in morning and had breakfast…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or65-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE,Way better hotels at this price range. Staff are extremely rude & unprofessional. Didn't expect much as it was cheap but their staff just need to learn some MANNERS. ESPECIALLY THEIR SO CALLED MANAGERS AT THE RECEPTION. EITHER MISSING OR SLEEPING.,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or70-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"DO NOT BOOK! It's cheap but not for what it's worth! Maybe at £39 a night it's reasonable but it goes for avg £52 which is SO not worth the service attitude you get the moment u happily check in, rats in the room, stains EVERYWHERE & a toilet u can't turn your body around in. Linens are never changed & believe me your bare feet shld NEVER ever touch the carpeted floor! Gross. Not worth the money you pay nope",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or70-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",5 Star Squalor ,"This is one of the worst hotels I've ever been in. The reception staff were rude and when my husband and I went to check in the guy was doing paperwork, looked up at me, then carried on for a minute before asking me what I wanted.   The carpet was as soiled as the floor in Camden Market (have attached images - my husband is hiding his face in as he doesn't want to be identified in this venue). The beds themselves were the cheapest I've ever seen and were pretty much just camp beds. The mattress felt like folded cardboard. The TV was smaller than your average smart phone. During our attempt at sleep, we heard what sounded like a rat scurry through the loft - obviously he didn't want to stay there either!  In the morning my husband had a shower and described it as ""cold as a…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or70-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Worst experience in London,"By far one of the worst experiences I've ever had while traveling Europe.  The management is short and very rude the hotel doesnt have a lift, no telephone in the room. No heating system the rooms were in horrible condition.  The shower. Was falling apart and thebed and furniture in the room are not up to health standards.  I booked for a double room but was stuck in a room that I could barely turn around in let alone take a decent shower",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or70-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not Great,"We stayed for one night.    First impressions were good outside and the entrance wasnt great but reception ok.  However thats as far as it goes.    The twin rooms downstairs are tiny, enough room for 2 beds and thats it.  Cleanliness is not a word i think they recognise  here.  Carpets are disgusting, i made sure i didnt walk barefoot.  Electrics look dodgy, the ensuite wasnt too bad but thats as far as id go. The bed isnt a full size single, more like a camp bed  Onto breakfast, well thats an experience!!  the room is tiny, a breakfast bar type hatch is where a woman stood washing up and when we looked below the bar, there was a small girl playing under the worktop! They obviously include childcare as part of the employment package!  Breakfast consisted of 1 type of cereal in a…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or70-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",I'd rather stay in a tent!,"So firstly, let's call this hotel what it is, an absolute dump!  Location was great and i chose the hotel based on its close proximity to Earl's Court station and Kensington high street. The pictures for the hotel give the impression of a lovely hotel blended into kensingtons affluent townhouses. Oh dear, I can only assume these photos were taken years ago as there was barely any resemblance to what is there now.  I can only feel disappointed that tourists will visit the uk and think that this is our standard of hotel. I can assure you it is not!  I waited for about 15-20 minutes in reception before someone turned up, to be then grunted at!! I received my key (room 207). Walked through the corridor and there were no lights other than some guide lights that barely shone at all. …",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or75-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely horrific ,"Wouldn't even give this a one mark on here it was quite honestly the worst place I've ever stayed.  From the moment I walked through the door the place had things falling off the walls and the staff were so rude and made you feel really uncomfortable.  Once up in our room it was much worse skirting board off the wall layed on the floor, marks on the wall, and the bathroom was awful couldn't even have a proper shower there were holes in the tiles and marks all over.  Don't no how they get away with charging so much for a absolute crap hole. And the fact they have the nerve to charge £5 for leaving your cases there and £20 deposit for a to remote is beyond me. Such a shame about this place because the area is really nice and it's a good location just a shame this place is there.…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or75-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Awful place,"The Business card at reception describes the hotel as recently renovated. I think they meant the office as that was the only fresh looking area I saw.The only good thing about this hotel was the location, we were stuck in a lower ground floor room that was so hot as the under floor heating was on in the hall  which made our room hot. The only way to get our luggage down was to ask the desk person and that seemed like an effort. The room was small and stuffy with a window tucked away where there was no air getting in. Right opposite the breakfast room where all the noise started at 7am so much for sleeping that didn't happen. We were even asked for a 20 GBP deposit for the remote control on the Tv that wasn't working anyway. So glad we stayed only the few days and then went to…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or75-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous Place!!!,"The hotel room was disgusting. Mould on walls and skirting boards. Horrendous smell of damp. Rising damp from radiators resulting in brown sludge on floor near pipes. Hole in corner of ceiling as a result of damp/leak. Carpet revolting and didn't even look like it had been cleaned. Complained and asked for room change but uncooperative staff. If it wasn't so late that we arrived I would have left and found another hotel. Manager promised refund which I still haven't seen!! Whatever other reviews are on here I wouldn't trust it, as I did and wouldn't dream of staying here again. I have stayed in hostels costing 1 pound a night in Bangkok that were cleaner!! Disgusting disgusting and untrustworthy!",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or75-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"Stayed with family, chose it for lication near Earls Court tube station. Very basic hotel. Very basic breakfast, just toast n cereal n tea/coffee/juice. Very small room. Small beds, Needs maintainance. Overall not bad value for money.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or75-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for one night-base in london,"I wouldn't say its a excellent hotel, but for the price for people on a budget, a place to sleep, the shower was not that great, but you do get what you pay for. I didn't expect much, its pretty central location you are not going to get luxury.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or80-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,A great location close to everything and close to a tube station. The hotel is a little tired but has a charm about it. Continental breakfast more than enough. A budget hotel but perfect for a few days sightseeing. Would book again. ,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or80-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY,"If I could give less than one bubble I probably would. I booked this hotel for 3 nights in July 2016 and cannot begin to say how disappointed and disgusted by this hotel I was. First, the rug when you walk into the hotel has the old hotel name on it, ""St. George Hotel."" Looking past that, there was no one at the the dest when I got there, so I had to stand there for 15 minutes waiting on someone to come to the desk. After that I got my room key and found that I was in a room in the basement/-1 floor. It smelled terrible downstairs. No bother, trying to stay positive that the room would be clean I continued on. The room was terrible. There was mould growing on the walls above the bed and in the bathroom. The fact that the room/bathroom was small was not a problem for me, it was…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or80-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",A pit,"Run by people with no pride. Room was vile. Marks on walls. Holes in walls - old screw holes etc.  safe broken - stuck open. Telephone with no telephone cable!! Carpet stained and covered in dark patches.  TV seemed to be an Internet stream as it kept buffering and played more like a slide show. Bathroom  extractor  fan broken. Shaving light cover broken and lying next to bare bulb. Shower head stalk leak 'mended' with polythene bag wrapped round it (seriously). This is what I can recall before my brain started to  subliminally bury the horror to protect my sanity.  Breakfast was a bowl hard boiled eggs with juice, milk, serials and toast.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or80-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",A bad experience in a bad hotel,"I have been checked from 11-18.7.2016 to this hotel for a holiday with my family and I paid 2 rooms 206 and 205. The room 206 smells awful, the walls were wet, the window has been botched and was difficult to open or closed. There was no hair drier or a phone, the bathroom it`s so small that when you are on the toilet your nose it`s near the door, the wash bowl it`s so small that you could not wash your face without washing your feet (in the same time). there were no elevator so we have to carry our luggage on the noisy stairs. Breakfast mean only bread and butter and pressed cheese, no yogurt, no milk, no fruits. I asked the concierge to wake me early in the morning 4, but he forgot to do it.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or80-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Horrific just horrific,"Came here for a weekend with my mum, on our arrival staff were very rude didn't really care if you were a guest. On being shown to the room we were informed we were on 2nd floor but after walking up 5 flights of stairs the size of a small attic stair case, no lift got to the room no lights in corridor wires hanging out of the wall. This was a non smoking room on entering the room it stunk of stale smoke and was utterly flithy. Carpets stains, stains on mattress walls dirty rust in bathroom light fittings broken. On asking to be shown another room it was like a cell even worse with no light. I wouldn't let my Dog Stay one night in the place.",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or85-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing Customer Service,"After searching for a last minute stay, I secured a room via booking.com at a rate of £50 for the night. Obviously very cheap. Unfortunately after reading the reviews which were more negative than positive about hairs being found in the room, I emailed the hotel as I was stuck in work to ask them to confirm the room would be clean. Unfortunately I didn't get a reply and it was only when I chased nearly a week later that I was told that as the booking was a no show I was charged. To a point I can understand this however they didn't call me, they only emailed me after I chased them after a week and as it was such short notice I didn't have time to turn up, see the room and if not clean would have had to find somewhere else - which I did instead. Perhaps the room would have been…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or85-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Run Away!,"It's quite unusual for me to give a place a poor rating so I think this is a first for me. Because I'm rating it ""terrible.""  I was coming to London for a couple of nights for work and my cousin wanted to host me at a hotel that was conveniently located - which is the only thing going for it - and booked it from some website or other. Unfortunately, he doesn't travel as much as I do, isn't used to booking hotels and only looked at some of the pictures.  Upon arriving to the St. Joseph, you wander through the Earl's Court neighborhood, noticing that the Embassy of Egypt has one of their residences next door. The facades are just gorgeous here, you'd think you're in some sort of movie with Hugh Grant, and then you enter the hotel.  The place is quite simply run down and not up to…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or85-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel,"Stayed recently. Good location, minutes from Earls Court tube. Very basic hotel, single beds pushed together to be a double, very tired and dated but clean enough. Breakfast was a huge disappointment with toast, corn flakes and eggs. Overall stay was ok but would be unlikely to stay again.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or85-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",DISGUSTING!!!,"Booked this hotel through Alpha rooms who believe it or not gave this hotel a 3 star rating.  Can i just say i would not let my dog stay there. The walls were full of holes showing bare plaster and hadn' t seen a lick of paint in years.  The carpet was filthy full of stains and had never seen a vacuum cleaner in years.  The mattresses on both beds were full of stains and the bedding was worn and ripped, the pillows were full of stains and smelt of body odour.     The bathroom was 5ft square, no lights working, tiling black with mould.   Lets just say we didn t stay but a great dampner on our weekend away. Couldn t even give this hotel a star rating",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or85-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,Short walk from Earls court station and first impressions were good - until we opened the door and saw plaster peeling off wall in reception hallway. Check in gent was good and didnt charge us £20 deposit for TV remote and he gave us extra room card. Our room was LG4 - do not accept this room as it is pitch black and opposite breakfast room so you hear preparation noise at 6.30am. Narrow window looks onto a wall. Beds looked like camp beds but were ok. Ensuite was small and grout around tiles were grubby. Shower - a bit of a dribble. Breakfast room too small to accommodate many people. Breakfast- cornflakes only - toast - boiled eggs - cheese slices - tea or coffee but you had to wait for kettle to boil! Overall this hotel is ok if you just want to put your head down after…,Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or90-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Staff were friendly,"Staff were friendly and very helpful however, the hotel itself isn't that flash. Nice on the outside, small and old on the inside. The Bed was terrible and hard to sleep on. Small room and very noisy - could hear people upstairs, outside and in other rooms. The bathroom was nice and clean. Overall stay was ok but didn't want to stay more than one night.",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or90-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, alright hotel","My boyfriend, my friend and I stayed here for one night after watching Beyonce before watching Wimbledon the next day, we picked the hotel as it was a halfway point between the two and reasonably priced.  The hotel itself was about a 3 minute walk from Earls Court tube station, which is great. The hotel staff were not particularly friendly and although we had a triple room they could only give us one room card. Our room was up four flights of stairs and there was no lift available.  The room looked like a hospital room, but it was exactly what we needed, it contained a clean comfy bed. The room was light although a little stuffy and it was a fair size given that it housed 3 single beds.  Breakfast was basic but fine. Toast, cornflakes (no other cereals), hard boiled eggs and…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or90-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"I had to give this hotel a 1 star - only so that I could right the review. It is NOTHING like the description.  The walls haven't seen a can of paint since the London Fire.  The bedding stunk as if it hadn't been washed in months.  The bed was basically a double cot with a 2 inch mattress.  The curtains were falling off the curtain rods.  The carpet was very badly stained. The TV (no remote control) was smaller than my cell phone screen.  Pictures on the wall were (literally) photo frames purchased from IKEA with only the IkEA logo still in them - NO pictures in them.  Internet was expensive.  Hairdryer didn't work  If I was rating this hotel - Rat Hole would be too good for it. We didn't stay the first of the 3 nights booked, we called our own cab and hightailed it out of there.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or90-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",London,"What this hotel did not have in stars it had in proximity to everything.  A laundrette down the road, some lovely cafes and restaurants.  We walked to Harrods, and the museums. We caught the underground to see the Palace. Walked to our hop on hop off bus stop.  The room was good for somewhere to go sleep at night and have a nap in the PM after a big day to be refreshed for an outing for dinner.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or90-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",WARNING: BED BUGS!,"My worst experience in a UK hotel. Chose this place because I needed a budget option and the location is great. But was eaten alive by bed bugs (close to 60 bites). Hotel manager totally unapologetic and simply kept referring me back to the website I'd booked with. Ruined two weeks of my life and I had to get rid of a suitcase, clothes, and so on.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or95-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel in Amazing Location,"This hotel is a budget hotel within close walking distance of Earls Court station. Although travelling alone, I had a huge room with a double and single bed and slept so well. Very friendly welcome from reception staff and I will definitely stay here again in the near future.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or95-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not a terrible stay but wouldn't stay again,"Stayed on a weekend in one of the rooms on the lower floor. Check in wuick and easy, room easy to find.  Bathroom was clean, fresh bags in bins, new soaps etc. only issue with bathroom is above our shower there was water dripping from the ceiling, I only noticed this when I was in the shower and it seemed to stop when i turned the shower off. but overall a very nice bathroom. The room was on the small side but we didn't spend much time there so this didn't matter, £20 deposit for the tv remote was paid otherwise we'd have been stuck with sky news in the evening. Didn't use the wi-fi, if we needed it we used the 3g on our phones.  Carpet was a little grubby looking, under the table with tea/coffee on there were two plugs, only one worked and the paint was all flaking off. looked…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or95-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Far from good ,"Quiet hotel close to everything you need in Kensington but unfortunately overpriced and far from good standard. Small rooms need maintenance and good cleaning. Cheapest beds you can find in whole England which guarantee you unforgettable stay. Horrible breakfast😖 Almost nothing to eat. Some of the guests brought their own food to breakfast because all you could find was bread, boiled egg, cheese, coffee and orange juice. Yes - that's a all you can find... ",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or95-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",good value,"had a 1 night stay here and we thought it was good value, £40 for a double room in London with breakfast, can't be bad!! Short walk from Earls Court tube station. Continental breakfast, clean room and excellent shower.  Fail to understand why people keep on about wi-fi!!! you're paying for a place to sleep! seriously get a life and get off the internet!!!",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or95-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",I found it rather good ,Rooms were clean staff friendly and acommodating  Had a nice clean toilet shower  Clean towels  And very cheap for the area  And very close to earls court station  For sure will be back if in need of hotel  ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or100-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place not what reviews say ,Booked a room for two at £75 for 2 nights and no the werent the bigest rooms but were nice and clean  They had booked the room in the basement but had no problem at changing and moving us on the 3d floor room 301 a bit small but believe me at £75 for two people and two nights there is no better  And there is wi- fi but you have to pay for it depending on how long you wanna have it for  Staff were friendly  Dont know where the reviews of rude staff come from but to us the were friendly and for sure will be back ,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or100-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",One day stay,"Not sure how this place can have a 3* star rating....rather a low quality hostel. No wifi, breakfast is a joke, iron camp beds in the room. Very poor conditions.  Only positive to mention is the location, close to Earls court station,",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or100-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel ,Got scared at first after having booked online and then saw the reviews later  Wich were not true actually  Booked a double room for 2 nights at £75 for two people which was great  Clean room /bathroom /shower and clean towels  Room was cleaned everyday as were the sheet and towels   So dont believe the bad reviews  I've been in a really bad hotel with no toewls at all bins full of rubbish from other stayers and smelly room to single beds put together to make it double  And was £110 for one night  You can see it on my reviews were the hotel is   But this one was lovely and will be back ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or100-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Really bad hotel,"this was the worst hotel I've ever stayed at. dirty carpets, bad beds, a strange smell in the room so you had to sleep with open windows, dirty shower and the room was very small. Were about to stay there for 4 nights but could just stand it one night. staff did not at first give the money back for the three remaining nights but we managed to persuade them. says on their website that it is newly renovated but it was 2010. The time to update the site, I think! We changed to a 4 star hotel nearby for the same price. So st Joseph is not only the most disguisting hotel it's a expensive one as well. ",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or100-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","“Really great experience, don't be put off by the negative reviews”","We were both really glad we took a leap of faith and stayed at St. Josephs instead of being swayed by some of the negative reviews. We stayed for 3 nights and our whole experience, from start to finish was great. It’s the perfect hotel if you want to stay in London on a budget and we were not disappointed. All the staff we met were really friendly and accommodating. The Manager Ash was super-efficient when it came to arranging and confirming our booking, especially taking into account that we booked so close to a bank holiday weekend! We will definitely be returning when we next visit London, thank you everyone at St. Joseph.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or105-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad for £38 pounds,"I had to take part in a 3 day training course and was looking for somewhere to stay in Earls Court SW5, on a budget. This hotel was in a good location for Earls Court tube and Earls Court shops where nearby. Room was smallish and had a clean en suite shower. Beds were made with new covers everyday along with a new set of towels. Shower had soap and shower gel provided in small packs with tea/coffee in room. There was a fridge that did not work nor did the safe.   Generally the room was Ok but a bit tatty. The shower room had been newly refurbished. Room was warm and comfortable and no noise from rear of the building. Continental breakfast available, with toast, cheese, warm boiled eggs tea/coffee.   There was parking available in the local area after 18.30 on single yellow lines…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or105-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty ,"It is a hotel for dogs. We paid in advance, we have 11 suitcases family of 5 got our cases up stairs looked at the rooms dirty smelly. Got out as quick as we could. Staff are rude lazy dirty. We went in to the next Street got lovely room and fantastic staff. Never stay at this flee pit.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or105-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Come back in the morning!,"Staff very rude, when asked for help the only answer I got was: Come back in the morning. I finished my shift and can't help you now... Very disappointed. Room cleaned every day however the bedding was ripped and full of stains. The only positive about this hotel is the location. Breakfast was disgusting. I wouldn't recommend this place at all.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or105-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I've stayed in throughout Europe,"Avoid at all costs. If I hadn't paid a non refundable fee, I'd have walked out. Where to even start. The hotel (if you can call it that, I've stayed in better hostels) is filthy dirty throughout. The carpets are disgusting as are the walls. The throws on the bed are puke rendering dirty. The sheet underneath, however, was clean.  The rooms are tiny. They just fit the bed in. The heating is on so high, which I couldn't turn down, I burnt my leg when squeezing past to get into bed. As the heating is on, I had to open the window, which meant partway through the night I was freezing cold. This required using one of the blankets. Both blankets in the room were absolutely filthy. There were what appeared to be dog hairs on them. The window was wide open when I arrived, presumably to…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or105-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service,"rude staff, smelly rooms and expensive wi fi service. This is consider as a last emergency back up plan as you need to spect the less for this place. The only good thibgbis the clean sheets and confortable bed. My fridge didn't work and the staff didn't care about it. The reception want to charge me five pounds for keeping my suitcase. ",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or110-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend staying here.,"We checked in and had to pay full amount upfront even before seeing our room. We where given a room on the ground floor which we really didn't like so my husband asked for another room hoping it would be better. They gave us another room at the very top of the hotel which where around 5 flights of stairs.  The room was tiny, the bathroom was tiny. The carpets where filthy. The shower handle was falling off the wall. The bed had hairs in it. The curtains where handing off the curtain rail and wouldn't shut properly. The windowsill was filthy. The light flittings where falling off and half of the bulbs in the room where out. There was a small wardrobe but there wasn't much room to move/ get dressed. Over all a too small and horrible room. We had paid upfront and no other…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or110-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Served us well,"We arrived hours before check-in, and were welcomed to leave our luggage while expoloring the neighbourhood. Nice, quiet street, just minutes away from Earls Court tube station, buss stops, restaurants, shops and so.  Got the room 107, one pair of narrow and noisy stairs to climb. Our room was just behind the wall of the stairs, so we really could tell when some one was moving there. Thin walls also, and talk came easily through the door, which was open to the corridoor on the bottom of it. But happily we stayed there whilst it was peacefull there. Windows gave to the back yard and other houses, curtains were good to have.  En-suite with ok bathroom with shower. In the room there was also a safety box and a fridge, which did not work as it was warm even when trying to turn the…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or110-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",neglecting the duties of a manager,"I understand that a cheap hotel is a cheap hotel but workers must take pride in their work and their duties , after all the people who visit are contributing to their wages and all we ask is for some attention to detail, it is very well located and the area is popular for these reasons it needs a sprucing",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or110-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad as it's made out to be,"We were sceptical booking this hotel with the bad reviews but it was really perfect for our three nights in London on a budget. Reception was 24 hours and check in and check out was hassle free. The staff were extremely helpful, some more than others, but overall we had a good experience. Breakfast was included and although basic, we can't complain with some toast and q cup of tea. The room and bathroom were clean, and the bed and towels were changed every day. The hotel is in a good location and a good base to explore London from!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or110-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Discusting !!!,"Horrible!!! Beware..   Very rude foreign man at desk another on front steps when we arrived smoking   Dirty room - very dirty bathroom    hair all over the place When we went to front desk to complain and ask for our money back after seeing  the room, the very unpleasant man at desk told us to get out before he called the police I am quite surprised that booking.com(which is who we booked through)has this place on their site They offer wifi --- very expensive!!!",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or115-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Just ok,"Nothing special, but close to public transport (if that's what's matters to you).  The underground is minutes away. It's fine for a night, but just that.  The place is very tired, some refurbishing would be appreciated.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or115-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and Somewhat Cheerful,"For December last year my partner and I had booked to see War Horse and decided to make a weekend break. Given that we just wanted a base to sleep for the night knowing that we had a fully planned 3 days we weren’t too bothered about being in the most luxurious place but we wanted something in a good location. We opted for St Josephs Hotel in Earls Court. The reviews granted did not give us a great impression but the location and the price tipped the scales.  The hotel itself is an easy 5 minute walk from Earls Court Tube Stop and is off the main road on Cromwell Street. We were greeted quite warmly by the guy at the front desk who checked us in without a problem, gave us a form to fill in (details of which should have already been on the booking!) and asked us to pay there and…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or115-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Don't spend your money here! NAO se hospedem aqui,"Horrible hotel! I travelled with my family and my grandma is 80 years old and the hotel has no elevator, has a LOT of stairs that make noises, and the 2 guys in the reception were always arguing in their language with each other, and this was so disrespectful! I had to beg for a room in the first floor, there's no one to help us with the luggage. the rooms were small and cold, the heat didn't work, and we were able to listen to every sound coming from the second floor, sleeping there was a nightmare! The wifi is expensive! Didn't pay for it. And the ""lovely"" waitresses of the breakfast were very rude, the breakfast was really poor. They almost kicked me out of the breakfast room. In my country people don't do that. We wait the clients to finish their meal. Also, the sheets were…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or115-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Did the job,"This hotel was okay for us considering the price as we were only sleeping there. Reception staff a little grumpy but didn't affect our stay. Room was basic but clean and easy to warm up. Quiet at night, comfy bed, nice clean bathroom. We didn't need to rent a TV remote for £20 as we could change channels and volume using the buttons on the TV. Breakfast was included but we didn't go on the 2nd morning as it wasn't to our taste and felt quite awkward and cramped so we popped down the road to McDonalds! Good location from the tube station, would stay again.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or115-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Not worth 1 star, let alone 3","I stayed for 5 nights in this hotel & wished I had not. Firstly there's no lift, so be prepared to to haul your luggage up the stairs. Breakfast is bread, cheese, coffee, juice & hard boiled egg, @ no were tongs provide, so imagine a line up with people grabbing food, it's quite off putting. I thought my room was being cleaned when I went out but I had the same sheets for 5 days, the bathroom wasn't cleaned & after 5 days I was happy to leave. This ""hotel"" does not deserve 3 stars, should be avoided by people who like clean & tidy. ",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or120-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not great ,"I didn't expect a lot for £60 a night but it was very basic. You have to pay £20 deposit for a tv remote for the tiny television and get it back if you don't steal it I assume?! 😳 breakfast was toast, some plastic cheese and some hard boiled eggs. Carpets grubby. Could do with a good bloody clean. ",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or120-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE,"dirty carpets at the reception and dirty carpets in the rooms; small rooms for triple bed ; towels nd sheets all over the floor on the corridors before we check in - even the clean ones werte laying on the dirty carpets before they were put in our beds  breakfast: only coffee, orange juice, milk ,only cheese and butter and small jam; there were 2 types of bread inside the bag plastic they were bought no fresh bread or muffins, cookies ; lack of plates , spoons , plastic cups - we had to clean the dishes and spoons in order to eat and had to clean up the dirty tables because there was only one employee at breakfast to to all the job;  small space to keep the lugagge in the day you check out. i don´t care about simpahty: I care for reasonable breakfast and cleanless Points in…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or120-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"First of all the recepcionist was grumpy and unhelpful. The room was small as seen on the photos but it didn't look very clean, there was even a blood stain on the sheets and black hairs in the bathroom, very disgusting. Breakfast was very simple and the waitresses were unfriendly. At the check out the recepcionist was sleeping and didn't even say goodbye at us. Not a very friendly hotel.",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or120-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Price vs Quality vs Location,"If you guys, are looking for the Price vs quality it's a really bad option!   but if you are looking  for the center, it has a very and excelent location!!!!!! The breakfast it's awful!!! Just boiled eggs, toast bread and coffee, nothing more.  sheets and bedspread dirty!!!!!! Claim for the clean one.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or120-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute joke! Avoid under all circumstances,"So I booked to stay at this hotel on the 5th December 2015, I received an email from the hotel on the 1st December stating my card details had been declined and my reservation hadn't been secured and to call the hotel on the next 24 hours, I called them at 8 am that morning to which a rather rude man said he couldn't fond my details or reservation number. With this and the email received to say my booking was not secure I booked an alternate hotel, only to find out when my card got declined when paying for a drink in London that St joseph hotel had still taken the money from my bank! I called and spoke to walid 3 times before getting to speak the thier disgustingly rude manager for him to tell me he isn't giving me my money back even though they did not have my reservation on…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or125-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Curtains for bedding!,"Don't know where to start, arrived 28/10/15 with two colleagues for an overnight stay and it was terrible, room was damp and smelly, had paint coming off the walls, had an old pair of curtains as bedding and bed was an old camp bed, had to pay £20 deposit for TV remote then they couldn't find it in the morning to return it to me, two dodgy looking guys sitting in reception and looked very intimidating, the whole place was filthy so we didn't go for breakfast, DO NOT go anywhere near this place!!",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or125-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but satisfactory ,"Nice hotel for the price paid , great location and when your paying such a little amount you can't ask for much more . Clean and quiet . Smiled on reception basic customer service given and a simple goodbye . Bathroom was nice and was an en suite . I do think maybe the wifi charge was overpriced considering it's not really a novelty anymore . ",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or125-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Bed bugs,"I stayed 4 nights. Everything was acceptable by my low standards apart from the tiny beds and the fact that I woke up many times every night itching like crazy due to bed bugs. Didn't get a single good night's sleep, would not go back here.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or125-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place EVER,"Dirt, unfriendly people, non-existent breakfast, small room.  When we arrived the manager was out and the receptionist (hose cleaner) didn't know where he was or when he would return... A complete fail. This place should be forced to close by police. In the meantime do cooperate and DON'T GO THERE. ",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or125-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",More like a hostel than a hotel,"I made the mistake of booking this hotel without checking Trip Advisor because it was such a good price and then discovered that it had nothing but negative reviews that were on the whole highly critical of this hotel. To be honest it wasn't as bad as we were expecting when we checked in but only marginally. Our room was clean but it was basic and very small too, the double bed barely fitted the room. Fortunately we were only there one night, I don't think I could have handled any longer than that. We weren't brave enough to try the breakfast in the morning, we just checked out as soon as we'd washed. One good thing about this hotel is that it is in a good location but for the £85 we paid we weren't expecting too much in this area. You get what you pay for and never is that…",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or130-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Low hygiene and service standard,"My friend and I spent three nights in this hotel. It is fairly well located, just a few tube stops from downtown.   However we were very disappointed of the standard; I don't know where the 3 stars come from. The hotel would really need some maintenance.   They had used duvets as curtains, which was pretty weird. They didn't bother buying curtains, so they just used extra duvets they had... The shower curtain looked so old and moist that we didn't dare to touch it.  There were dead insects on the walls as well as lots of stains. Last time they painted the wall, they obviously painted around the frames that were decorating the room. However they removed the frames and didn't re-paint so it adds up to the weird things.   On their offer it was written that Internet was available,…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or130-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Siw,"Horrible hotel! Smelly room. We had to sleep with Window wide open and clothes on. Our room was down in the basement. Breakfast was stad, and the waitresses grumpy. I have nothing good to stay about this hotel!",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or130-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Agree-  AVOID AT ALL COSTS,"Arrangement for stay was by another inexperienced traveller.  Room was filthy, hand prints on walls, and holes in wall with curtains not having been cleaned and washed for a long time.  Decided to leave, resulting in almost a shouting match with proprietor, and a 2 night penalty.  Appreciated my strong son arranging this cancellation, and finding a much more suitable hotel at comparable fees.",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or130-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE !!,"Stayed in this ""hotel"" if that's what you can even call it for one night - thank god! The whole hotel is covered in stains, on the walls and carpets in the corridors as well as the rooms. We stayed in a ground floor room which had a horrible smell when walking in, the carpets and walls were stained so badly. The curtains were old and again you guessed it...covered in stains! This was meant to be a double room but was tiny. The double bed was in fact to singles pushed together. The bottom sheet on the bed you could see the mattress through it. The walls had two big white square marks on them where pictures had been taken down. The skirtings were hanging off. The bathroom was a bit more modern than the room, again though it was tiny and the toilet flusher did not work!! The shower…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or130-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",It isd a expensive scam,"It says "" The newly refurbished hotel"", well I don't know were they have refurbished it, dirty, the carpets in the room was DIRTY, old dirt and spots and good knows what. the "" bed cover"" was spots on... the only clean thing was the sheets and towels, well everything they say in their adverts be aware it is NOT as they say, small small rooms, breakfast area small , breakfast yes if you only like cheese, egg toast fine...nothing else, they just take your money. The worst thing was they charge £5 pound per case if you want to store it in the luggage room before you leave...scam. The staff just blame the owner,  they are not helpful at all... It is near to subway it is near to Olympia, yes, and if you don't care about anything , just a bed to sleep in , this place is fine, but if…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or135-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COST,"Stayed in London in July 2015 for 1 week at St Joseph Hotel, 43-45 Longridge Road | Earls Court, London SW5 9SD, England  Filthy hotel: Stains on carpet in main areas and bedroom, bad odor in rooms, tiny rooms, old and scraped paint, old furniture, linen and blankets, dirty walls, safe and windows, leaking ceiling in bathroom, mold on bathroom ceiling in renovated bathrooms, sloppy housekeeping, and staff indifferent to problems... Continental breakfast included in rate was minimal: toast, sliced cheese, boiled eggs, cornflakes, warm milk for cereal, warm orange juice... The rates of 2.5 stars are grossly inflated and would not even pass for a one star rating. We booked with Hotwire based on the ad that advertised a 67% reduction for rooms normally within the $500 per night…",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or135-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",TRAVEL AGENT REVIEW,"WORST HOTEL EVER! We arrived here and literally checked out after 5min, the receptionist was so rude that I thought I was being pranked. Never been so shocked at service in all of my travels. Awful. Highly recommended elsewhere.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or135-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","The one thing that was ok, was the location","Ugly, filthy hotel. Worst hotel I have støyed in. Room located grobunn floor with Windows facing garbidge and Explorer whic smoked outside our Windows. Bad service, bad brekfast, ugly filthy Roms mwith staines on the carpets. Cheap, but not sorthvit it!!",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or135-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Okay for the one night,"Arrived at the hotel, check in was fast and the room was located down the stairs two doors away from where breakfast was served. The room was clean and small with a toilet which doubled as a shower. It was also very dark due to being on the ground floor no light got into the one very small window. After returning from the day out reception did help us with plasters from walking all day. Bed was uncomfortable to sleep in and the room was boiling due to it being July. Woke up sore, got ready and left. Wouldn't stay again but it was fine for one night as we were barely there and the location was good close to earls court underground.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or135-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid worst hotel I have stayed in,Arrived at 1.30pm couldn't check in reception unable to help us find a car park politely asked if I could have something printed and offered to pay said they didn't have a printer even though it was in full view.   Room was on 2nd floor up narrow stairs a triple room with 3 fold up beds.  Room was badly needing decorated thank goodness we were only spending one night here .  WiFi was expensive TV control required a £20 deposit.   Continental breakfast consisted of cheap bread cheap coffee cheap orange juice damp cereal and cold hard boiled eggs served in a dingy room in the basement.  If I hadn't paid up front I would have left and found another hotel only positive is its central.  Avoid this one unless you like staff with no customer service skills run down rooms and cheap crap…,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or140-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, awful, awful","Could not stay the night in the room. Didn't even want to stand in it. Booked another hotel and lost the money for this room.  Problems:  Rug dirty and stained.  Room all around grungy.  Subground floor with a view of garbage area complete with old toilet.  Subground floor with windows that didn't lock.  Old worn out linens.  Bed is a mattress on a metal frame.  Grease stains on wall above bed (yuk - from oily hair).  Unpleasant staff -  Upon arriving the person at the desk finished their paperwork and personnel phone calls before acknowledging us. Then didn't even say hello.   Asked for a taxi to go to the new hotel. The manager ordered a car service instead. When it came to pay we asked the fare and the driver said ""What did the hotel manager tell you?"" Just a little shady? …",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or140-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Would be considered okay in a third world country,"The one thing good about this hotel is the location. Apart from that I would advise you to fine somewhere else. The walls and carpets looked dirty, the showers were very small, the beds were very narrow and not very comfortable. There isn't a lift so if you are on the third floor and have a large suitcase you'll get some good exercise.The staff were disinterested. The one room we were given stank of smoke, and had a view of the dustbins.The breakfast room is very small and has no windows, the continental breakfast is very budget. This place would be ok for backpackers, but is expensive for what you get. You pay extra for wifi, and a deposit for the TV remote, and extra to leave luggage for the day.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or140-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away!!!,"When we arrived there was no reception, we looked around for almost half an hour and asked the cleaners who didn't speak English where the receptionist was. When he came out he was very dismissive and rude, claiming that check in was strictly at 2pm. We arrived at 1 pm and they said there was no rooms available even though we saw the cleaners had just finished. At 2pm we asked for our room and he said we had to wait. There were about 10 other guests who were waiting, who I'm sure felt disgusted by his attitude. He gave us a room on the 3rd floor which was about 5 flights of steep stairs. There are no lifts.. We got to our room which is smaller than a small bedroom. No place to open luggage. The safe is not code but a key which was a $20 deposit.. The bed sheets were not clean,…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or140-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible experience,"We are surprised such hotels exist in the quaint locality of Earls court. We booked this hotel for one night Right from the rude and unethical attitude of the receptionist to the pathetic size and condition of the room, Everything about this hotel was terrible.the triple room we booked had three beds but no place to even walk or place our luggage! Please beware this hotel doesn't have an elevator or air conditioner. We were given a room on the third floor and were supposed to carry our luggage through the steep stairs. Looking at all these ""facilities"" we walked out and booked another hotel.while going out we met another family who were also very disgusted with the hotel. Please stay away from St. Joseph hotel.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or140-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Decent,For the price this place was in a great location close to restaurants and to the Earls Court train station. It is within walking distance of London if you like to walk decent distances. The room is quite small but for the price everything is quite ok. The breakfast was alright.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or145-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for..,"We stayed here for two nights and spent our days out and about. Decent room, nothing fancy but not terrible either. Reception staff needs a course in service and customermanagement. But if you look pass that then you get what you pay for, a great hotel for short stays where the hotel room only is for sleeping.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or145-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",3 days london,"Excellent location for a 3 days intensive London experience. Rooms are small, clean bathrooms and bed/linen. Room needs painting and new carpet! Definitely recommend for the active tourist that just needs a place to lay they heads, not for the traveller who wants to spend anytime in their room.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or145-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't go back there,"Having in mind that the receptionist does not want to help you with any information regarding your stay at the hotel, you must understand that the Wi-Fi is paid. The prices are high enough. In each room there is a telephone connected to a TCP/IP Internet cabel. What I'm saying  is- if you're currently at the hotel , or you're gonna be soon - use the cable to get FREE internet access I stayed there for 3 nights, but my oh my. On my second day there I found ants in the bathroom. Not much, but enough.  The location is pretty good, but otherwise - stay away from St.Joseph's hotel.",Date of stay: April 2015,2.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or145-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",upgrade needed,Receptionist was slightly rude. Walls dirty. Bed was rocky and cheap. Hairdryer broken. Plugs inaccessible. Sink too small for brushing teeth. But close to amenities  etc window propped open with a bottle,Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or145-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and Safe,"Sometimes I visit London for fun. Mostly, I go there for business meetings on expenses and the less that I spend on my hotel, the better. This hotel is *ridiculously* inexpensive and is within a three minute walk of Earls Court Underground. It's shabby, but clean (a bit like home) and I feel quite safe there. The rooms have comfortable beds, a shower room, and 'frige (so you can stock up with beer from the mini-supermarket on Earls Court Road). Breakfast is, well, satisfactory, if you like breakfast.  I keep going back because it's cheap and I know where it is: I can navigate to meetings. The last time that I stayed in London, I paid about five times what the St Joseph Hotel charges. It was much more luxurious, but when all is said and done, it was only a place to stay in…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or150-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Close to Earls Court Underground,"The hotel is a short walk from Earls Court Underground station but If you have a disability it is not recommended that you stay at this hotel due to the number of steps up to the hotel entrance and there is no lift available inside. Whilst the hotel is very clean and there is plenty of soap, shampoo and shower gel available the breakfast consists of Tea/Coffee, Corn Flakes, Bread/toast, jam, cheese and boiled egg. There was a £20 deposit to pay for the TV controller which I thought was a bit steep. It is more suited to younger people staying a night or two",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or150-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,Some things were good such as a nice shower and great location. Had no duvet only a thin blanket and heating didn't work so it was cold. Had to pay £20 deposit for a TV control did get it back but it was inconvenient at the time. Also shower door was falling of I let them know and they said they knew and they don't have time to put new doors on. The bed was very un comfortable it was like a pull out bed.,Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or150-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",bad,"room is super small and cannot open lugguage. also, no free wifi and bed is not good which is too old. no lugguage storage after check out. breakfast is free but not so many food to choose. will not stay in this hotel again.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or150-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Nice break,"It was a nice 3 nights staying. Clean, small but comfy room; tiny bathroom with a big shower. Kind receptionist, great position, good price. The breakfast was not so rich.  Good hotel for a short break ;)",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or150-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay,"Steep staircase, bedroom had small beds,Hair dryer was one side of the room and the mirror on the other side and Breakfast room was far too small to cope with the amount of guests in the Hotel and there was not enough cups or cutlery to go round",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or155-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away from this dump!!!,The room was In poor repair! Most unfriendly staff who are more concerned with using their mobile phones than treating their customers with respect. Not a single member of staff seemed able to smile. We had to wait a while to check in.,Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or155-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",One of the worst nights sleep.....ever!,"Well upon arriving at the hotel, everything looked promising, room was a bit smelly but overall was clean, room was very hot which after being outside was very welcoming.. or so i thought!  After seeing Queen + Adam Lambert at The O2, i returned back to the room and for some reason the heating had been turned up, so the room was like Dubai, and i couldn't for the life of me manage to turn the radiator off in the room, because it was extremely tight! So after a very sleepless night, finally getting some sleep around half 4 in the morning after spending what seemed a lifetime turning the valve on the radiator, i went down to breakfast, sadly it wasn't much to write home about!  But its not all bad, thankfully the surrounding area was extremely quiet, but as i said, with the heat i…",Date of stay: January 2015,2.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or155-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, good value","Stayed here for one night in a triple room with friends. A short walk away from Earls Court tube station, so very easy to access.  Plenty of nice local pubs and places to eat.  Hotel was clean and comfortable. Staff friendly and helpful. Perfect for a short trip.",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or155-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",NOPE.,"Aside from the general filth and grimy quality that is uniquely nauseating, even among hostels, the people there are absolute (insert word here). People in the reception are fine, nothing exceptionally terrible, but the joint reeks of putrid apathy for quality or regard for customer comfort. I would even look past these issues, but the blatant theft of my wallet in my room with my bank cards and resident permit ultimately grants this place the grand title of WORST HOSTEL I HAVE EVER VISITED, and that's saying a lot.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or155-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Not a great inside, only the location can recommended","What a charming place with it’s narrow hallway, missing spoke in the railing and a no lift, it felt like I was back in a hostel with rustic chandeliers on the walls.    Of course, it is a 3 star hotel, with coffee maker, fridge and dryer, TV without remote though, fancy showerhead in the over size shower, only a toothpick could fit in.  If you like it hot, hot it is in the room with no thermostat.  I just loved it; it felt like a one star.  By the way, don’t forget your slippers unless you are comfy walking on the carpet…   We asked and paid for a double bed but I guess it means two singles push together.  When we enquired, we were moved to the 3rd floor, the penthouse, that is what you get when the customer is king and they aim to please.  It felt good to be the customers. …",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or160-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel I have visited,"I left this hotel on Saturday morning and the first words out of my mouth were ""that is one building I never intend to set foot in ever again!""  My mum, sister and I recently stayed here to attend a concert at Earl's Court. For the location and cost, we were pretty pleased with ourselves that we had found such a bargain. For what we paid, I could have handled the fact that we were given a small room, outdated decor, a lack of services, and perhaps a small bed. What I cannot compromise on however, is simple lack of hygiene, customer service and pride in the hotel itself!  Upon entering our triple bedroom we discovered that the beds were akin to camp beds in size, comfort and sturdiness, and in fact, I recently camped on beds that were larger and far more comfortable. I could have…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or160-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Unnaceptable Customer Service,"I have made a reservation to this hotel in mid-November through Booking.com. As a usual procedure, the hotel has taken the amount of 1st night off my guarantee credit card as a pre-authorisation. In the end I have decided to cancel the reservation within the permitted cancellation period. It is now two weeks since the pre-authorisation and the money is still being blocked on my account. I tried to email the hotel to ask them to cancel the pre-authorisation - no reply. So today I phoned them and the ""service"" I was given was not only inappropriate, but even rude. The person talking eventually hanged up the phone in mid-conversation. As I am myself working in a hotel industry, I strongly discourage anyone from booking this property as if the service there is like the one I have…",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or160-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"Myself and family visited this hovel for a stop off in London to visit lego land and catch a connecting train to scotland. I wish I had read the reviews on here first as it seems that I am not the first person this has happened to. Initially from the outside it looks good and thats where the plus points of this hotel end. The counter staff were rude, unhelpfull and when I asked if they were busy they both laughed and said no. We were given our room number on the very top floor to a tiny  tiny tiny room. This wouldn't have been too much of a pain but we had booked for a double room for 2 adults and one child. I went down to ask if they had a bigger room, an upgrade, travel cot or a small bed they might be able to fit in there for my boy to sleep on. The comment was ""how are we…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or160-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Don't expect too much ,"The location is alright, placed relatively far away from the centre of London, but with an underground station near by, but the rooms are small and could use a good clean. The breakfast is poor with cereal and room temperature milk and toast being available. There are good restaurants near by though ",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or160-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I've Ever Seen,"This hotel is dirty and disgusting. Small rooms, nothing works. That includes the fridge, the safe, the lights, the door locks, nothing works. Ridiculously high prices for a weird and buggy wifi usage. This hotel should be 20 pounds a night or less, I've stayed in $20 hotels that were way nicer than this before. PLEASE DON'T STAY HERE, you will hate it!  No Air Conditioning, No Ironing Boards, No security. The breakfast is horrible.",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or165-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",i wouldn't book here again,"the staff is not kind, the hotel doesn't have free wifi and the price is expensive.  the bed was not clean, i found hairs on the sheets and the pillow, something really disgusting.  overall, i didn't feel comfortable there, it is a shame because the location is great.       ",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or165-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIBLE! Run away now! Everything else is better than this Hotel!,"When I read the guest reviews, I thought that people exaggerate. But it turns out that this hotel is even worse! DO NOT BOOK this Hotel! Even some Hostels is better than St. Joseph Hotel! Run away now and book something else! There was NO BLANKETS! Only bed linens. Bed sheets was DAMP. The whole room was damp and DIRTY, horrible condition. The smell of damp was atrocious. Bed cover was very dirty. Bed fluctuated dangerously. I was afraid that the bed will collapse during the night. Bathroom light did not work. Below the door was 2cm hole. You heard everything what was going outside. When I booked it said ""BREAKFAST"", no mention that this is 6 item continental breakfast. I was surprised, and they informed me that continental breakfast is 6 items breakfast. :)  They had: cheese,…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or165-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible customer service to match its rooms,"Rooms are very small and stuffy. We were first checked into the incorrect room, I booked twin room and they put us in a double room. Upon complaining they put us in a triple room which struggled to fit 3 single beds into this small room.  Bathroom was terrible. Sink way to small and shower was missing one door, so water leaked all all bathroom floor and had to use towels to mop up. Upon complaining to staff member at reception (pretty sure it was the manager) they showed no compassion and said no one can fix shower door because its the weekend which was a poor excuse because it was missing a door for the very small shower! they offered to put us in another room, but we were settled and did not want to move to a 3rd different room. I asked for extra towels, on 2 occasions to…",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or165-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Outdated & average,"Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. Good location in Earl's Court. Just a short walk from the tube station. The exterior of the hotel is cute but inside is very different.  Our room was small, outdated & stuffy. Bathroom was tiny. We had a small courtyard off our room - was actually a fire escape but lead up to a courtyard.   Staff weren't very friendly but were ok.   Breakfast was terrible. Eat out!   Wouldn't stay again.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or165-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible customer service,"On a booking form it said check in from 1pm. We arrived 1.40pm and were told that we will have to wait till 2pm because that is a check in time. When we showed the form the receptionist just ignored it. He also told us to come back in 20 mins. By 2pm there were 9 people waiting to check in and the guy was still ignoring everyone. Ten minutes later (after my friend asked) he started checking in.  The room was just ok but the water in the toilet was leaking, and the shower door half broken. The blankets and throws very outdated and not sure if clean. One of the beds was extremely squeaky from the slightest movement.  We stayed only one night and didn't even bother going for breakfast because didn't expect it to be good.  Overall, staying 1 night was bearable (we were out most of…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or170-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible breakfast, tiny room, not box for showering in bathroom. Clean rooms","Too expensive for what it offers. The breakfast is terrible although it's advertised as continental. There were no fruits, no special bread, no cake, no yogurt. No elevator, WiFi is paid, need to give a £20 deposit to use the TV remote. Tiny room. Tiny stair, hard to carry the luggage. Hairdryer didn't work. Fridge didn't work. At least it was clean and the bad, although simple, was comfortable ",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or170-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",clean affordable comfy stay.,This hotel was a decent price for the area. The room was tidy as was the bathroom. Tidy and the beds were actually very comfy after a busy day in London. Breakfast isn't amazing. Staff can be ignorant.,Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or170-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location Beware Hidden Costs,"I would not recommend this hotel unless you plan to be out for the entire time and just sleep there. We paid £55 for a room and the hotel wanted us to pay £2 per hour to access their wifi. A £20 deposit was required for the remote control to the in room tv. A £5 charge to leave my bag in the luggage room for three hours after check out. The included breakfast was nothing more than tea, toast, and hard boiled eggs, in a very cramped space that they called a restaurant. The front desk was very rude and not very helpful. The hotel is in a great location and is a really good price for that just do not expect anything other than a basic room.",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or170-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Poor hotel all round,"Standing in the middle of the room, I could touch opposite sides of the wall. Yes that's how small it is. The walls were very dirty. The staff (manager / receptionist) was very very rude and unhelpful. We totally regretted staying there. We've stayed in many many hotels and this is the worst by far.",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or170-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, reasonable budget hotel","This is a fairly standard budget hotel. The staff were nice and friendly and the place was fairly well maintained. Usual scuff marks e.t.c on the walls. Our room was on the lower ground floor next to the breakfast room so a bit noisy in the morning. Good value for money compared with similar places in London, and only 5 mins from Earl's Court.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or175-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Yes, it's that bad.","My friend and I are not what you'd call high maintenance. We were expecting what we paid for - non-luxury hotel in a good location. Well, we got the good location. I was initially turned off when three girls, obviously tired from traveling, were ahead of us checking in. They realized that there was NO LIFT (something to take note of) and were assigned to the 3rd floor. But it was the type of hotel that you check in at the ""Ground floor"" and walk up one flight to the 1st floor. No one offered to help them out, and it was very rude. Surprise surprise - same thing happened to us. I know this is the new century but come on. Also, the ""continental breakfast"": bread, cereal in a bowl, and OJ/DIY coffee/DIY tea. Do yourself a favor and go to Starbucks around the corner. Anyway, the…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or175-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",If you get a good price its worth it,"The location its quite good if you consider london standards .A small 5-10 minuite walk from earls court tube and bus station .Offers a great stay if you only use it just to keep your stuff and have a short rest in London without expecting a lot from your accommodation.  Positives in my stay Bathroom clean and nice looking  Negatives (just my opinion) Bed could be better and not a cheap rebuild with parts from different beds from ikea . A bit small ,room . Thin walls, i could clearly hear the other tenants . Bit dirty walls  Poor breakfast  Although my comments are more on the negative side this hotel satisfied my needs for a cheap hotel in a good location in London .If you get it for a good price go for it .If not its worth paying smth more if you are the leisure kind of person…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or175-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Rubbish!,Absolutely disgusting hotel!  Did not realize how terrible it was!  When we first saw the receptionist he was sitting on the chair with his legs up on the desk which is extremely unprofessional.  He was not friendly and did not say much.   There was no lift!  We had to lug up 8 suitcases all the way up to the 4th floor which was very frustrating and extremely inconvenient. There was also little milk containers all over the floor which was disgusting!   The room was very very run down and was definitely not maintained.  There were squished bugs all over the ceilings. We did not stay more than three hours as we found another hotel to move to.   Would not recommend this hotel to anyone and we will he sure to tell our travel agent.  ,Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or175-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",absolutely awful,"Room we were in wasnt in a very nice part of the hotel, no outlook, only onto a wall. Our room was right next to the breakfast room so you couldnt sleep later than 7am as it was too noisy. Sheets and blankets didnt look very clean, cobwebs and spiders in the corners of the room, and the smell of damp. The shower was practically on top of the toilet as an all in one thing, there was no mat to avoid slipping which was quite dangerous after a shower as there was pools of water and the tiles were really slippery. The staff were unfriendly on the reception desk and when I tried to ring numerous times the previous day to confirm my booking, the person picked up the phone and hung up twice before I even spoke. The continental breakfast it advertised couldnt really be called that and…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or175-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",5 night stay in London,"I don´t like to be negative about things and have never written a bad review about places I´ve been to before, but my stay in St Joseph Hotel was pretty horrible.  The room, which was basically in the cellar, had a door out to the ""garden"" but the door did not lock so we were sleeping in a room where anyone could have walked in at any time.  The toilet did not flush properly, someone took a look at it and said it was fine that it is just some rust blocking the drain... Luckily my friend and I are not stupid so we figured out a system to get the toilet working. This should not be the case in any hotel, no matter how cheap they say they are! The floor had not been vacuumed in what looked like years... I did not take my shoes off until I went to bed. It would have been nice if the…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or180-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Disgraceful,"This is my first time to review any Hotel, but I was so appalled with St Joseph's Hotel I felt it necessary to advise others not to waste money on this Hotel.  Booked in to stay for 2 nights, ended up leaving after one night as it was so bad.  Top cover of bedding was Stained, toilet was disgusting and smelled of dampness.  The door on the shower was broken and the room was not worth the money.  The breakfast was a joke.  No fresh milk, only UHT milk for cereal.  Toaster was broke and we had to go elsewhere for breakfast.  The walls were so thin that i was frequently woken up by the noise.  I would never return to this Hotel, and can't believe the prices they charge to stay here.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or180-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for a business trip,"Stayed here for to days. Was a last minute trip. Booked this via lastminute.com.  Hotel staff were polite, great location, room was a little old but clean and spacious. Room had a fridge, nice sized bathroom and TV also.  Hotel is in a great location, just 5 minutes from Earls Court. Will stay again if I can get it at this price.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or180-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",short stay in London,"we have just returned from a two day stay at St. Joseph and this is the first time I have ever written a negative review. The moment we arrived and checked in the receptionist was quite rude and possibly may of been the owner, as there was three of us (my husband , myself and  our granddaughter) he tried to charge us an extra £50 for the third bed even though we had booked and paid for three previously, at £192 for two nights not extremely cheap, My husband phoned the company we booked through and (trivago) they were very helpful and they spoke directly to the receptionist and he reluctantly agreed . He was very rude, We went to our room. all I can say was the beds were clean as were the shower area, carpets badly stained (we kept our feet covered at all times) and walls peeling…",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or180-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",St Joseph Hotel (Kensington and Chelsea) London,"I chose this Hotel for three reasons 1. The price 2. The location (Chelsea) 3.The character being a victorian style building we thought it might offer an atmosphere that some of the larger group hotels may not offer. Indeed having visited all the major hotel sites and not being able to find something within our budget, I eventually found the St.Joseph Hotel. On the outside it looks lovely. A period property set in the affluent area of Chelsea. The inside however was a trifle disappointing. Our room was situated on the top floor. With no lift, the stairs were steep and by the time My Partner and I reached the top we were exhausted. The bedroom was very small, barely enough room to swing  cat, but in fairness it did offer the basics i.e a shower room with a tiny sink and tea and…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or180-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Better than we first thought,"We didn't have high expectations when coming here, but were pleasantly surprised.  Yeah sure the guy at reception was rude, but you get rude people all over the world who don't like their job, he's just probably not the best person to put 'front of house'. The room we had was in the basement and was quite roomy considering its in London. The bathroom was nice and big and the shower had really good pressure.  Its a 20 pound deposit for the TV remote, bit pricy but you get that back so its a nice bonus when checking out to have an extra 20 quid in your pocket.  Breakfast was stock standard, I think what a lot of people forget when they are writing reviews on Trip Advisor is that you get what you pay for. Also there are plenty of eating places just a short walk up the road from…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or185-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Exceeded expectations,"A very good value for money hotel, with clean basic rooms. My room had a modern bathroom, phone, tea tray, TV and hair dryer, it also had basic toiletries. The staff we encountered were very friendly and check in and out we're smooth and efficient. The breakfast was simple but satisfying none the less. Would recommend this hotel to anyone needing a simple, good value hotel in an excellent location. Would stay again :-)",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or185-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Better than bad,"I've stayed in worse. It's in a good location. However the beds are tiny, smaller than a single bed. The breakfast is a choice of toast or corn flakes. If u want a tv remote the it's a £20 deposit, even though the TVs only worth about £50. It's clean though. I guess u get what u pay for.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or185-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value for money,"Good points: Great location,modern decor,shower worked well, nice continental breakfast,fridge and safe in room,cheap price Bad points: No lifts and we were on 3rd floor so a lot of stairs, room very small but we coped, breakfast room very hot.",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or185-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"This hotels suffers from poor reviews which were not borne out by our experience, mind you a little effort by the management would help to improve the feel of the place. the hotel has a good location just a few minutes walk from the Earls court tube station which is a handy ""no change"" run from the very centre of London's attractions. The location is also very handy for the Earls court exhibition centre. The lobby and entrance are fairly typical for traditional London townhouse hotels although staff could try a little more to look like they cared when you arrive, not a big deal for us but courtesy and friendliness costs nobody anything. The room we were given was at the back on the ground floor so very quiet and was reasonably good for the price paid (£50 on Hotwire) although…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or185-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",St.Joseph hotel,"I will start with, I have actually stayed in worse. My Wife and I have just stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. We arrived rather early,but we were told we could leave our case(we were not charged for this). When we did finally check in we had a room on the 2nd floor, which was 4 flights of stairs. We went up to the room, key card not working in door(batteries replaced immediately). Bathroom light did not work, but this was also repaired immediately. Told if we wanted a tv remote, we had to pay a £20 deposit,but the tv had buttons, so could be operated okay. The bed was a camp type folding bed, but it was actually quite comfortable, room was very warm. Bathroom small, but an excellent shower. Breakfast was okay for a continental breakfast. I have given this hotel 3 stars, as the…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or190-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever,"This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Not only is it very low standard (which you could expect and forgive given the location and price) but absolutely everything went wrong and their customer service is terrible.  We walked into the lobby in the morning and said “Good morning” ; the person at the desk just barked at us in return “Check in is 2pm, leave your luggage and come back anytime after 2pm” without even looking at us. We had to leave our suitcases unattended in the lobby. We wanted to use the toilets ; we gave up asking the man behind the desk as he was still ignoring us and started to look for a sign. We couldn’t find any so decided to try our luck downstairs where we ended up asking a housekeeper. She showed us a door marked “staff toilets” : a small bathroom…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or190-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",I was a guest… Glad we got out alive!,"This 'hotel' doesn't even deserve the terrible rating i've awarded it.   Do not be mislead by the marble entrance and reception desk. That is as far as the luxury goes in this place. You are expected to carry your luggage up the many flights of stairs through narrow staircases, of which only half of the lightbulbs work.   Once arriving in our room we opened the fridge to find milk 9 days out of date and a bottle of opened coke. The ceiling was covered in mould and the wall was peeling and cracking from dampness. The bathroom was lovely until I turned on the light to be disgusted by the mouldy pebble dash ceiling.   Surprisingly the bed was extremely comfortable if you put aside the filthy blanket which was thankfully covered by a clean sheet.   Our room didn't get made up on 3…",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or190-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","OK for the price, but two undisclosed charges","For GBP45 a night in August, this hotel was OK by London standards and high prices.  Convenient location, room was clean, breakfast actually pretty good for this price range.  The usual hotel let-downs, completely avoidable, such as one dead bulb in the bathroom and the safe had the batteries missing so it was useless.  Very annoying: two uncustomary extra charges that were not disclosed on the booking website:  - undisclosed charge #1:  they wanted an extra GBP 5 for the TV remote.  The TV was inoperable without it as it had no buttons,  - undisclosed charge #2:  to leave your bag there for a while on your departure day, another GBP 5.  This is the first time I have ever been charged for this normally-included hotel service  Thus the actual price for normal service was GBP 55,…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or190-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor hotel,"Unfortunately, my review is rather negative. The rooms are very small, and the bed clothes could be cleaner, the bathrooms have no ventilation and there is barely any space for hanging your stuff.  The price for this hotel does not seem up to standard with the service they offer.   Otherwise, close to the tube at Earl's Court.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or190-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous Management,"This hotel should pay you to stay here. The Manager Ashraf, is very arrogant. He is very rude to his guests. Did anyone tell him that the key to a good hotel is good CUSTOMER SERVICE. He has no clue. I arrived in London, checked into my room (which was ice cold) and plugged in my Tablet/Phone to be charge, and the radiator on so the room could warm up. I left to go buy a coat. I came back the radiator is ""TURNED OFF"" and there was an item on top of my touch screen Tablet. Instantly, I knew someone was in the room. Now mind you he absolutely DOES NOT ALLOW CHECK IN BEFORE 2PM! So it wasn't the cleaners. That's when I realized the Touch screen on my tablet got broken.  I confronted him and instantly he started yelling and slamming the door and then speaking in Arabic. He said to…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or195-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",No way,"In spite of the convenient location I wouldn't suggest this hotel to anyome:  rooms are with mildew on the walls, sheets are torn , the bathroom is also dirty with  mildew and incrustations. You are provided with a single small towel. The personnel is very rude. Inc case you should need a plug , internet connection or whatevere else , you have to pay. Price and 3 stars category absolutely inappropriate considering the very poor service.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or195-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel where I've been,"Dirty, people not fair, not polite. They give me a room in a basement. Everything doesn't work fine. Sheet with holes. Orrible. Dont'go there! Dont'go there! Dont'go there! Dont'go there! Dont'go there! Dont'go there!",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or195-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Better than the reviews suggest,"Stayed in room 304 which was up three flights of stairs so difficult with bags, but the room was nice, clean, reasonably modern and had a TV and fridge.  The hotel is close to Earls Court tube and a Tesco Extra which is convenient, the hotel is also quite well priced.  The only criticism was the lack of free WIFI which was available but expensive, and the breakfast which was part continental and not worth the bother.  Expected a dump but got a reasonably nice hotel.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or195-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","dirty walls, no bin, very basic.","my boyfriend booked this hotel as we were staying in london for 3 nights and took it to be good by the reviews on the website. on arrival, at 1330 we asked to check in early as had heavy bags and had travelled 4 hours. no go. leave bags unattended at reception. check in at 1400. when we did get to our room the walls were very dirty, black marks all over. the 'double' room had 3 single put up beds shoved in. there was no bin to be seen in the room. picture frames had stickers on. a sign on the bathroom had please please do not put toilet paper in toilet. (last time i checked we hadnt travelled abroad?!). moving on... 'continental breakfast' consisted of toast, cornflakes, cold hard boiled eggs in a bowl and cheese. now i know we booked on a budget but youd expect some kind of…",Date of stay: November 2013,2.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or195-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Low cost therefore basic,"From a personal perspective, these were the good points: -Great value -Convenient location, 10 mins brisk walk from Olympia -Friendly, helpful receptionist -Quiet room on top floor -Comfortable bed -Clean, newish bathroom  And the bad points: -Radiator didn't work -No flat surface in bathroom on which to place personal toiletries -Shower small, with no room to step out of full force of shower when it spontaneously varied between extreme temperatures -Room in need of redecoration and a new bedspread  I appreciated the low room rate, helpful staff and peaceful stay - and would return.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or200-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Horrific,"This is nearly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Booked in the middle of Wimbledon fortnight so had to pay £250 for a double room. Had called ahead to say I would be checking in late and to ensure my room was ready. I only booked as it said on their web site 'Newly refurbished'. Well the only thing that was new was a lampshade in reception, the rest of the hotel was a nightmare. Old shag pile carpet from the 70's, varnished pine twisted spindle stair case, black scrapes and marks all up the walls where cases have been bumped up. I arrived late to find blaring music and a receptionist on his mobile behind the desk. He didn't look up or speak. I was surrounded by stacks of water and coke crates, 40 loaves of white bread and various sacks of dirty washing and piles of…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or200-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!,"Here is a list of reasons why…..  We booked a room for 2 adults and 1 child. We got a very small cramped dingy and dirty room with 3 single beds. No floor space available to walk around. No space for suitcases. We stored them under our beds!! Also the safe in the room did not work.  No mattress protector on beds.  Bathroom door did not close.  Bathroom ceiling and walls covered in mould.  Phone in bedroom but there for decoration only – as it was not wired up!!  Wall lights with 2 bulbs in each, but only 1 bulb worked in each wall light.  I had an accident whereby I bumped into a glass that was sitting close to the door and it fell off the shelf and smashed into a million pieces. I contacted the reception to inform them and was given a hoover and a bag!! Was offered no help or…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or200-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Made me physically sick......!!!!!!,"Never staying there again.... This place made me physically ill!!!  This place should be shut down for the health of people until it has been fully cleans and sterilised.... And the staff learn some manners......!!!!  Upon arrival with valuables in our bags the rooms were not ready so we got told to leave our bags in reception with no where to have them safely stored....  Rooms and bathrooms are dirty, there was mould on the bathroom walls and ceiling.... Stained on beds, pillows and carpet... Leaking shower which could of done with a new head, I've never felt dirty getting out of a shower until then...  There was dirt on the floor the day I got there as was still there when I left, along with a random sock on the bedroom floor, I guess they don't even change the sheets of the…",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or200-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",good location,"Never stay there again. Dirty , stained beds, pillows and bed cover. Carpet !!!! I was afraid to walk on it !!! good location and that is it. Very cold room ,only one blanket we had and when I have asked to have one more for my child I was given filthy bed cover . Bathroom didn't have good clean for long time. I can't believe the hotel management has nothing done to keep this place clean .",Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or200-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",BED BUGS!,"The WORST hotel experience of my life. Despite the pokey room, the ensuite not much bigger than a standard wardrobe, the bathroom door that opened 45 degrees until it banged into the bed, the cloakroom size sink (impossible to wash your face in without soaking the tiny floor), the shabby furniture and having to lug my heavy case up 4 flights of stairs (no offer of help from the recption staff), I had convined myself to put up with it for a 2 night stay until I awoke on the first morning to the HORROR of finding lots of crawling bugs (some quite large) all over the blanket, the pillows and the one sheet provided to cover the mattress. The bed was ridden with BED BUGS. Disgusting and horrific to find and realise I had slept in that infested bed. Needless to say I hastily packed up…",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or205-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",A shocker,"This hotel is a total shocker. Nothing more than a hostel with dirty little rooms and a bathroom in which you have to stand over the toilet in order to have a shower. The rather odd sign on the bathroom door about where to place toilet paper makes one think that this is a hotel in a third world country. My companion asked for an extra pillow. The man on the front desk promptly stood up, took the pillow on which he was sitting and handed it to him. You could not make this up. If you have very low standards then stay here. The beds are very small and exceptionally uncomfortable.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or205-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Basic hotel good location,"This hotel is in a good location, within walking distance of the tube and in an area of stores and resturants. Our room was small, but clean.  Breakfast was adequate with toast, boiled eggs, cereal, cheeze jelly juice and coffee.  An OK place to stay for a night or two, but I would check out other hotels in the area before booking here.",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or205-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty hotel, little better than a hostel.",Our hotel booking was changed to this hotel at the last minute by Onhotels it was either accept this or cancel 3 days before we were due to travel.  On arrival we had to complain immediately to the concierge about our room.  1. The carpet and walls were very dirty.  2. The bed cover was stained and dirty  3. The room was so small that the bathroom door could not be opened properly as it hit the bed.  4. In the tiny bathroom the glass soap dish was smashed so that the sharp broken glass made using the wash basin very dangerous.  5. You are not allowed to put toilet paper in the toilet. We have never stayed in a UK hotel where this was necessary.   I have attached photo's of these issues.    The concierge said he could not do anything then but would change our room the next day at…,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or205-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for!,"Listen people, if you're paying £25 per night to stay in a good location I don't know what you expect. Ok, the rooms are not fantastic, the beds are small but comfortable, the bathroom tap swivelled round & water pressure was almost none existent. The not being able to put loo paper down the toilet was antiquated but obviously a necessity. I would expect a damn site more had I paid more, but I didn't & therefore didn't!! Great location to get to Olympia which was 10 min walk ",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or205-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Basic basic Basic,"Unless you are a backpacker and desperate dont stay here. It is every bit as bad as the reviews. No lifts. Filthy carpets and wall and told not to put paper of any kind in the toilet as ths would block it, This is not ASIA where this may be a common practice. The first room I was offered had carpets with many black patches which were just dirty/ Eventually given another room which had sound of running water all night from showers and creaking floors. Staff were also rude. Breakfast was 1 cereal, hot juices toast and cold boiled eggs.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or210-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Great for Price,"Very cheap ....£44 for a Friday night ! Can't go wrong . No where near as bad as some review make out ! 5 walk to tube station , easy to get too   No lift - got tiring with a case .   Breakfast is basically jam on toast but I suppose you can't complain for the price .   Only criticism would be no aircon! Rooms where boling in the night and the windows hardly open for health and safety reasons . Definitely lost sleep that night due to the heat!   This place is totally fine for 1 night . ",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or210-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Great for price but noisey!,"Room was really good, no lock on bathroom door but what can you do. Only complaint I have is that the cleaners son (I assume) was running up and down screaming outside our room at 8am, people running around upstair and being right by the breakfast room we had to literally step over half a dozen people sitting outside our room eating toast and talking really loudly. Toilet also kept making some crazy loud noises at night!  Staff friendly, great location and super comfy bed.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or210-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",basic - but functional,booked a triple room here and it was only a double in size so v cramped.  mildew on the bathroom ceiling but everything worked ok.  Ok for the 1 night we were there but I wouldn't want to be there for a long stay.  Ok if you're on a budget but that's about it.,Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or210-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",The way up is exhausting.,"No long-term parking for our car. Not a lift to the upper floors. No air conditioning in our room. Not even a fan. The shower door was broken. The towels frayed. The breakfast room was too warm, I was drenched in sweat afterwards. The breakfast consisted of only the most necessary. The coffee did not taste too. Next time I'll have to invest a little more to get a better hotel.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or210-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have ever stayed in,We stayed at the St Joseph's Hotel for 3 nights . What an awful experience . The rooms very very small and dirty . We had a rotten watermelon left in a packet under our bed! The breakfast was very basic and the staff working there were unfriendly . We will never return to this place . ,Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or215-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible place,"Bad service, the breakfast was a laugh and everything was just very uncomfortable and unfriendly. Really overpriced and in bad shape. Was too tired to find another hotel and had already paid in advance for this. Bad idea.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or215-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best,"We stayed here because we had no other choice in June 2013.  Our hotel cancelled our booking and this was the only hotel available at last minute (not to mention the fact that Wimbledon was on!).  We had to pay $400 AUD for one night!! I have to say that our room was clean and okay for one night however the room was awfully small.  Also, someone walked into our room around 11pm which was very bad.  They checked someone else into our room - very disorganised.  I wouldn't book this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or215-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel Review,"Stayed in St. Joseph's Hotel, Earlscourt for £40 per night bed and breakfast. Travelled fromblin to Heathrow, easy to find on Picadilly Line. Location excellent for travel in and out of Central London.Very quiet clean room on ground floor at back of reception, though small excellent value for money. Breakfast included, boiled egg, toast, cheese jams marmalade, tea,coffee, juice, self service. Tea and coffee making facilities, plenty of toiletries.  Excellent value for a cheap stay in London. Reception staff very willing to book tours and give directions.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or215-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Hotel,"We booked 4 days in London with FlightCentre thinking that they wouldn't give you a horrible place well think again, it was horrible with rude staff, mouldy towel racks, toilet in shower,in the basement, so tiny you had to climb into bed from one side. Ceiling in bathroom, was mouldy , doors, had water damage and was coming apart at the bottom. couldn't open bathroom door properly cause there was a cupboard in the way. That and the fact you had to put a deposit, on the remote for the Tv, that didnt work anyway. Wouldnt use Flight Centre again, the 3 hotels they booked for us were awful, one in the red light district in Nice, in an area not safe to walk around at night. People need to know how bad St Josephs is. Places like that should be shut down.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or215-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not something I will return to,"We stayed here for two nights when we spent our last days in London. We were looking for something with a good location and a good price. We found St Joseph hotel via bookings.com and we booked a twin room. When we entered our rooms they had fit three single beds in this tiny space. The bathroom looked modern but there was, what we think, mold up in the ceiling. It worked okay but it is definitely not a hotel I will be returning to. The location was really good for spending the days in central London and if using the underground.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or220-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not to be recommended!!,"My husband and I had unfortunately left it too late to book a room in the 3* hotel we normally stay in when visiting London and hoped the St Joseph's would be up to it's standard. I must admit we were slightly concerned by some of the reviews for St Joseph's Hotel but as we were only staying for 1 night thought we would take a chance. On arriving we were disappointed at the small reception area which was littered with soft drinks cans presumably ready to replenish the drinks machine I imagine, but not a good image all the same. Anyway, we reassured ourselves that this was nothing to get annoyed about & looked forward to getting to our room to freshen up as we had been travelling since 3am that day! What met us was a dingy, cramped room with grubby un vacuumed carpet. The bed…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or220-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous avoid avoid avoid,"Booked for two nights , checking in , manager very unfriendly , come back after night out door was left open by a member of staff .left open for five hours anyone could of walked in and stole anything ... No hot water for both days manager customer service shocking dont stay avoid avoid avoid...",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or220-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal as a base hotel,"My wife and I stayed at this hotel for two nights over the new year to see the fireworks and see in the New Year. I was a little apprehensive at first after reading some of the reviews but on a limited budget, it was within our price range, and for London, very reasonable, even at New Year.  Upon our arrival we were pleasantly surprised  at how handy it was for Earls Court Station and buses on Earls Court Road also ran directly to Victoria Coach Station.  We booked in with the friendly receptionist, and knowing of some of the reviews, I was hoping it wouldn't be a basement room. We were allocated a room on the ground floor. The room was perfectly adequate, not too large but as we were planning on spending most of our time out and about, it was only ever going to be a place to…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or220-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Shockingly Unprofessional Management and Staff,"I was a resident at St Joseph Hotel for two nights, sharing a double room with my partner. I would like to share this experience and warn you all to stay away from this place. From the first minute of arrival the St Joseph Hotel has ticked all of the boxes of the most unprofessionally run hotel I've ever stayed at. At first there was a cigarette butt inside a water glass on the top of the reception desk. At the check in, I was given a registration card to fill out and while doing it a woman appeared, complaining that her room key isn't working. The Receptionist immediately answered back to her (without apologizing himself) saying: 'Your check-out day is today, you've signed for it at the check-in', they've started to argue and he informed this woman that her belongings have been…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or220-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",say no to Lower Ground room,we went on 05/2013 and they alocated  in the lower ground room  No l-g5 next to the restaurand The room was very narrow and the bathroom very-very small .Its was crowdy next te Kitchen and the next day we leave it.,Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or225-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Say no to Lower Ground room!,"If I had to rate the staff it would be a 5 Location 5 But we were allocated the lower ground room. My heart generally sinks at the thought of lower than street level, but it was a busy bank holiday, we were in a rush and only staying one night - how bad can the room be?  I opened the door and my heart sank deeper - everything is clean but so tacky - the carpet, the bed spread, the head board, the bed!  Our room was directly opposite the kitchen so lots of shouting at the early hours of the morning as the staff prepped for breakfast.  The breakfast area was so hot, that we couldn't stay there for breakfast.  I was disappointed beyond belief as I was sharing this adventure with my step son and I want it to be a little more polished.  The neighbourhood is great, location is great…",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or225-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay and good area,"I found this hotel online when I was desperate to find somewhere cheap and cheerful in London, can be hard believe me!  However, this was on offer for £30 a night at the time so we stayed for 2!  The staff were friendly and the rooms were nice.  The room also came with a fridge which was a bonus.  Couldn't fault the place and it's located in the Earls Court area which is very handy.  Make sure you turn right when you leave the hotel if you want the busy parts!  Breakfast was continental, a choice of toast, cheese, ham and boiled eggs.  I had enough to eat so I am not going to complain, I liked it.  I would definitely stay there again, and I would pay more!",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or225-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent value in West London,"this hotel is excellent value for money -- small, clean rooms, with breakfast included for £40-60 range, depending on the day (cheaper rates on Sundays and weekdays, more expensive on Fridays and Saturdays. Great location, close to Earl's Court tube stop. Quiet street and decent rooms.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or225-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Probably one of the best budget hotels I have stayed in , great location good value for money good standard of room , only bad point our room we did get an odour from toilet/ shower room but overall good budget hotel also the continental breakfast very basic would not even call it continental",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or225-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",great for cheap night away,"I stayed in the hotel for 1 night, just for fun. For a 50 quid room it was more than acceptable. The room was clean, the en suite looked fairly new and the shower was really good. Most importantly the bes was really comfortable. The staff were really friendly. The breakfast wasn't up to much but what do expect for 50 quid!  I would most definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or230-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Wow! What a nice surprise!,"I stayed there before Xmas and that's why the hotel guy told me it was so incredibly cheap, here are my thoughts:   Ash (very nice receptionist carried my heavy bag up the stairs and didn't let me tip him!) the hotel doesn't have elevators :( Best of all - updated shower and bathroom (small but strong pressure shower!)  Safe mini bar and tea kettle in room (bonus points) Very cheap hotel great location (close to Earls Court tube station which is a handicap friendly station where us Americans can carry around our big suitcases without trouble and there is a line that takes you straight to and from the main airport in London (Heathrow)  Recommend 100%! This hotel was a very nice surprise because I booked it last minute while waiting to board my flight to London! I know…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or230-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Poor customer service,"My sister and I booked this hotel during a trip to London for one night. We specified a twin room, but upon arrival we were allocated a double. I went down to reception, and was told that it was actually twin beds pushed together and made up as a double. I was then given a sheet and a bedspread and was told to make the twin beds ourselves!   My sister then tried to use the shower, and it became apparent that the drain was blocked, and the shower tray filled up within a matter of seconds. We called the guy up from reception to have a look at it, and he said he would need to call out a plumber, but this would be the next dat after we'd checked out, and did we really need to use the shower!! I asked if we could move rooms or at least use the shower in another room, he said he would…",Date of stay: December 2012,2.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or230-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than average,"I've spent several days in this hotel (twice) and found it to be much better than the average budget hotel.  The staff (especially reception) were extremely helpful.  They found me a ground floor room when I explained that I had difficulty climbing stairs.  It was quite reassuring to have someone in reception 24/7.  The rooms were clean with clean sheets and towels each day.  The en suite facilities were modern and extremely clean.  The hairdrier was efficient enough to dry my waist length hair quite quickly.  I think the beds were a kind of folding bed, but the mattresses were very thick and comfortable.  There was more than plenty of coffee, tea, sugar, etc., in the room.  Used sachets were replaced each day.  The breakfast was that of a basic continental but the selfservice…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or230-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",value for money,"We wanted one night to stay after a concert, without paying too much Well this Earls Court hotel lived up to expectations, plus a bit more, for less than £100.00 we had good service, excellent breakfast, very clean, tidy, comfortable room, albeit small, but this is london, so no complaints at all. We were able to leave our luggage all day while we toured london for a very reasonable price. Would certainly use it again.",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or230-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Give it a miss,"Overpriced, inconvenient & totally unlike any description found on the Net. As we were travelling with my sister who has knee problems, the stairs were too steep (no lifts or disabled facilities), a rabbit warren of small rooms, with beds (mostly 2 squeezed into a room) that looked suspiciously like camp beds! Reviews said that the Hotel had been recently renovated - that must of been the closet sized bathroom? Television? Yes - affixed to the wall, even a average height person had to reach up to press the buttons to operate it! Remotes were available, but you needed to pay a 25 pound deposit ! Management could not have cared less - they had their money ( room rates were quite expensive) & there would be no refund. The breakfast room was in the basement & poorly ventilated .",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or235-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Far better than the average lower budget hotel,"The cost of the stay was so low I was, I admit, nervous about the quality of the hotel and the service.  I shouldn't have given it a thought!  The hotel is decorated to a high standard and the receptionist was most helpful when we first arrived.   Our room, though small and on the lower level (so no pretty view), was modern, had all the facilities I could need, and the bathroom was modern and tastefully laid out. The staff were helpful and friendly and the breakfast was adequate for our needs.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or235-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Small doesn't always mean beautiful,"On the first of four nights we were placed in a basement room which was too small for a single let alone a couple. The window view featured dustbins and hotel linen. We tried to change immediately but were told the hotel was full but on the second  day we did move to a ground floor room which was much better though still on the small side. The room itself was neat with a nice shower, hair drier, tea and coffee, a fridge and a safe which we  found impossible to operate so we left our valuables in the case under the bed. The breakfast room was also small but the complementary food was adequate and included boiled eggs, toast, tea, coffee and soft drinks. We did feels the need to bring in supplies of ham and chicken to create some variety. The staff, especially the reception team…",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or235-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant bugdet hotel,"A lovely little hotel, We (myself and a friend) only stayed for one night and it was a lovely 5 minute walk to the tube, there were a few pubs around, and the road it was situated on was quite, the only problem we faced was our key card didn’t work but there was no problem, as they just gave us a key. A lovely stop over hotel with no frills.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or235-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","All in all, ok","Good: Contrary to our expectations, having read the ratings of others too late for cancelling, we found a decent (albeit small) room, on the ground floor (so no stairs to climb with the luggage), with a nice bathroom. Of course it is not a luxury hotel, but it was certainly good value for money. We think maybe we were so lucky as to be given one of the refurbished rooms. Probably the customers who left those terrible reviews happened to be given some old rooms on a higher floor. The breakfast room is admittedly small, but it never happened to be so full that one had to queue up for breakfast, even if we were there on the first days of the Olympics. As to the location, well, anybody knows that Earl's Court is one of the best in town.  Bad: The basin in the bathroom was so small…",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or235-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","damp,smelly and dirty!!!","The room was tiny, the walls were filthy with a hugh crack the whole way down one side of it. The bed clothes smelt quite bad and when we pulled them back there were black hairs in the bed.The bed was also situated under the window which made the bed feel damp. The 'breakfast' was a choice of toast,cornflakes or an egg...not very good!!!!! We had a looooooong 2 night stay and would definitely not return again!!!",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or240-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",It did the job.,After reading some horrific reviews on here I was dreading staying here. It wasn't anywhere near as bad! It was good value for money as exactly what you would expect for a £39 room. I wouldn't want to stay there for longer than a night but it was a roof over my head and a clean warm room. The room wasn't spacious but adequate for 2 people needing a place to crash. ,Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or240-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Not for me,"I arrived and was given a key to LG6 and went to the room to find the key didn't work, came back and was asked was I doing it right. Given another key which didn't work and then next time he came down and said I'll let you in. Pity I did as when I got in the room was disgusting, mould ran all the way along the left hand side of the ceiling and the walls were splattered in something (I said blood but the owner said coffee). Skirting boards were hanging away from the wall and mould and damanage was all around. They did move me to another room when I complained but this was on the top floor with no lift but again the key I was given did not work and I had to walk all the way back to reception.  This room was cleaner but was very very very small.  I ended up sleeping on top of the…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or240-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",What did we expect for £35 a night on Laterooms?,"I write this review irrespective of cost - some might say that for £35 in London, you should be happy for what you get.  What we did get were rude staff who spoke little English, 3 flights of (steep) steps up to our room, which contained a 3/4 bed and nothing else - to be fair there was no room for anything else, apart from a small (very small) bathroom.  The decor was relatively modern but really this room was stupidly small.  It was also really hot with no obvious controls to turn the heating down.  Having had an ok(ish) nights sleep, we looked forwards to our full English.  Sadly there was some bizarre eastern european menu (served by eastern european staff) of cold hard boiled eggs, bread (not toast), cereal and tea.  Not for us at all.",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or240-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"My husband and I stayed one night at this hotel. To be greeted with three steep flights of stairs to our room was a bad start after a days travel, NO LIFT. The website indicated newly refurbished hotel but sadly only our bathroom had been upgraded. The room itself was in poor shape. The bedhead had come away from the bed, the walls were in dire need of a paint. Spare pillows had no pillowcases on them. We noticed around the hotel other areas in urgent need of repair. The one positive feature was the hotel was close to the tube station.",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or240-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Good location poor hotel facilities - Could be better,"Stayed June 2012 . Great location for nearby tube, local shops and restaurants and all transport but the hotel itself was at the best mediocre. Very narrow double room with walls that needed painting, and an extremely small bathroom - The wash basin was actually a small hand basin. The shower was small and for the two nights we stayed there the shower was broken. I reported it the first morning but the owner has obviously ignored my report as he did not summon a plumber to fix the problem. The breakfast was almost a joke. A small downstairs room where all guests had a 'help yourself' free for all. The breakfast was poor only Corn Flakes, slices of cheese, eggs. - You even had to cook you own toast amidst a rugby scrum - The orange juice and coffee was pretty good though. -  All…",Date of stay: June 2012,2.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or245-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!,"I've never seen so dirty hotel like this! Even if someone would offer me staying in this hotel for free I would never go there back. We had room for 3 people, the room was so small so we couldn't even walk there because we had suitcases on the floor, there was no other space. Floor was so dirty, that my shoes were more dirty from the room then from outside. Bathroom wasn't that bad, was at least more clean than the bedroom, but also very small and the glass door in the shower didn't stay closed, so after taking shower everything was wet. There was even dried puke on the wall next to the bed, so if you put your head on the pillow and look at the wall, it was just in front of you!!! Breakfast was in room in basement, with five tables, so people had to wait in the hall until some…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or245-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Almost good,"The location was excellent, the staff friendly and usefull. It was clean, but our room was very very small. We had an extra bed for our daughter, and we could hardly move. The bathroom very small too. Another bad point was the breakfast. Everyday there were just one type of cheese, ham, some fruits and juice, butter and jam and just two types of tea. But it was good for us, because we were out almost all day, so we were just happy because pf the location.",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or245-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Nearly good,"Firstly my single room had 3 singles beds, I was like Goldilocks examing the best one.  Unfortunately they were all bad - like fold up beds with minimal matresses!  Not a good nights sleep.  When going venturing down for breakfast I made a quick exit after discovering the brown bread on offer was covered in mould.  This hotel could be nice with a little more effort ............ but until then give it a wide berth.",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or245-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Dont Do it - it will spoil your visit,The Hotel is called the St Joseph but the room keys and mats inside the Hotel are called the St George. We wondered if they had changed their name because of poor reviews. The walls and floors were dirty. We were expecting a family room for 3 people for one night with breakfast.   What we got was a room about 3 metres square with 3 narrow single beds jammed in with less than a foot between them. There was no room for bedside tables. There was no TV remote unless you left a deposit of £20. The 2 spare pillows provided in the room were sweat stained with no pillowcases. There was damp in the corner of the room with peeling paint and one end of the plastic curtain rail was hanging off the wall. The floors and walls were dirty. The shower room was extremely compact with a sink so…,Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or245-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","it's fine, if you're young and don't care","I can recommend this hotel if you're visiting London for a weekend. It's rather basic, but sufficient. However, if you're older and like it comfortable etc, this is not your first address. Earl's Court is a perfect location, still in zone 1 and rather central. There are various restaurants on Earls Court road, even a Zizzi - Italian. The room was small. It took us a while to find out how the windows worked and we never really got the television going. At first it was terribly hot although the radiator was cool, but we found out that someone had turned the fridge up to level 7, which was the heat source. The reception is nice and friendly. We haven't tried breakfast, because we wanted to eat something in central London.  Unfortunately, the fisrt night smelled like fried onions or…",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or250-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, Decent location, Clean","Located in Earl's Court - this hotel is quite cosy and very conveniently located. It is in a residential neighbourhood, and so it's quite quiet. The rooms are SMALL, however the bathroom in our room was quite spacious.  It is quite nice for the price, and it's just one underground line to Heathrow.  One more thing: the stairs are quite steep and difficult to navigate with a suitcase.",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or250-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",It ok I guess but it rates itself better than what it is,"I must admit and agree with the other reviews here that the location of the hotel is by far its best feature. Located in the Westend close to the underground station of Earls Court.  The rooms are quite pokey (small) we had a double and a triple.  The triple was on the upper floor and the double in the dungeon as the wife puts it.  If they try to put you down stairs be aware that unless you are an early riser then this is not the place to be as the dinning area is directly across from these rooms and the noise from meals carries.  Yes it has been resently refurbished but the quality of work leaves a bit to be desired. The staff are competent in not overly friendly, is not run or staffed by native english people (if your looking for an authentictype holiday).    It is a good…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or250-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely unbelievable,"Set in a location very close to the Olympia Exhibition Centre we read the reviews from this website and thought it was a decent sort of place to stay for a couple of nights, I'll add that past reviews are no indication to the quality of the goods on offer here. Arriving at 10.00 pm on the Saturday evening it was pretty easy to find a parking spot on what would otherwise be a mostly Residents Parking street only. The receptionist was less friendly and informative than someone who actually had any interest in the business making a profit, rather than paying him a wage. There are 2 computers with pay for internet access in the reception. No free wi-fi. We had 2 rooms booked, one for my niece and another for my wife and I. The niece was in a room at ground floor level and this was…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or250-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",A decent place to sleep,"Good position, at the border of Tube zone 1 with Earl's Court station at a 5-minutes walk and multiple bus lines just round the corner.  Prices were good (but we snatched a special offer on booking.com), the room was *very* small, we barely had space to move after the luggage was set, but it was quiet and clean, and the bed was ok. A decent place to sleep, and that's it. Breakfast is just ok, very basic: tea or coffee, toasted bread, butter and jam. It's served in the basement, which is pretty small and gets hot and crowded fast. Staff are kind and helpful, although some hotel policies weren't all that nice, namely the 20£ deposit for the tv remote, and the 5£ fee (per room) on luggage custody, which in my opinion is a service that any hotel should offer for free. All in all, a…",Date of stay: February 2012,3.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or250-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Outhoused from Kensington Court Hotel to this venue,"On arrival from being outhoused from the Kensington Court Hotel {a block away} we received a friendly welcome.  I was dreading having to stay here as I had read some awful reviews about this place.. and besides, had we wanted to stay here out of personal choice, I would have booked it - but as it happened we were in the lap of the gods.........  Our room was sort of ok; if I had to mark it out of 10 it would be a 4 or maximum a 5} It was clean enough but very vey basic. The lighting in the room was awful, bare low energy lightbulbs, and it lacked ambience  There were 3 very small single beds in the room which I have to say were most uncomfortable. Sheets and blankets as opposed to duvets and the pillows too were most uncomfortable. We had a bad night's sleep! The walls are paper…",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or255-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Ignore the negs, it's a little gem in the heart of London!!","We booked this hotel before reading the reviews, and then read the reviews.  We are so glad we ignored most of them!!  There are so many negative reviews of this hotel it is unbelievable.  People just seem to be so picky, want anything for nothing, or are just simply vindictive.  We got there and were met by a very friendly night porter, who checked us in and told us how to get to the room.  We went up the stairs, (which we were lead to believe were steep castle steps), they're not steep at all, I don't know what the problem is, and we went to the first floor, to be greeted by a pleasant twin room, albeit less than large, but very comfortable, with en suite and a safe, and also a fridge (fantastic!) which doesn't happen so often, which came in very useful.  We also read reviews…",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or255-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Basic & cheap but clean and comfortable.,"You get what you pay for at the St Joseph hotel and I found it value for money and the Earls Court location is perfect for all things touristy!  It's clean, but in a variable state of repair.  I got the impression that improvements were ongoing.  For example, the bathroom in my room was clearly new and of a good standard, yet the room itself desperately needed a good paint job.  However, the bed was comfortable and the room was warm.  The breakfast was basic but adequate.  A full English you will not get, but on offer was boiled eggs, some naff cheese, toast and cereal with fruit juice, tea and very nice coffee.    Reception staff were courteous and friendly.  Overall, for the price I paid I could not complain about my stay and I would book again in the future.",Date of stay: January 2012,3.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or255-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and cheap,"Hey there, I booked a double room in January 2012 from booking.com and it cost me £44 for a Friday night. I booked this as I was moving home and needed a room for the night and this was one of the cheapest.  It was great value for money. Bed was comfortable and clean, shower was great and there was a plasma tv with freeview in the room. Breakfast (toast,cereal & juice buffet style) was also included.   The only negative I would say is that the room was slightly cold but I didn't ask them to turn on the heat so maybe this could of been remedied.   I would recommend if you are looking for a nice budget hotel in a good location in London.",Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or255-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Do you like dirty rooms and rude service? That's your place!,"We did book through booking.com as it was in a very nice area and conveniently close to Earl's Court tube station. As soon as we arrived, NOBODY came to us to help with luggage.  The place was dirty and stinky!!!  The guy at the reception shown us our room; you know what? the room was even worse then the hotel itself!!! Walls were written on and dirty, bed linen were stained as well as the stinky carpet.  Immediately me and my wife shared the same thought: let's move out ASAP!!!  Despite I would loose my already paid money, we decide to go somewhere else.  Plese do yourself a favor, run away from here!",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or255-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Good value basic accommodation,My wife and I stayed here while visiting London. The Hotel was reasonably priced and very basic. The rooms are very small as the hotel is built in an old townhouse. Breakfast is provided as part of the cost and is also basic. On the whole reasonably cheap so what you get is not bad value.,Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or260-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Good value,Very pleased that on arrival the gentleman in reception honoured my request for a room with a minimum of stairs as he allocated us a large ground floor room. The room and bathroom were perfectly clean with the bathroom looking to be recently refurbished. The beds were comfortable and the towels provided of an unexpectedly good quality.The room and bathroom were small but perfectly adequate. The breakfast was better than the reviews I had read of the hotel. It was basic but entirely satisfactory and the bread provided was fresh and not just the cheapest available. The one unfirtunate was that the toaster wasn;t working on our second day. For the price paid for a 2 night stay to visit the International Horse show at Olympia it was excellent value for money.,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or260-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",OK rooms but poor service.,"We stayed two nights at St Joseph hotel during a family trip to London. We had booked one double room and one tripple room well in advance, but despite that we ended up on different floors far from each other. The stairs were narrow and steep with a thick rug which made it difficult to walk in. No lift. Rooms small but in an OK standard and clean - but the bathroom had a smell from the sewage pipes and the bed pillows were very thin.  Bring cash if you want to use the tv remote control - you have to put up a £20 deposit, and also be prepared to pay for the luggage room on the checkout day - £5 per room. That kind of service I take for granted in hotels, I have been to quite a few. The continental breakfast was poor, bread from the plastic bags, eggs 20 min cooked - totally…",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or260-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",An average hotel in a good location,"The rooms were quite small but clean (especially the bathroom!). The beds were ok and the sheets had been changed (always a big plus ;)). We were given a room in the lower ground floor, even though we had requested a room in the upper floors. So we had no view at all (a tiny window in the corner from which you could see rusty ladders) but it didn't bother us that much as we stayed for only one night. The lock in the door didn't work properly, apparently there was something wrong with the key so that the lock system didn't always recognise it. They did come to change it the next morning but we were already leaving then.  The breakfast was ok - toast, tea/coffee, eggs, juice, cereals... but nothing ""fancy"". The staff workers weren't thatt enthusiastic about their job (so it…",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or260-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",good for short stay,"Rooms recently upgraded looks ok ,unfortunately typically small .Breakfast poor, same every day (yellow cheese,boiled eggs,corn flakes,jam,butter,tea,coffee,milk) .You better do not take it, if you stay more than 2 days. WiFi not free. No plug adaptor available .",Date of stay: October 2011,3.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or260-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",I was pleasantly surprised,"I wasn't sure what to expect having read some of the other reviews of this hotel.  However I must say, my two night stay was rather pleasant.  I had a double room which was extremely quiet and comfortable.  The rooms are a little small and bijoux but cosy nonetheless.  The staff were polite and helpful when we needed to leave our luggage before our room was ready.  I would stay here again as it's an excellent location for the Tube and sightseeing.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or265-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Rude staff, ok room, great location","Pros: Excellent location minutes away from Earls Court tube station, plenty of restaurants around. Cheap and clean room, which is not that common in London.  Cons: The staff at this hotel is very rude except for the evening guy. There are no phones inside the rooms, no elevator and you have to give a 20 pounds deposit to get a remote (!). Also, staff won't bother checking if the room is ready if you arrive even a few minutes before check-in time (2pm).  Bottom line is don't expect any kind of service at this hotel (except from the evening guy) but then again, this is no 5 stars hotel...",Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or265-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Bad service,I would recommend not staying here. The service is terrible and the staff are very rude. Housekeeping threw away my travelcard. I ended up having to pay money for a new travelcard. The only response I got was that he would tell the housekeeping to not do that in the future. I would recommend going somewhere else.,Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or265-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",small but clean,"Very small room with narrow twin beds (Did ask for double) Both bathroom and bedroom very clean and quiet. No bath, only shower. Reasonably price and conveniently positioned for Earls Court tube. Will keep on our list of London Hotels.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or265-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",No elevator!,I would not recommend this hotel to anyone as climbing up the narrow stairs with luggage is not an easy task.,Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or265-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",They couldn't find my reservation,"I booked my room at St. Joseph Hotel through Expedia.com. I needed a decent room for a quick, one night, visit to London. I arrived at the hotel, walked up to the receptionist and told him my name. He looked though his papers and told me that he didn't have a reservation in my name. I said that I had booked the room, received  a confirmation and that the money had been deducted from my account and thus, I would like to have the room I paid for. He then continued to read the entire arrivals list out loud to me and then looking up at me saying ""and these are all the names I have, and you are not on the list"". Frustrated, I asked to go online so that I could show him my e-mail confirmation to which he pointed me in the direction of the two computers which you have to pay to use.…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or270-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, great location but tiny room",The other reviews have already said that the service is no existent.  The rooms have been refreshed and are clean but tiny. Stay here if you only wish to sleep here. Breakfast is an experience - everyone needs to breath in at the same time so you can get to the breakfast bar and around the tiny room.   Great location. Not sure this hotel is value for money. Might be best to stay a bit further out and get more for your £.,Date of stay: July 2011,3.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or270-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","If you have a lodging option, please exercise it.","The reception desk was unattended when I arrived in the early evening. It took about five to ten minutes for someone to amble to  the front desk so I could check in--a short period of time unless you have been traveling by plane, bus, and train for the past 18 hours at which point five minutes seems an eternity.  The front desk staff who finally greeted me seemed disinterested in assisting and avoided any eye contact. I make a point of being polite regardless of how inconvenienced I may be, so he was not reacting to an angry guest. The room was relatively clean, but extremely cramped. The hallway to the room was dark and narrow. This will be my last visit to St. Joseph's.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or270-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here,"First of all, the guy who works at the desk during the day is extremely rude and lazy. They don't have an elevator, and the guy just laughed at me when I asked if they had one. He didn't budge to help us carry our heavy luggage up three flights of stairs. Then the room was tiny, but that's not the biggest issue. The bedspreads are dingy and dirty. They look like they're from 1980. If I had to pick a pro about this hotel, it's in a nice area in Earl's Court and is very close to the tube. I wouldn't recommend staying here to anyone though...even an enemy, ha.",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or270-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Rude Staff, Tiny Room, Poor Breakfast",I will never stay again in this hotel... this is Not a Value for Money hotel...  The staff was rude... I had to carry my luggages 3 floors up from the (typical tiny) stairs ( no elevator in this hotel ). The room was Not for claustrophobic persons... there was also a small hole in the wall... and i had to figure out how to turn on the room heating !!!!  Last but not least i have to mention the poor Breakfast... this was not breakfast... it was something like breakfast... and really poor one....  The only good part for this hotel is that was close to the Earls Cort Station.,Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1799355-Reviews-or270-St_Joseph_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"St Joseph Hotel Reviews, London","Damp & stained walls, Rude Staff, Tiny Beds and Poor Breakfast","Room stank of cigarette smoke, there was huge damp stains all over the walls, stained carpet, broken fixtures in the bathroom, breakfast not worth eating, and the manager had no hospitality skills whatsoever.  Noisy at night- could hear everytime anyone flushed the toilet or used the taps upstairs.  Broken light bulbs, and only one very thin pillow each.  The beds are also tiny camp style ones.  If you are over a size 14 you might struggle in the 'single' beds!  Would definately ring up to check that they have finished refurbishing before you stay- on their website it says they have, but trust me they haven't!  Pictures on their website not representative of the reality.",Date of stay: December 2010,2.0
