,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or0-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous,"Tried 3 different rooms. First one there were exposed live wires in the bathroom, they moved us ( fair enough). Second one plug was stuck in the sink so it wouldn’t drain, most if not all the furniture was broken,, they moved us (fair enough). Third room everything worked, however there was a used condom on the outside window ledge, wet carpet in the bedroom and a very very strong smell of drugs. We had to stay there because we’d paid for the room and the manager wasn’t available to authorise a refund. Bloody awful.  Stay away.",Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or0-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t stay here,"Firstly I would like to say that I have never made a bad review of anything in my life, however I had a reservation made at this hotel for last night (5th June) and upon arriving back to the accommodation after my birthday celebrations myself and my two guests found not one but two mice or rats running around the apartment, we complained about this and the staff member was very rude and when I asked to speak to a manager I was informed ‘he’s asleep’, when I finally got to speak to said manager on the telephone he was also very ignorant and dismissive of the situation, and only offered a refund when I threatened a bad review or speaking to trading standards. I attempted to mediate with the manager and the member of staff however it was to no avail as soon as they confirmed I would be refunded we were rushed and ushered out of the hotel.   I have now read other reviews on this property and seen that other rooms are infested with ants, there are leaking roofs and nothing is like how it is advertised. The air conditioning unit in my room  was broken, the blinds were broken, several shelves from the fridge missing and drawers from the bedside tables missing. In all seriousness some kind of intervention is needed here as this property is a danger to health!!! Especially in a pandemic it’s absolutely disgusting that places like this are operating, exploiting the good nature of the public who are  trying to boost the economy after the last 12 months. Shame on you.   Once again I’m not one to make a complaint but given how dismissive and how in denial the managers of this property is, I wouldn’t want anyone else bothering to spend there money to go there. Avoid.…",Date of stay: June 2021,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or0-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely DISGUSTING!,"This was hands down the worst experience I have had staying at a hotel in many years. Don't be fooled by the luxurious-looking photography used on their website; they must be from when the hotel was last renovated. I was embarrased and felt so sorry for my fiancee who booked this hotel for a weekend away in London, that I didn't make a big deal about it whilst we were there, however the standard of this hotel is NOT acceptable. The first room we entered was infested with ants, from where the room had not been cleaned from the previous lodger. The second room that we stayed in was horrific. The floors were dirty, to the point we kept our shoes and socks on the whole time. The towels still had foundation or makeup on from their previous users and smelled damp. The bottom of the bed was marked beyond belief from dirty shoes, the skirting boards were covered by a thick layer of dust, the bed-side unit was scratched and dirty, looking like it had been salvaged from a local tip. There were grease stains and water marks along the wall next to the bed. There were hand prints and dirt stains on the wall and one mug kept in a dirty cupboard that obviously never got used. Not to mention the church next door, that rang it's bell every hour! Combined with the noisy neighbours upstairs I was woken up pretty much every hour.  I quickly read the reviews of this hotel before writing my own to see if anyone had experienced  the same dissapointing stay, to my suprise they had. Unsurprisingly, the only positive reviews I have read were from users using a landscape photograph as their profile picture, suggesting that these aren't real customers and are in fact poor attempts from the hotel to increase their ratings - such a sad excuse for a hotel!  All in all, we could not wait to get out of this place and we will not be returning - all I can do is recommend that anyone reading this spends a little more time to find somewhere decent to stay in and not this pathetic attempt at a 'hotel'.  And the WIFI didn't work...SHOCK!…",Date of stay: May 2021,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or0-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay at Axiom!,"This was our first time staying at this hotel and the experience was brilliant from start to end. The room was clean, had a modern designed bathroom and the kitchen space with the microwave was very useful. There is also a water machine nearby which was another great plus about this hotel.   One thing I’d like to mention is the chest of draws on either side of the bed - it has been something which I have noticed has been mentioned in a vast range of reviews and believe it is something that needs to be replaced ASAP. Also, note that the WiFi does not have the best connection.   Apart from the above, all staff were very helpful and welcoming and we will be back again for the facilities and overall effort from staff to ensure our stay is at its best it can be.",Date of stay: April 2021,4.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or0-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",I really can't fault it!,"We didn't really know what to expect, but on arrival we were pleasantly surprised. The price, the open-plan modern rooms, the location, the parking - it even surpassed what was advertised.   Abdul, who works at SO Arch, was a highlight of our stay. He was extremely welcoming and helpful. Even the booking/communication before we arrived was smooth.   We stayed as a family but I can imagine that this would also be great for couples.   Would definitely stay again!",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or5-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent clean family room / apartment at a reasonable price,"All as advertised and expected - an excellent base for a family needing to stay in London - spotlessly clean, no outside noise we were aware of, good shower, comfy enough beds, sensible layout of space.",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or5-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Dreary. Cold. Unwelcoming.,Their photos and description are very misleading. The room I had looked nothing like the nice ones pictured. I stayed in the Garden Suite (though I had reserved a different one) It's a converted garage round the back of the main building. It's bare and cold. There are ants in the bathroom.  The receptionist is surly and unfriendly.  There is nowhere to sit and work.,Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or5-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Deluxe studio,"Overall a very clean studio, I think advertising it as deluxe may be an over statement but then we didn’t see the non deluxe! Kitchenette in room but with the very bare necessities. Bed was very comfy. Little confusing when booking through Booking.com as we were expecting a double bed with sofa bed only to find it was a single bed right next to the double which was no problem but it’s a little misleading when booking! Would suggest perhaps putting a mirror in the main room as there is only one in the bathroom. Would stay here again it was reasonably priced for a London studio.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or5-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Disappointing, the reality doesn't match the marketing blurb and it was poor value for money.","We chose this hotel for an overnight stay when attending a local family function as the advertising, photos, etc. looked good, parking was available and it is convenient to local facilities. Initial impressions were that it was basic but clean but we found the room facilities poorly planned, there were no instructions for the tv or microwave, no tea towel in the kitchenette, the bedside cabinet tops were blistered and worn, the blackout blind to the window couldn't be raised. A conversion from an old school, the sound insulation between floors was poor and we had the misfortune to be in a room under  a family whose young child was enjoying  running around for long periods. At over £120 (booked through a regularly used booking site), we consider it was poor value.",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or5-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Where is my money,"This hotel still have £50 of my money they took as a deposit and says that they have paid it me back. I have proved that this is not the case, please don’t part with any money, the place itself is filthy and disgusting and you will most probably catch something after your visit PLEASE AVOID",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or10-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Very expensive and very poor ,The garden suit .... well first of all you can forget all what you knew about suits...its cold the heating it can achieved only with very old aircondition and noisy... sheets were not quit clean...terrible bed small and wavy...and no way to set the room temperature....plus both the aircon and some electrical radiators were stinky ,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or10-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing like the pictures at all,"Stayed here in an Executive Studio on 14th November (after cancelling a booking at the Britannia Hampstead hotel due to bad reviews). This place looked ideal and so modern and clean for a steal of a price!  Got there and the room was extremely tired and cold and was like minimal, student accomodation. There had obviously been a leak or damp in the roof, which was boarded over with a wooden plank and just left. The remainder of the leak stains were all brown and stained down the wall. There had also been some furniture fixed to the wall that had been ripped out. But had left all of the marks on the wall so it was an eyesore. Nothing that a fresh bit of plaster and white paint couldn't solve!   That being said, the hotel offered parking for £10 a night in its own car park, which…",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or10-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","So Arch, So Awful","OMG, £99 for a place in Archway, we expected top notch accommodation. It was so not! The rooms were old and smelly and in poor state of repair.   To make matters worse, Reception took my payment twice 'in error' and when I asked for the money back, they have said I have to wait up to a week.   Receptionist hung up on me the following Monday when I called and asked to speak to a manager/someone senior.  Saying this is at the level of hostel/student accommodation is doing students a disservice.  Rubbish apartment, over charged me and rude customer service.   PLEASE DON'T STAY HERE, not worth the money!!!!",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or10-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for us,"It was with some trepidation that I approached our booking here as I had read some reviews which were less than favourable. We had booked the garden suite and when we arrived it was not available. We were offered room 204 instead and we could not have been happier, quiet beautiful outlook, light , clean comfortable. Great staff and location. Will definitely come again",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or10-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t be mislead,"This in no way is anything approaching 3 star.   I would strongly advise (but your decision of course) that you check out other hotels before booking here.   I paid upwards of £350 for 2 nights so would have believed it would be reasonable. Don’t make my mistake.   It would be a stretch to say this was student level accommodation.   1 sachet of shampoo and 1 of shower gel in bathroom that floods every time you shower.   Oh yes incidentally, they charge £10 per day to park your car.   If you read this, please take note; have 0 expectations and you won’t be disappointed. ",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or15-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",So disappointed ,"Stayed here for 1 night with my partner whilst visiting London for his 30th birthday. Initially the person on the desk was very helpful, said we had been upgraded to the garden suite free of charge, was given our room number etc. and we went out for the day.. anyway, when we returned there was a different lady on the desk, she said they had taken away our upgrade now and changed our room and she was quite rude and dismissive. We then entered our room... there was stains all over the base of the bed, sweet wrappers on the floor, dirt and grime all around the windows and window sill and the blind was broken, there was carved in graffiti on the desk and overall it was just awful, not luxury. However, the bathroom was clean and lovely! Then that night there was constant banging from…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or15-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Hotel in London,"This is now second time we are staying in SO Arch at Pemberton Gardens, and again we enjoyed the stay. The hotel has a perfect location, and coming by car to London there is a good parking place at the hotel.  The rooms are clean, and a very good size. The staff are very friendly, and they even remebered you despite it was 6 months ago since my last stay. The location is close to the Underground which makes it possible to come into City of London very fast.  Definitely one of my prefereed hotels in London. ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or15-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Luxury apartments ???? I think my toilet is cleaner,on arrival first room which was given to us had a dirty nappy in the bin under the kitchen sink which stank 🤢🤮 unsure as to how long it had been there.  Filled the sink to wash the pots and the pipes underneath was faulty and wasn’t connected properly so you can guess what happened next all our food which was stored in the only cupboard was soaking wet through.  Dirty stains all over the place carpets beds and walls.  Air conditioning??? Yes we do have it but it doesn’t work at all.  Furniture in the rooms shabby and broken.  Was assured by manger to be moved to a better room the next day which has air conditioning that worked.  2 nd room also to sleep a family of five again  Dirty carpets Dirty walls Broken furniture  3 bowls and 2 cups for 5 people  Oh and the air…,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or15-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Long weekend,"We booked a duplex room which was supposed to hold 4 adults. When we arrived we found that the sofa bed provided was not only far too small for our 14 and 11 year old but was also broken. We went to the receptionist who was very helpful and found us another room. This had not been cleaned properly and she seemed very embarrassed. We were then moved to the garden suite which was more appropriate. The sofa bed was in tact and slightly bigger (definitely not 2 adult size but ok for the kids just about).   The air conditioning was noisy and dripped water even when we turned it off.   The kitchen is essentially a microwave, kettle and toaster and no eating space so we had to eat on the bed.   The location however was ok. Near to the tube with easy access to central London. And coffee…",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or15-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Staff are friendly, daily housekeeping is not consistent.","1.  First night of arrival, the triple room was not the one we booked.  The AC did not work.  However the receptionist Ana was very helpful and moved us to the room on the second day. 2.  It only provided one access key per room, not convenient for a family with a few adults though the staff can open the door for us. 3.  One night the hot water required repair.  No notice was provided until we found out ourselves. It took more than 2 hours to fix and we had to alert the staff there was still no hot water.  Finally, it was fixed after midnight. 4.  Housekeeping service is not consistent, especially the vaccum cleaning.  It was noticeable there was no vaccum clearing in some days.  There was no replacement of soap in some days.   5.  Location is quite good, easily to get to the…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or20-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","""Terrible"" is far too complimentary for this squalid hovel, but it is the lowest rating available","I'm not sure where to start with this review as I've never stayed in a place remotely as bad as this.   We booked (and sadly prepaid) an ""Executive Studio"" via booking.com during July (we are 3 days into the stay and are counting the days remaining). Next we will begin seeking ways to get a refund or early checkout with reimbursement.  The list of issues is too long to list, however, I will run through some examples:  1) No kettle in the room - an extremely basic requirement 2) only two mugs, no glasses, bare minimum cutlery - no cutting board, cutting knife, bottle opener, etc - contrasting strongly with the ""kitchenware"" as advertised on booking.com 2) no coat hangers in the room - no, not even one.. when a staff member finally produced a single trouser hanger 24 hours after…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or20-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, best location and excelent reception.","I had been at the hotel with three friends during four nights and five days and I can guarantee that is a good option if you're searching a peaceful place with good communication. There are Archway Station (underground and bus) and many supermarkets near the hotel. Moreover, with no more than fifteen minutes you can arrive at the epicenter of London. The room was well it was provided with A/C, but it was only provided with a microwave. However, there are some cheap restaurants near the hotel. The service is really good, specially the receptionist, Ana, she helped us with everything, even she advised us on what we should visit during those days. So, I recommend this hotel with no doubt.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or20-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",OK but could easily be much better,"Firstly, the location is good - it is only a short walk from Archway tube station and appears to have good private car parking facilities. Free WiFi works well enough.  Staff are helpful and friendly. We arrived at 1.00 pm but were informed that although our room was ready, we would have to pay £10 extra for ""early check in"" one hour early. No opportunity lost to make an extra buck there then! We were two couples staying in a double appartment - mezzanine floor bed fine but downstairs bed a fold down sofa - not at all comfortable for two adults.  Staff did provide an additional camp bed but this was not adequate for an adult. Refundable ""damage deposit"" required on check in.  Only one room key (card) issued - £150 fine if you loose it.  List of draconian fines for various…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or20-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and parking.,"Friendly reception staff, good location close to the underground and importantly for us there was parking on-site. However, it was smaller than expected and not well maintained. A bit grubby. But for a two-night stay OK.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or20-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Very tired and parts dirty,"We have stayed at so arch for one night as two couples . We had booked two apartments then at VERY short notice told 'maintainance' meant they were not available so no option but to take duplex room. We had to ask for linen and duvets to be changed as they were stained and so were replacements. All paintwork needs updating, furniture very scuffed, blind ripped and tv remote melted !!  We also needed to leave ID copies and deposit at check in !! (I stay in many hotels and never asked to do this)  Good location and staff helpful.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or25-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible experience, do not stay here",I booked my 1 night stay in the duplex apartment for 4 adults for £199 for the 8th June to attend our friends Hen do. After arriving early at 1 o’clock on the day I was informed by the reception staff that due to a maintenance issue my room was unavailable and told that only a studio was available.  After requesting to see the room I was taken to it and discovered that in the room there was only a double bed and a single camp bed on the floor in an extremely small room.  At this point I informed the staff member that I and 3 other adults would not be able to stay in the room as there wasn’t enough space in this room intended for 2 people maximum.  After discussing this further I was offered a room at an alternative hotel for the inconvenience. In the end two of us were booked…,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or25-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Disgusting hotel,treated with no respect","Booked to stay here for a festival,upon arrival was told my room was leaking so could not stay there.No phone call or email to inform me of this.Was sent to so Paddington hotel which was miles from where we wanted to be zero parking and room was foul and smelt of toilet waste.Cancelled room and was told I would receive a refund.Seems to be a current theme from other reviews of this being a scam.Booked another hotel and still awaiting refund",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or25-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Not good at all!,We booked this hotel months in advance as seemed perfect location for a festival we were attending. When we arrived we were told we couldn’t stay in the hotel because of a ‘leak’. Offering us an option of staying in a hotel miles from the location we needed to be in was not good enough! There was no attempt of contacting us via telephone before our journey. Reception were not helpful at all. We took it upon ourselves to secure alternative accommodation and ended up missing half of the festival due to the inconvenience!   Not Happy!,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or25-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","If you want your weekend ruined, book here!",Booked a 4 person room months in advance to attend a festival. We arrived and were informed that the room was no longer available due to “maintenance”. No attempt was made to phone and inform me and the guy on reception showed no remorse what so ever. Had to make desperate attempts to find a room for 4 people in a part of London that was fully booked due to the festival. The guy wasn’t even prepared to allow us to leave the car there. Just full of “we can’t do that” bull s**t! Finally found a room at double the cost and missed half the festival.,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or25-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",MOVED US ON THE DAY OF THE RESERVATION,"The manager moved us to their disgusting branch in Kings Cross on the day of our reservation despite our resistance. Claimed that there were some issues with our room but I can see from other reviews that this seems to be a regular occurrence. We asked for a cancellation but he wouldn't give it to us. Talk about breach of consumer rights.  We were so angry we made our way to the Archway branch and confronted the manager who promised a refund. Almost a month later, there is no sign of this supposed refund and we are pursuing action through consumer rights groups.   Disgusting customer service. Shame on you.",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or30-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Good location - worn out,"Very good and quiet location nearby archway metro station.  Friendly staff but rooms were very basic and worn out. In addition, the duplex room only had 1 real bed and a sofa-bed. Bit expense (£199) if you take this into account.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or30-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Moved to So Kings Cross fault with the room,"Booked due to being near the O2 Forum. Got there and there was a problem with the room which wouldn't be resolved until after 7pm. After travelling for 4 hours to get to London, we needed to get changed before we went out so 7pm was way too late (we arrived at 4pm).   They arranged for us to instead stay at their sister hotel and to be fair, paid for a taxi for us. It was one of those things, but through no fault of our own, we were late for the gig and had to stay out of the way (comparative to where we paid for).   The sister hotel was horrible. Just horrendous. We were promised ""the same room"" which I'll have to take his word for, but it was disgusting and tiny. It was nothing like what I was given the impression I was booking on hotels.com.  This was the first night away I…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or30-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Comfortable, quiet, rooms at SO Arch at Pemberton Gardens, Archway","My wife and I stayed at here in February 2019. The apartments are in a converted school building with safe parking in the yard. Although just off the main street the apartments are quiet, the beds are comfortable and the staff, particularly Raj and Federico, are courteous and helpful. Some criticism; the groundfloors of the Duplex apartments, though functional, are disappointingly small and sparsely furnished. In terms of general maintainence there are issues with the air conditioning; there is a general lack of table lamps. On the other hand, the Lux-studio rooms are spacious and attractive with elegant natural light. The regular doubles are smaller but still a good size and as well-equipped as the others. We would stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or30-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","happy with everything, grazie Federico!","I spent 5 nights with my family and everything was good, location, room and cleaning were good, but the staff was the best. I meet Federico who helped us in many ways and made sure everything was going well. I will return there for sure.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or30-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Good little hotel,"Stayed for one night & it was a pleasant stay, good value for what it cost. Clean room, comfortable bed, good size bathroom with heated under floor heating, small kitchen are with fridge. The only reason I’ve left one star off is because there was some sort of staff closet outside the room door & it was being opened & closed pretty much all day, very noisy. Shame as everything else good about the stay",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or35-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",London break away,"Lovely hotel, clean and comfortable. Bathroom had underfloor heating . Full size fridge in room as well as kettle, toaster and microwave. Close to all modes of transport. Would definitely stay here again",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or35-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Relaxing & Convenient,"A stone throw away from Archway tube station, next to a Church building or may be part of it at some point and later converted.  Generous 10 free car parking spaces, prompt house keeping comes with kitchenette.  We enjoyed staying there and would recommend this place if you planning too.   Make sure book in advance, if you using Booking.com then don’t get into this trap (last room left etc etc) with experience we came to know that individual hotels/apartments and hostels only advertise room by room (very rarely they publish that they have more than 3-4 rooms available at one time). Be patient and do your research.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or35-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Total misrepresentation,"Checked in on December 27 for an 11 days stay at the Archway So Arch ApartHotel. It claimed to be a 4 star apart hotel, pre-paid in full for 2 people in an executive studio with kitchenette. I am still there now. In their favour the room is spotlessly clean and the shower room room very nice and modern. Bed is comfy. However, the Air Condition which also provides the heating is not working, and apparently hasn't been for some time with no prospect of a remedy during my stay. An electric floor standing heater was provided but it makes the room airless and unpleasant. The hot water runs out by noon every day. I was told despite 2 people occupying the room, I am not 'allowed' to have 2 room access cards. Do they think they are running a student hostel?There is a very minimal…",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or35-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient & Cozy ,My girlfriend and I were watching a gig at Alexander Palace and stopped here for 1 night. I thought it was very neat and tidy. Decent size double room. Nice bathroom and comfy bed. Didn’t quite understand the mammoth size fridge in the room but was nice to have a cup of tea in the morning. Would go back again,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or35-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Very good,We stayed here overnight whilst in London travelling and it was very good. Receptionist was very polite and the room was very clean and tidy. Enough facilities for a couple nights stay. Would come here again. :),Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or40-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Really Bad,"Broken drawers, broken heating, broken blind. Receptionist lent me their fan heater.  But there's no management to complain to. What a dive. I originally checked into one room - blind is broken. Moved to another room - no hearing. This place is a joke.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or40-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Just Awful,Checked into room - discovered that the blind for the window was broken and no bedside lamp. I asked to be moved - only to discover there is no heating in the room.  I did complein but staff are unhelpful and there is no manager to contact anwhere.   Don't stay here - stay somewhere else instead.,Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or40-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel with terrible customer service!,"I stayed here last weekend with my niece and her young son after they arrived from Australia. When we arrived the boiler wasn't working so there was no hot water, the blind was broken so we could not open it, the television didn't work and the bed was broken. The key card for the door also didn't work, so they gave us a master key that would have opened the doors to all the rooms in the hotel! We were told there were no other rooms to move us to and that they couldn't get a boiler maintenance person for 2 days. Most concerning though, was on our last morning when we found the carbon monoxide detector in the boiler cupboard was flashing ""faulty"". The staff seemed totally unable or unwilling to sort anything out. Don't ever stay here!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or40-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Would recommend this hotel,Very friendly and helpful staff. Close to subway and buses. Nice clean room with a good sized bathroom. Kitchenette with a good sized fridge and microwave. Supermarkets and places to eat close by. Travelled with a two-year old and the playpark close by was great. Free parking and 24/7 reception service made us feel safe. Overall very good.  Rita from Ireland.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or40-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",So loud,"This is easily the loudest place I’ve ever stayed - you can hear people talking, stomping around, the doors slam so loud the walls shake - it’s like the place is made of paper. Fire alarm went off at nearly 1am, it’s a joke. It’s impossible to sleep for this reason. Other than that it’s fine but I won’t be staying again, not being able to sleep is a deal breaker!",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or45-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Not as bad a the reviews say,"We stayed here on a Staturday night, I read the reviews after we booked it and I was a bit concerned that it would be terrible. We were surprised the parking was great, staff friendly , easy check in and out and rooms clean and tidy. The only negative thing I could say was the doors to rooms slamed, but thats down to the guests not the hotel. Would stay again as it was close to the event we were attending.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or45-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Air-conditioning not working,"We stayed in a luxury studio for 3 nights during the recent heatwave.  It was a very nice duplex, very convenient for the Northern Line BUT the air conditioning did not work and there was no effort to fix it.  Was told that management could not care less so perhaps it was a way of saving money.  Was given a small fan after asking twice. Sent them an email a couple of weeks ago to complain but have no response to date. Also the bathroom sink was blocked and was not repaired during our stay.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or45-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",NOT WORTH THE MONEY,"Don't bother, we have stayed here a couple of times before and it's just getting worse, no money being put back in to repair or maintain the rooms. The manager is ignorant and staff just use the phrase 'the manager says' -  last visit aircon not working, this time only 4 beds for 5 people apparently they 'assumed' we had a little child who could share a bed with us, then wanted to charge an extra £25 per night for the mattress, even though I had booked for 5 people. It was advertised at £300 for the night yet the drawers in the desk were broken and left ketchup and happy meal toys filling it. NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or45-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful stay. ,"I stayed in this hotel from 14th to 26th of June2018.Room 109. The check in was very smooth. The girl at the reception was very pleasant.  We were 3members.My husband, myself and my 12 year daughter. The room was a duplex. Very clean. The house keeping staff were very polite and very helpful. The location of the hotel is ideal .Very easy to reach central London using the train and  bus. The hotel has an old world charm about it.  The two things I had problem with are...  The skylight glass on the top floor bedroom. It gave me a disturbed sleep. The sun used to set at 9 pm and rise at 4am.No shade on the skylight. I am used to sleeping in a dark room. This became a bit of a problem.Hope they do something about this.  In my 13day stay they cleaned the room only 3times.We would…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or45-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"So@Archway Pemberton gardens London N19 5rr  I Elaine Senter and 3 others arrived on the 24th June and checked in for 2:00pm.  The staff were very friendly and welcoming. We stayed in apt 105, It was basic but beautiful and clean. During our stay, we were constantly disturbed with banging doors to which I was told by staff on reception that this is an ongoing problem. In the downstairs room where the A/C device is, there were exposed unsafe wires to which we were hesitant to attempt to switch off. This led to difficulty of sleeping.  In the early hours of the 25th we were disturbed yet again by loud, aggressive banging or kicking on the reception door, to which the police were having to be called. Our room was right next to this.   I understand that this was not the staff's…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or50-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Good place to stay,"One of the better locations I have visited in London. Easy to find and central enough for places I was visiting. Room was clean enough upon arrival and staff were friendly. The bed however, was awful with lumps and bumps everywhere. We also had the room next to the housekeeping cupboard which would bang constantly from quite early. Other rooms also bang throughout the morning and night. Overall a pleasant stay ",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or50-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",A curates egg,I get serviced accommodation and this location with parking makes it a great base when working in central London so that alone scores it highly.   I’ve had previous issues when staying here especially the dreadful carpets but the upgraded wood floor takes away the biggest negative but there are still things which for me means no more than average.  Only one mug provided and it was chipped.   Desk still from Ikea skip!  WiFi dreadfully slow.  Two single beds joined badly to form a double so you fall into a Grand Canyon.  Not sure where the hot water tank is but shower takes about 10 minutes before delivering hot water.  They ask you to wash the dishes but don’t provide a tea towel.  Yes the air con is noisy so turned off and opened the window.  So lots of little niggles but will…,Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or50-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",4 Star - I find that hard to believe,"I had the misfortune of spending a night in one of their more upmarket rooms. Let me start by saying that the building and location are great and the potential of the room with a mezzanine level had real potential. As you will notice by my rating that the ‘potential’ was never realised. To begin with the furniture. This must have been acquired from the skip at IKEA. The carpet had a multitude of either blood or makeup stains (I wasn’t 100% sure of the origins!) then a fire alarm going off at 12.30am, and not a whiff of an explanation or apology from the staff pretty much sums up my experience. If it was a 1/2 star hotel it may have received a more favourable review! ",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or50-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Luxury rooms at affordable prices!?!?!?!? Avoid,"Ok, so this is classed as four star accomodation - how!?!?! Who appointed the four stars!?!?  We often like to go away for a few days as a family to explore places in the UK. Most of the time I book a family room at premier Inn. These rooms in London are around the £100 mark and have everything we need. I thought for a change lets pay a little more and stay somewhere a little different. At £152 this was more than 50% more expensive but I thought it looked really nice and a little quirky and was worth the extra cash...how wrong could I have been? Read on and you will find out.  My first disappointment came when shortly after booking via booking.com I had a cookies inspired advert for the same apartment  on the same date for more than £20 cheaper via booking site Agoda! A little…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or50-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant surprise ,"We stayed overnight on 10th March as we were at a birthday party nearby.  The hotel was surprisingly quiet despite it being near a main road.  The room was clean and tidy, the bed was comfortable and the shower in the bathroom was hot and powerful!  The staff were very helpful.  It’s reasonably priced, we were able to park the car safely and would recommend. ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or55-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Stay,"We had a one night stay here.  We'd originally booked somewhere else but booking.com had messed up the reservation so we found this.  The location was ideal (we wanted somewhere close to the Alexandra Palace), parking is a great bonus, staff were all lovely and very helpful.  Yes the rooms are tired and not quite up to the standard shown on the photographs but in my opinion and for what we wanted it was ideal.  Handy for lots of shops, lovely pub couple of minutes walkaway.  The price for one night does fluctuate quite a lot, I'd definitely stay again if the price was right.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or55-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel/Apartment but needs some TLC,"I've never stayed in an Apartment/Hotel before, so was a bit surprised to get to my room to find a set of stairs. The bathroom was nice, well-kept and clean, and the shower was larger than normal, which was a pleasant surprise. There was a little kitchenette area with a fridge and microwave which I didn't really use but was a nice addition. There was a large living room area with very high ceilings and the bedroom upstairs was a decent size with clean, modern décor.   The only downside really was that the whole place was a bit run-down. It was clean but there were lots of chips in the paint etc. and it just looked like it needs a bit of TLC.  The area was fine and the location was really convenient for getting to 02 Forum.  I can see why people would be disappointed as it was a…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or55-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised . glad we had ignored some very bad reviews,Chose this  because of location and  parking facilities.  We were given a  room  with a double and a single bed  as no twin rooms available.  beds  comfortable and clean.  kitchenette very useful for  breakfast and  hot drinks.   yes carpets a bit tired   but previous spillages  had  clearly been   scrubbed. Staff friendly and helpful although unable to accommodate  a request for  a twin room on ground floor  due to others in wheel chairs (so understandable).very good value  for area especially as we had free parking for the £85 per night.,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or55-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Great 2 nights, helpful staff","Just spent 2 nights here and we stayed in the garden suite outside which was cosy for the 4 of us but was very nice. The purpose of our stay was to go watch the darts which we did and when we checked in the helpful man at the front desk (never got his name) kindly asked if we would like him to sort us taxis there and back and he did so which was a massive help!! The room was clean and a great 2 nights stay, would stay here again👍🏼",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or55-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Stay for my 89 year old Father.,"I chose the SoArch Hotel for my 89 year old Father to sleep for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. I live just across the road and have stairs in my house, meaning my dad could not manage to go up to bed as he struggles with walking. I went in 2 days earlier to view the ground floor room my dad would be in and was greeted by Albina the very helpful receptionist. On my dad's 2 nights he said he slept very well and enjoyed having the spacious walk in shower. On both evenings the receptionist on duty were very warm and welcoming, and on the morning he checked out once again the young lady on reception was very helpful in looking after my dad by assisting him to get to the entrance foyer while he waited for me. I think it was a lovely mid priced hotel with lovely friendly attentive…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or60-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs Ginger,"We was there one week, the price and description it's far from reality, they never has visit a luxury place and never had seen a service apartment before. The staff are friendly, the cleaning service and kitchenette its poor. Our last night was fire incident in the other part of the building and they manage so bad, we was more than 12 hours without light and hot water, they only say sorry, anybody did any discount and any special care or give us an a voucher with free night there, if have another time. We don't think so. The condition air was broke, the carpet had many stains, a lot of stains in the sofa, and other minim details there.... good luck!",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or60-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Very average and pricey apartments,"We arrived yesterday afternoon and agree not really very good and quite pricey at over two hundred pounds for four people for one night. Room was on two levels so no discrete bedrooms. Shower and toilet were good but not enough towels ( we had to ask for more) , one tiny shampoo, and the second bed was an odd sofa bed. We rearranged the room to make it work. Worst thing is the carpets, stained and not clean.   Overall could do a lot better. Needs some more care and attention from management.",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or60-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible customer service, and a staff that does not care at all about the guests.","They completely mis-represented what the hotel room is actually like. They force you to get the price which is non-refundable and the best rate.  This way, you cannot get your money back one you see what the room actually looks like.This is winter in London, and the heat was not working.  We called the staff, they said ""press the green button.....""  That didn't work.  We called the guy, and he couldn't fix it. We asked when it could be repaired, and he said that no one is there on-site to repair the units.  My  cousin's room had the same problem.  Another random person in the hall had the same issue.  How can one run a hotel and not have a Heating/AC Tech there on-site in the Winter!  The unit was not fixed for the duration of our stay.  They gave us a space heater to correct…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or60-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Basic!!,"Clean but very basic. Kettle but no cups, no hairdryer. No coat hangers , no TV no bedside cabinets. go prepared.  Staff very friendly. Just a few additions such as bedside rugs. The floor was laminate. A couple of pictures on the bare walls, a bedside lamp, non of which would cost the hotel much money woild make it much nicer.  Nothing much else to say.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or60-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Don't listen to the negative reviews ,"We tried to cancel our booking prior to our arrival as the reviews on Trip Advisor were so terrible. We were unable to cancel as we had booked a non-refundable rate. We were so happy that we didn't cancel So Arch is great. The rooms have floor to ceiling arched windows with beautiful window dressings. The room was spotlessly clean lovely modern bathroom, spotless mattress, really quiet and peaceful. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. Here are some photos of the lovely room. Special thanks to the reception manager for helping make our stay perfect.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or65-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL - Please do not stay here!,"I never come on and write reviews but myself and my partner were so disgusted with what we saw that we couldn’t not.   This was part of my 30th birthday present and it ended up costing £242 for a night which is extortionate for somewhere that isn’t even in Central London. For that price, you would expect a room that is large, beautiful and immaculate. What we were subjected to was very much the opposite. We booked a ‘duplex one bed apartment’. The room we were put in was nothing like the pictures in the booking.  When we spoke to the receptionist and complained she didn’t seem to have a clue and wasn’t particularly helpful either. She did give us an ‘upgrade though’ to an equally gross room that smelt and was dirty but slightly larger in size.  We decided to walk out of the…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or65-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",A very simple convenient stay at reasonable prices,"This was a good stay, comfortable bed, and great to have parking on site. This hotel is convenient for central London, although we were visiting family locally. It compared very favourably in price with hotel chains nearby.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or65-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Not terrible but some issues.,"We booked this place online for our short break in London. It was a short walk from the underground and easy to find.  Our room was on the ground floor. This meant we were obligated to use the air con, we wouldn't have wanted to leave the window open overnight. It was a bit cramped and clearly not one of the rooms featured in the online pictures. Carpet was not very clean.  We had paid for a double room, meaning we wanted a double bed. Not two single mattresses pushed together as we got. So there was a dip in the middle. This would only be ok if you were sharing the bed with someone you didn't want to be close to. And if this was the case then you would surely book a twin room. The pillows were also way too thick, so much so that I used a folded up towel and she slept without.…",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or65-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs,"Room clean and warm , linen and towels brilliantly  white the hotel was really close to where I needed to visit, added bonus I Was able to leave our car the next day untill I we departed for home the staff deserve a mention as we received an excellent  welcome also as no restaurant there was enough facilities to accommodate any meal thanks to all concerned we will return",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or65-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Cool micro apartment hidden gem,"We stayed for two nights and no complaints. Everything was where it was supposed to be and working. Very nice layout - liked tv area away from bed area.  Slept soundly and never heard anything from any other rooms. Location was great close to rail and tube station, a mini tesco and just off holloway rd. concierges were polite and helpful.  small park close by for early morning stroll.  Clean, comfortable and very functional space",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or70-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",A mixed bag.,"This hotel should expect the mixed bag of reviews it has received. On the positive side, the rooms are relatively spacious, the bed was fine and there were plenty of cupboards; the bathroom was good and there was plenty of hot water; the kitchenette was fine with microwave, kettle and crockery, cutlery; there was both an ironing board and hairdryer in our room. The free parking is very welcome for longer stays and the tube station is 5 minutes walk. away.  On the negative side the carpets are in a poor state and let the rooms down. There is a general air of poor maintenance, the  air conditioners may/may not work; the electronic door keys stopped working and couldn't be fixed as it was the weekend; one kettle didn't work; blinds have not be fitted correctly.  Overall our stay…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or70-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Why isn't there an option for ZERO stars?,"If I could give this place zero stars, I would. The carpets were all filthy, the curtain on the one window in the room was broken so there was no natural light (one of the staff members tried to fix it & then just shrugged his shoulders & gave up after two whole minutes of trying), the WiFi didn't work, the beds were uncomfortable. They only give you one key per room, which is inconvenient when you have more than one guest staying in the room.   Most importantly, it is a complete & utter rip off for the money you're spending to stay in this dump, totally NOT worth the ridiculously price tag. Shame that the So Arch chain of hotels bought this lovely old 19th century school house and renovated it to look like a crappy cheap prison wing on the inside. I never write bad reviews…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or70-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden Gem,Having read other people's experiences post my stay I have to say I would never have booked or even cancelled my booking! Thank god i didn't because I certainly would have missed out! I can only speak of our stay which was in 109 and of the staff the treatment! Great location 5 min stroll to the tube station with a Tesco and Sainsbury's on the doorstep! Just off a high street yet private very SECURE FREE PARKING in a private high walled court yard which we were allowed to take advantage off after checkout on our last day! Shaz the night manager top notch and all staff including the cleaners in the morning friendly and polite! The accommodation itself modern clean well appointed and well laid out not a cheap finish at all cosy and a home from home ideal for a mini break to London…,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or70-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Worst hotel ever, don't touch it at any cost!!","This hotel on the surface is nice, but my 4 girls age 17-20 stayed there 4 nights and reported leaking air con. The hotel said they'd fix it but didn't. Returning on the 4th evening it had leaked all over the bedding and was uninhabitable. By then they were all feeling ill. The hotel lied to the agent and to me saying it had been fixed and all bedding replaced. That staff member went off duty straight after, but the night receptionist admitted it wasn't true and confirmed the room was uninhabitable. They were unable to provide an alternative, and unwilling to place in another hotel. This left 4 girls at risk, on the street at nearly 1am and they ended up deciding to do a 2 hour drive home, returning 3am. The only reduction they have offered is 50% of the last night, which they…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or70-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",just awful ,"Even if this place was £30 per night it would be awful. It's like a youth hostel but at £170 per night! Stained carpets, random hairs in the bed, this is not a 4 star hotel!!  I could kill my husband for booking this! Please don't stay here!! ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or75-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",More 'maintenance issues' led to no rooms available,"We arrived for our one night stay to be told the hotel had sent an e-mail the day before to say there were no rooms available.  It turns out the e-mail was sent to the wrong address.  If the hotel really cared about customer service they would have called as they had a number, especially when they had no response to the e-mail (which of course they would not have got as it was sent to the wrong address).  The reason given was 'maintenance issues', which looking back at previous TripAdvisor reviews they seem to have a lot of, making me very sceptical about if this is the real reason, although if they really have this many maintenance issues it suggests it is not the 4* hotel it is advertised as.  The receptionist was not apologetic or at all helpful in assisting us find another…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or75-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",It worked well for us. ,"I have to agree with many of the negative posts. The carpet was bad, stained and grubby looking. The air-con was intermittent at best - the wires were exposed in the upstairs bed room. The doors slam constantly in the hallway.   That said it worked for us. When I travel for work I look for budget accommodation and this is how it was. Very good location, a lovely building, clean bed AND cooking facilities.   So, with that in mind, book, but only if you get a cheap price. ",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or75-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","A very poor option, not recommended","My family booked for four nights here, through lastminute.com. Everything about the place was bad - poor electrics, broken a/c, stained carpets and bedding. After three room moves, we left the next day and went to the Holiday Inn at Campden Lock which was great.  Really disappointed with the misrepresentation of the hotel in their own adverts, and on lastminute.com. When we complained they did nothing. Lastminute.com claim its nothing to do with them as they just advertise the hotel and facilitate the booking, the hotel itself has no complaint procedure and do not even register who are the owners etc.  So there is nobody to whom you could address any concerns, and the receptionists are powerless. We are taking this one through Trading Standards and Small claims to recover our…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or75-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Slightly disappointing ,"I booked this hotel for me and my partner in April for us to go to a gig.  Upon arrival I was slightly disappointed as it seemed quite empty at the reception area. But the staff were friendly.  The pictures of the rooms gave me high hopes and they were nice, just not what I had expected. A bit smaller than what it seems in the pictures but the bed was comfortable and that's one of the main points for me. The TV wasn't in line to the bed however so was awkward to watch any programme.  The bathroom was modern and at first glance looked very clean. However I did notice a few things that had been missed from the previous stay.  Overall it is a nice hotel and I probably would stay again. However it being so far from the centre (60 min walk) I might look to go a bit closer. On the…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or75-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely apartments ,"Me and my friend were here placed in a wheelchair accessible duplex which was absolutely stunning. Massive windows, lots of lovely lighting, all with classy neutral decor. Wetroon bathroom was great, as was wifi and aircon. I would definitely recommend if you are visiting attractions in the local area. ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or80-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",The only luxury was the price!!... NOT good value for money.,"I don't usually leave reviews unless I feel particularly happy with the service or very disappointed. Unfortunately SO Arch falls into the second category.   I'm afraid the only good thing about it was the location. The place advertises itself as ""luxury at affordable prices"" It is neither. We went to London for a wedding and we discovered that other guests had stayed at the local Premier Inn for less than half the price. The facilities and deco of the Premier Inn are far superior than what we found at SO Arch where the equipment  (towels, furniture, carpet cutlery, table lamps etc) could not have been cheaper!!.... the key to the room didn't work so the attendant had to come and open the door every time, the carpet, cheap and nasty and very dirty, the towels could have come…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or80-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",No attention to detail...,"I visited London with my partner, sister, brother-in-law and nephew for one night.   SO Arch is an old school building and was very appealing from the exterior.  A bonus of our trip was the free parking which was hassle free and easily confirmed with reception.   The Apartment - which was a duplex, was a comfortable size for the five of us. It featured an upstairs double bedroom, lounge with sofa bed, bathroom and a hallway which included a sink and tea making facilities.   The lounge area included a flat screen TV, a cupboard with a clothes rail, a desk and a sofa bed - there were no pictures on the wall which made the room quite stark with the white-ish walls.  The main issues with this room was the stained floor tiling (no carpet) and the old, dated, shabby (and not in a chic…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or80-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel,"Stayed for two nights Large rooms, well equipped, like a studio flat, convenient location close to tube stations, polite staff, parking free a major plus in London, suitable check in times, quiet , different stores nearby.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or80-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",I'm sorry you can't have a key,"Rocked up to check in here and had a bit of a wait while a more complex booking was checked in - not a problem! Unfortunately when I checked in there wasn't a key available for the room?? I was faced with the prospect of the reception staff having to let me in and out all night - not ideal. The receptionist was very apologetic but surely a hotel basic - keys to the rooms?  Thankfully when I got back later a key had been located and I was able to come and go as I pleased. Room was very clean and facilities were good, bed etc. Only other issue was the shower didn't get hot and only supplied barely warm water which was an unwelcome morning reality.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or80-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Nice rooms in a good location,"Stayed here for 2 nights in February 2017 whilst visiting London with family. SO Arch is located in a nice quiet area with great transport links to central London. The tube station and bus stops are only a short walk away. We stayed in a room for 4 people which was clean, modern and spacious. It also had a really nice bathroom and small kitchen area equipped with microwave, kettle and fridge. SO Arch also has free parking and free Wi-Fi. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and friendly. Overall this hotel is excellent value for money and we would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or85-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Could be OK if it tried but it doesn't ,We stayed here in Jan as I had booked this before Xmas for an overnight stay but we had had to cancel. The only positive I have about this place is the Manager who dealt with my query on this. We arrived to check in and were met by a surly guy on reception - you have to provide photo ID for some reason. We went up to our room which was passable apart from the fact it was freezing cold with the only heating option being he bathroom floor - the air con made a horrendous noise. There was no iron or ironing board or hairdryer here in spite of the web and booking.com stating differently and when we queried this (having waited 3 times for one to be brought to our room as promised) the receptionist snapped and told me to complain.  Never have I been so close to just going straight…,Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or85-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Inability to Honour Booking Made,"On arrival we were informed that our booking could not be honoured and we could not be accommodated allegedly due to maintenance issues. We were offered accommodation in sister hotel allegedly of equal quality - i.e. 4 star luxury apartment. After numerous issues regarding available rooms we finally accepted an apartment in SO Quartier, Maida Vale - 3 star accommodation and a further 10 miles from our planned location consequently adding further inconvenience and travel costs. Having anticipated some acknowledgement of the issues and offer of compensation - none was forthcoming nor have they responded to our email of complaint. Thus we have paid 4 star prices for sub 3 star accommodation. Customer service clearly is not a priority for this chain's management team. We are now…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or85-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",SO ARCH ..SO SO GOOD,"I passed this old church from the main road many times then found out it was a Hotel. Bit pricey but when I found online a discounted price ..I had to. Loved it, Cosy and very spacious. Another good point was the free parking a must for driving travellers. Friendly staff. Would I return? Definitely:)",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or85-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",So No - So Awful,"The room was booked on the 7 October to stay one night on the 31 December.  On arrival I was told that three rooms where under maintenance and they had relocated me two minutes up the road to their quiet sister hotel. The sister hotel was actually 25 minutes drive away!  The hotel is called SO Quartier Luxury Apartments. In fact it is above a Tesco store! The room I was given wasn't fit for purpose, not only dirty, it smelt and I was unable to use the bed.   People further down where playing music so loud I couldn't hear myself think.   I was so far away from where I needed to be it cost a small fortune to get where I need to.  The whole thing was a disgrace.   The company completely ruined what could of been an amazing new year and have failed to reply to emails.  No contact…",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or85-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Superb location and very pleasant ,"Easy to drive to from the north,  free parking, 3 minutes walk to Archway tube station,  20 mins to Leicester Square. Sainsburys and Tesco both 2 minutes away. Clean,  friendly and helpful staff. No privacy as is a mezzanine bedroom with no ensuite,  no ice compartment in fridge and only microwave,  kettle and toaster but it's sufficient for breakfast. No bottle opener or coffee maker. Ideal base for tourist visit to London. Off to Harry Potter now and just driving because so easy to get to. Highly recommend for a family on a budget. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or90-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",concert,"the hotel is 10 minutes from archway trainstation,the staff were friendly and the rooms were very clean with microwave and free wifi snacks could be ordered but no main meals ,checkouts at 11 so no rushing overall a very pleasant stay",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or90-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Nice rooms and quiet area,"Archway is a really quiet and nice neighborhood, just a few stops from the heart of London. Rooms are so nice, clean and big, we really liked them. There are many breakfast cafés close by so it was really easy to live there. Nice staff and a cute house!  We visited SO arch in May 2014",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or90-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Bieber fever,"A few friends and myself booked this accommodation for a night as we were seeing Bieber at the o2.  We drove there and luckily for us it had free parking and plenty of spaces, really a good attribute for a place to have especially when we were travelling from Southampton. I booked this accommodation through late rooms and got a very good price as we selected the duplex room. When we arrived we were given our keys and directed to our room. Which was outside of the reception and into the garden area. It looked like a garden shed to begin with, so without judging a book by its cover we went inside and it wasn't furnished as well as the room was described online. I swiftly realised that this wasn't the duplex room that was ordered. So we went to the reception and notified them who…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or90-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Surprisingly pleasant,"Reading other negative reviews of a business can sometimes give a false impression of what to expect, which is exactly what we experienced. It turned out to be a quiet comfortable and convenient place to stay, with spacious accommodation to spread out in. The split level rooms have a modern minimalistic feel, with functional facilities to provide basic self catering facilities. The small kitchenette appears new, with immaculate small appliances. The bathroom did not have a bath, but again was immaculately clean with modern units. Efficient heating during a particularly cold weekend was a very welcome plus point. I suppose the only negative observation was seeing a few stains on the carpet, probably made more obvious by the light colour, and a few bashes to some of the chipboard…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or90-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Last minute booking,"This was so last minute we didn't check the reviews. Probably a good thing or we may not have stayed. We had room 108. Superior studio. The room was clean but the carpets are very stained and threadbare looking. The rooms look very stark but are actually very nice. Lots of electric points, with 2 next to each side of the bed and 2 near the mirror, something so many hotels miss.  The bathroom had underfloor heating and a great shower. The bed was only a double but very comfy.  I think the main thing it's missing is pictures or some other forms of wall decoration. Bad points - no blind on skylight window in bedroom. TV is downstairs and can't be watched in bed. Car park is tiny for so many rooms. As previous reviews have said, it wouldn't take much to change this place from…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or95-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, close to public transportation, some restaurants and shops. Friendly staff.","The location of the hotel is very good. Close to public transportation, which makes it easier for moving around this big city. There are also restaurants and shops at a close proximity to the hotel. The rooms are well equipped with a comfortable bed. The staff is very friendly and always willing to help.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or95-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Cold and lies ,"We booked a one night stay back in April as we was going to a concert locally. Upon arrival the person behind the counter was rude and short, we was given our room (we had booked a luxury studio which comes with a extra large double bed) upon entering our room we soon realised this wasn't the room we had booked. My partner went back to the front counter to only be fobbed off and tell her that the rest of the hotel was fully booked and then couldn't offer us the room we had booked back in April.  I went down to confront the person on reception and asked to speak with a member of the management team (Which apparently don't work weekends) the guy behind the counter soon moved us to another room with a extra large double bed after we had clearly proved him wrong in what we had…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or95-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Location perfect.,"We stayed in the executive suite...it was perfectly ok, nothing posh. Bathroom immaculate, bed comfy. The room was a little tatty but nothing to complain about. Location ideal for public transport into London. Loads of great restaurants nearby too. The free car parking a real bonus. We will stay again, well worth the money - no frills but a whole lot nicer than awful Travelodge type places.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or95-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, quiet apartments on outskirt of London","We stayed for 1 night and were really impressed with So Arch. Arrived early and our room wasn't ready but we were happy to wait so sat in Reception. After 10 minutes we were offered a room upgrade which was a large studio with a downstairs lounge and king size bed upstairs - perfect for a London base. There were plug sockets and internet cable connections everywhere so would be great for business users too.  Easy to find from Archway station, less than 5 minute walk and super easy to get into Central London.  Crockery, cutlery, washing up liquid and scourer were provided and there are plenty of shops nearby for food/drink.  We would stay again, and we're fussy!",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or95-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly relieved..!,"Spent two nights here this week on a last minute break.  More than slightly concerned after reading the reviews, especially as we arrived later than planned... My partner had already stated his refusal to go to the 'sister' hotel if there were any 'overbooking' issues.  However, we received a warm welcome and were ushered to our maisonette-style room on two levels, which actually had its own entrance.  Lovely, adequately equipped kitchen area, gorgeous full ornate church-style window downstairs... with operational blinds and curtains.  Bright modern, clean bathroom, smelled a little musty on arrival, but nothing serious.  Maybe it was the blocked sink we discovered on the first morning... partner fixed this in a trice by removing and emptying the sink trap, but you would have…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or100-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Clean and convenient,"North London so easy to get to when driving in, big plus is free parking though you need to get the tube to get to central London. Room was clean and comfortable with a ""kitchenette"", microwave, fridge etc, really useful. Downside was that 2 of the 4 nights there was noise from the corridor above until about 2 in the morning..",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or100-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Another ""maintenance issue""","We booked a one night stay at the so arch! As we were attending a concert that night in kentish town as this was ideal walking distance to the venue. We were excited to stay in a luxury apartment.  Judging by the photos. We booked last minute as it was spur of the moment. When we arrived after a 3hour journey. About 6pm we were told to give our name. Name given we had to wait to be seen while the person behind us in the queue was served. They checked in an went to there room. Ours however the room had ""maintenance issues"" and the rest of the hotel was fully booked. (seems to be a common problem)  We were relocated to a sister hotel 3miles away from where we need to be. Upon arrival it didn't seem to be a sister hotel as it looked like a hostel. In the middle of a main road down…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or100-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Visiting Son in London,"I came to London to visit my son after not seeing him for 1 year and stayed at So Arch at Pemberton Gardens. The staff were amazing, helpful and friendly. They upgraded my apartment for my 9 nights stay due to a minor maintenance issue on the first night,so I was very pleased with this. The apartment was very clean and beds very comfortable and we could cook breakfast in kitchenette . My son is living in London and has already recommended to his friends that their families stay at SO Arch Pemberton Gardens when they visit .",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or100-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Shocking, worst customer relations ever!","Shocking! We live in London and as we are moving house we needed a hotel for 2 nights. When we saw the state of the room we decided not to stay there. The floors are heavily stained, very dirty. We called customer relations to get a refund and spoke to the manager Silvia. She said she would move us to another room or refund us. We went back to the hotel but there were no other rooms available so we waited to talk with Silvia who was now 'busy'. We never got through to her that day despite repeated attempts and she continued to avoid us in the week that followed, before finally replying with a series of blatant untruths that contradict our actual experience. We are still waiting for the refund that we were promised, we never stayed in this hotel but paid for it. The management…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or100-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Awful Customer Care & Poor Dirty Apartment (We had booked 3 weeks before on booking.com, but sent to another hotel?)","I had booked an apartment for September 10th 2016 at ""SO Arch Aparthotel"", for myself, my Daughter (8), my Mother (67), & my Sister (36) I had pre booked this apartment for 4 people, approximately 20 days in advance via Booking.com, for my 43rd Birthday Celebrations. However when we arrived at approximately 6.30pm on Saturday 10th September 2016, after a nice day out In London seeing the attractions, we were told by  the Hotel Receptionist (Kirill) that we could not stay at the hotel (SO Arch Aparthotel) as the apartment we had booked had a faulty door lock?? or had been broken?? im not 100% sure what the receptionist was saying, as he was looking at the floor when he was speaking to us.  As we were all tired from an eventful day, I then asked if other rooms were available?, or…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or105-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",An OK stay ,"We stayed at the So Arch for a wedding this weekend, we weren't blown away but for a cheapish stay with onsite parking it was ok. I will start with the positives... Free onsite Parking, close to the Archway underground stop, very comfy beds, clean(ish). The negatives: we had no remote for the tv, the catch for the window was broken so we had to wedge it shut with a knife, the room had been cleaned but we still had dirty washing up in the sink and found items under the bed that were not ours. When we arrived the car park was full so we had to squeeze in a space by a wall, when questioning this with the reception (as we were told there was enough parking for all residents) we were told that there was a wedding at the church next door and when it was finished the cars would be…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or105-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Visiting family,So much better than B&B over pub. There was a small issue about parking. When we arrived we had to park in the street but there were spaces when we came back from an evening meal. We will stay here again next time we visit our son. With good access to transport could be a good base for any London visit.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or105-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",4 miles outside London - easy access to tube!,"Right, there are positives and negatives to this place :   Positives: free, secure onsite parking, free wifi, tescos and sainsburys a couple of mins walk away, lots of really good eateries close by.   SO Arch is a 5 min walk to Archway tube station (archway to Charing Cross - central London - approx 15 mins).   This is a brilliant little hub if all you want is somewhere to sleep! There was a small kitchenette with a toaster, microwave and fridge. We booked an apartment - so had an upstairs room as well for the kids - big double bed, large wardrobe and dressing table.    The apartment was very modern and clean looking, no nasty horrible grimy corners in the bathroom!!! Or any nasty fungal shower curtains! Lol! The massive glass, walk-in shower was lovely but, the housekeeping…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or105-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden gem,"We were here for a wedding at the weekend and were very impressed with both the room and the very helpful staff, who managed a situation that could have been potentially problematic caused by the booking agent and not the hotel's staff. But all was sorted out with minimum fuss and maximum charm, so wouldn't hesitate to stay again, although will book directly with the hotel next time. Love the free parking and the fridge and microwave in our room.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or105-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Devastated,"I felt my stay could have been so much better if the accessible room had been vacant on arrival instead of being booked out and when we did finally stay in there the threshold into the bathroom caused my mothers wheelchair to tip completely backwards with her landing on her back! It  was not flush with the floor.very upsetting for us both..but reception were not interested in the slightest..also the wet room remained flooded for quite sometime following a shower Such a shame as the cost of 250 for 3 nights stay turned out to be an awful experience ,in a place that has so much potential and in a great location for travel.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or110-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",brilliant,"Very nice , good quality , very helpful staff , good value..... , free internet. Large rooms good for staying with family , near the metro station and shops. We will definitely return , maybe a group , will be nice . Free parking which is a real bonus.  Also small kitchen area with fridge, kettle, toaster, microwave and dishes , cutlery.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or110-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant overnight stay,"Free parking which is a real bonus. Fresh clean rooms and good value for London. Well placed for Archway on the northern line. Could maybe do with a lick of paint (and a new sink plug!) but generally a good place to stay, especially for a family with older children or a group. Aircon,Microwave, kettle, toaster came in handy - tesco and sainsburys just up the road. Seemed like a fairly safe area and very quiet location.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or110-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"Walked from Archway tube station, which took 5 minutes, it right at the end of Pemberton Gardens, a lovely looking building - its an old church school. Reception staff could not have been more helpful, directed us to nearby restaurants, which are just around the corner, also a Tesco across the road. Very pleased with our duplex room, i had my teenage son with me, so two double beds were great. Small kitchen area with fridge, kettle, toaster, microwave and dishes/cutlery. Also hairdryer in the room, plus tv. The rooms are clean with crisp white bedding and fresh white towels. Some of the furniture was slightly dated but this did not spoil our stay. I had forgotten to print some attraction vouchers, the receptionist asked me to email to hotel address and she printed them for me,…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or110-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Couples stay - May 2016,"My boyfriend and I stayed here during May for 2 nights. The main reason we booked this hotel over any others was due to the reasonably low price for Camden, and the huge window which allowed plenty of natural light in. We paid £190 for 2 nights. However, when we were taken to our room we were told that the blind covering the window was broken. I spoke with the lady at reception about this and we were moved to another room which was vacant and the blind worked. Why didn't they just give us the room with the working blind in the first place if the room was empty? Hmm strange.  Room was very clean, however we booked a double bedded room, but instead had two singles pushed together with a double sheet over the top. The mattress was quite comfortable, but we just expected a bit more.…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or110-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",A Great Find,"We stayed in the Garden Suite and loved it. The separate access afforded us unparalleled privacy - it was like being in our own home. While the airconditioned rooms are clean and very comfortable, we recommend an entrance mat to prevent the carpet from getting stained and airing of the cupboard under the kitchen sink for the benefit of future guests - minor concerns in the scheme of things.  Laima, at the front desk, never tired of providing us with assistance on sightseeing. Groceries (Tesco and Sainsbury) were literally 2 minutes away so our refrigerator was always well stocked.  Archway tube stop (Northern Line) 10 minutes away for easy and quick access to London. All in all a great find. We will definitely return.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or115-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Loved it,"We stayed 5 days , it was clean , neat and had all we needed for eating . Staff was kind and very helpful . Beds were comfortable . I had no issues close to shops , tesco , and the tube . Loved the redone older building . Our room was wheelchair access able , and I recommended it to my family who needs that . ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or115-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Loved it!,"The hotel was amazing. Such nice modern and clean rooms for me and my friends to stay in. Also it's only a 3 minute walk from archway tube station. The receptionists were all very helpful and polite and the reception desk is 24 hour so you can check in at any time. Fresh towels were put into our rooms every day, bins were changed and beds were made for us. There are accessible rooms for disabled people with a big shower room which is what we had. The windows are nice and big and let in a lot of light and the room was lovely to be in. Very nice experience all around.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or115-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant Surprise,"After reading a few negative reviews, we were pleasantly surprised by the So arch hotel. The location is so good, just 10 min away from the tube station. The interiors will surely impress you, it has a wow factor! Toaster, kettle, microwave and free wifi. Love this place, will definitely come back again. Room 106",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or115-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",City vacation with sisters,"Lovely hotel, love the room and the surroundings! Calm and quiet at night. Short walk to the tube that takes you anywhere. Would most definitely stay here again. Good price. Lovely beds, but bring your own pillow, the hotels pillows are hard as rock and are not comfortable at all. Friendly staff, free wifi. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or115-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Car Broken into in the car park,"Hotel was basic but nice enough.  My car was broken into in their car park.  Two days later and I am still waiting for someone from the hotel to contact me about their CCTV.  Not their fault my car was broken into,  but their lack of help is not great.  The hotel was cheap enough although some things furniture wise require updating due to wear and tear.  Location wise it is okay but for 30 quid more I would say stay in a better hotel,  closer to central London with a secure car park.  Avoid would be my view!",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or120-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",A little gem,"Free parking, toaster and kettle, Tube up the road - can it get any better ?!?!  I will definitely be back especially when the refurbishments to Archway are finished. We were upgraded to double suite so I even managed to get a good nights sleep without the snoring or sleeping tablet !!!!",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or120-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",surprisingly good,"Booked at short notice. Got a good price including parking. Lovely old building converted into modern clean rooms with air con, wifi, fridge and microwave. Iron and board and large flat screen TV. Great location 10 minutes walk from Archway and bus to King's Cross takes 15 minutes from across the road. Great budget business hotel",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or120-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Value for Money,"Loved our stay, the staff could not have been more helpful, or friendly. It was our first visit to London and this place was priced not much more than a shared dorm, so we wasnt expecting much. We got free parking - a huge bonus and the hotel is just a 3 min walk from the tube. The room was large, airy, spotlessly clean and awash with light.  We will be coming back to London and this is where we will stay from now on.  Loved it.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or120-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"We arrived in time but could check in the room only after 7 pm. We were very disappointed, couldn't relax until then and didn't receive any compensation from the management. The location is good, underground is near to the hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or120-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,If you're looking to stay in north London then this is a great place to stay. Close to Highgate and Camden...and with Primrose Hill not too far its a really convenient place to stay. Central London is a 15 min tube ride. Our apartment was very spacious and good value. We took the car (Archway is easy to get to if you are driving down the M1) and there was plenty of parking. ,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or125-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed for London Marathon ,Very pleasant place to stay with added bonus of free parking and great access to London Underground service.  Ideal for couples as we stayed in the apartment for 4. Basic kitchen facilities but wasn't a problem as we found some nice places to eat dinner & breakfast locally. Clean and tidy and serviced each day. Friendly and helpful Reception staff.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or125-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Hugely overpriced ,"This was booked as a present for me and my partner. When we arrived there was plenty of parking and found reception quickly. We were not so quick getting to our room though as the concierge spent 15 mins chatting on the phone to a friend or colleague. This was not a major issue but when there was some confusion over payment (it was a gift so assumed things were covered) the atmosphere went hostile. We were directed to the room by lacklustre pointing and not told anything else.   The room was small and was not the ""executive studio"" we though we had booked for us. The cupboards and furniture were chipped, dirty and what you would find in a hostel. The air con was super noisy and there was no natural light in the room because a window bind had been stapled to the wall.   Good…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or125-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Not great, main attraction is price","Firstly, I was concerned regarding the church bells (having read other reviews) however, didn't hear them at all in the room. The hotel was in a convenient area and the free parking was great. However, the staff were unhelpful and we not very welcoming. The staff seemed inconvenienced each time they had to buzz us into the hotel, despite the fact they were only watching TV.   The Room was very large but very basic and everything seemed damaged. There was many strains on the carpet, walls and even furniture such as the bedside tables and the desk. The beds we're very clearly very cheap and old; however, they were comfortable. We found a few hairs throughout the room, including in the bed, on the dressing table and stuck to the bathroom door? The facilities in the hotel were…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or125-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Ideal place to stay for group of friends attending a gig at Tufnell Park,"I was sceptical having read mixed reviews but booked SO Arch anyway for its location - being only an 8 minute walk to The Dome / Boston Music Rooms, plus the ease of having 2 double beds.   We would have liked to have been able to check in slightly earlier (our room was to be ready at 4pm) but the staff did all they could to help and checked us into a different room half an hour earlier.   The room was great, a duplex with 2 big comfy double beds, sparkling clean bathroom, mini kitchen area with a fridge, TV, everything worked and we were comfortable and very happy.   Due to us going to a gig the night before and getting back very late, we didn't get up in time for check out but the staff didn't penalise us and were warm and professional for check out despite us being late.  …",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or125-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely great place to stay,"Stayed in the luxury ensuite (room 204) it was luxurious to say the least, extremely pleased with everything. We stayed for one night the staff were absolutely lovely, the place was clean, everything was modern all in all a great place to stay! Also the location was very convenient, got around london easily.   I will be staying here again next time I visit london, would definitely recommend this place.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or130-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant clean modern,"After reading a few reviews on here was a bit apprehensive but booked anyway we stopped in room 201 on the top floor really modern room microwave fridge etc all included nice big modern bathroom and tv on the wall, we went to a gig at the 02 forum and it was only 20 mins walk so really convenient :)  Really can't complain about anything sometimes I think it just depends on the room but if anyone asked me id be recommending this place and will be returning myself :)   Well done soarch  ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or130-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Not a Luxury hotel (as advertised),"Honestly it's like the dirtiest, most stained and badly run hotel I've stayed in! And I've stayed in a few holes in my time.  I booked a queen sized luxury apartment room at the So Arch.  The afternoon prior to our stay, I had an email saying that due to them suffering a ""Major Maintenance issue"" we would have to go and stay at another of their hotels (the So Quartier)  I rang the number on the email - 'number not in use'  So I rang the So Arch directly to tell them that I couldn't stay outside of the area due to commitments and travel, they got back to me and confirmed that they would have room after all. When we arrived we were given a crappy double (not even sure it was a double it was so tiny) room with stains on the carpet and surfaces. The shower didn't work or drain…",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or130-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic place to stay,"I stayed here on a Wednesday and Thursday night whilst working in Central London. The tube only takes about 15 minutes to Archway, and So Arch is only 5 minutes walk from the tube station.  When I got the So Arch, the receptionist was very friendly and chatty. My room was 105, right next to reception. The room was lovely, a big double bedroom with TV on the ground floor, and an even bigger bed room upstairs (my friend stayed the Thursday night, she said the bed up there was comfortable.). The bathroom was very clean and well equipped, and the room had a kettle/iron/microwave/cutlery so i had everything I needed for a couple of days away from home.  There was very little external noise, and a nice Italian and pub just round the corner, as well as tesco express.  I would recommend…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or130-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet and leafy location ,"Just spent a great mid week break at so arch. What a great budget apartment! The place is tidy and modern set off a quiet side road. The shower was good and beds comfy. Admittedly the carpet could do with a clean but all the essentials were there.  The tube really is only a 2 minute walk.  The northern line takes you into central London in around 20 minutes. There are a couple of greengrocers nearby, a tesco and sainsburys express close enough to carry snacks back.  Parking was a big bonus, being able to drive to the door made life much easier. Altogether a straightforward and stress free place to stay.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or130-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID,"We stayed in the 'garden suite' (aka the Garden shed) and it was a horrendous experience, stains on the carpet hairs in the shower and on the bed, the heating wasn't working and it was freezing the furniture is cheap and tacky!  Not worth the £100 price tag.  Also the room wasn't ready when we checked in (because the previous guest had a late check out) and we had to wait in a nearby pub for an hour when we were finally allowed to check in we were told by the receptionist that we couldn't have a late check out (to make up for the lost hr)  unless we paid £20 for it  ....... Shocking customer service and money grabbing.  Avoid at all cost!!!",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or135-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Visited for darts at the Alexandra palace,"Great hotel, the workers were extremely helpful and the receptionist was always pleasant. Are room was spotless and huge, with oven.iron I.e included, will definitely be coming back here if we visit the area again. Nice people good hotel cosy room. Hotel room was comfy and clean and the staff were always happy to help a really good hotel...decent people I'd recommend to anyone.Faultless! 👌",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or135-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs,"I booked into room 113 for 4 nights whilst visiting friends over xmas period,the room was dirty, the carpets filthy, toilet seat slipped off the basin, terrible sound insulation could hear people above as though in the same room. Electric cables visible, air con unit noisy. I checked out next day and have still not been reimbursed for the three days I did not stay, staff barely spoke English. Avoid at all costs",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or135-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Good for short stay,"So Arch is a lovely old school building next to a church and just a few steps away from Holloway Road with all its shops, cafés and transport links. Archway tube is a five minute walk and there are regular buses so access into town is very good.  There is a free car park which is a bonus.  Hampstead Heath and Highgate are close too.  We walked to both.  We had a spacious room in the loft up several short flights of narrow stairs.  There was a double bed plus a single and a nice bathroom with underfloor heating.  Huge windows from ceiling to floor let in lots of light and there was a view over the church.  We had a large fridge and a small kitchenette area with sink, cutlery, crockery, toaster and microwave.  The single bed was uncomfortable but the double was ok.  The other…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or135-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel ,"I booked this hotel and then tried to contact the hotel to discuss a few things with them. I went on to thier website for contact details, I emailed both email addresses listed, there was no response, then I called both numbers listed, one is invalid and one just rings and nobody answers. I think you need to review this detail, it didn't give the best impression. Apart from this I think this is a really good hotel, staff were friendly and helpful. Rooms, bathroom and kitchenette where clean and very nice. Parking is great. Overall I am impressed and would stay again. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or135-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Groundfloor ,Pretty quite except for the slamming door even in the middle of night. We had a room groundfloor with view at a quite lane and view at the church. Like a Village in town. Lots of stores next door and lively neighbourhood. ,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or140-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay,"We arrived early on the Saturday morning for our 1 night booking.  Reception confirmed that we were OK to leave the car in the car park and return to check in later in the day, which was great.  The rooms were brilliant, very clean and nicely decorated, and we found the hotel to be very peaceful.  We were able to leave the car again the following day whilst we jumped on the tube which is a few minutes walk away, and went to Camden to explore the Markets. All in all a great weekend, at a sensible price.  No complaints from us !!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or140-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Booked for a friends 25th weekend and was perfect,myself and my friends recently stayed here for a 25th birthday weekend and were very pleased. the rooms an kitchen area were very tidy and the staff members were all very friendly and helpful. very good value for money and easy to access location by public transport and free parking for drivers. rooms were not the biggest but perfect for what we needed.,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or140-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Too much noise to sleep,"Didn’t sleep a wink here.  The hotel is location in Church grounds and the church bells ring every hour, on the hour.   In addition to this you can hear people in other rooms especially when they use the taps and the showers.  ",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or140-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience and service,"Arrived earlier than the check in time, and as arranged by email the room was ready and I checked in with no problem at all. The room was clean and tidy. The three day stay was ideal in every aspect - Location, transport, room. Plenty of car parking I would definitely book again!",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or140-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service,"We booked this hotel after much scrutinising online and chose it for location, star rating, room facilities and tube access. Despite ringing to confirm check in time on arrival we were simply told ""no room"". After a discussion we were told we had to travel to the sister hotel so quartier. I had seen this during my initial search and found it lacked the amenities we needed and was not suitable for where we were meeting people. I refused to get back on the tube and insisted on a taxi at their expense, which she reluctantly agreed. And a return tomorrow morning to keep our tickets valid. After 30 minutes the taxi arrived. He confirmed this happens often.  The building looks lovely and the area was exactly what we expected, and we were gutted to be transferred. See review on so…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or145-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend away without the kids,My other half and I came to So Arch for an overnight in October to see some friends. Our stay at So Arch was brilliant and great value. The room was spacious and clean and the location was perfect to get in and out of town easily. We will definitely come back for another stay.   The only downside was the room was ready for check in but they upgraded us to the Garden Terrace apartment so we were really happy. ,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or145-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Too expensive for the service offered,"Well located as Archway station is just 300mt away but the apartment itself has nothing to catch attention: modern furniture ( in some places also very used and ruined) matching an ancient building that should have been enhanced instead of using modern elements. Big room but quite empty, no place to sit unless you do it in the bed so no way to have a tea unless standing. There's surely something better in the surrounding for less.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or145-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Could be 5 star ,"These apartments are only a few adjustments from 5 star. The building is beautiful, the location great and the rooms are quirky and have different layouts. We stayed in the garden suite and and a mezzanine room.  The shower rooms are 5 star, spotless and well appointed with sparkling taps. The rooms could be stunning but they're soulless and have cheap decor. The duvet covers and sheets are good quality but the quilts are big stodgy hollow fibre numbers. The pillows are thin and not substantial.  The carpet has no pile, like underlay, it's stained. In the garden suite there is no mirror in the bedroom, nowhere to dry hair, put make up on. The other room I stayed in before had this on the mezzanine. My sisters mezzanine room is huge, but the room below is small with only a small…",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or145-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely, shame about the lack of insulation between floors!","This is a beautiful building with good parking and very close to the underground. Clean and pleasant, the staff were very polite too. Our only complaint was the fact that every step taken by the people in the rooms upstairs was magnified in our room below. We were concerned because the ceiling creaked when they walked and when children were running around it was not acceptable. We complained each day of our stay and the company suggested they had not had a similar complaint before. We will probably stay there again, but upstairs next time.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or145-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",No Accommodation Available On Arrival,"Arrived at 5pm to be told there were no rooms and we were being moved to a sister property. This was miles away and not of same standard. Water damage to floors, broken shower, no hot water and very loud noise outside till 3am. Location was highly inconvenient for where we needed to be. Staff were lovely but our trip was spoiled. I asked to be moved back to So Arch next day. Arch is nice but the sister property (So Quartier) was awful.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or150-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",HORRIFIC AND HAUNTED,"Expensive. Stains on the carpets. Dirty walls. Exposed electrical wires. Plug sockets hidden behind bedside cabinets. Toilet flush hidden behind the toilet lid. Hairs on all the bedding. Room bland, no warmth or character. Haunted - man in a bowler hat walking up and down the hall (in the room) all bloody night, terrifying!!  ROOM 113. Never again. ",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or150-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonably priced in a great location for a trip to London,"Not a bad place to stay, Friendly staff, fantastic location and really easy to find from the M1. I stayed in a luxury apartment which was very nice apart from a few minor things.. The carpet was stained, there was no mirror other than the one in the bathroom and the general cleanliness was a bit poor for a 4 star hotel.  But there's free onsite parking and it's 5 mins walk to the Archway tube station which is ideal if you're having a day out in the capital :)",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or150-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Great Place to Stay,"So glad I didn't read some of the reviews, it might have put me off staying somewhere that completely suited our needs.  Let me say first that our usual hotel stays are with Travelodge and the like. So my basis of comparison is not the Savoy.  So what are the positives - Archway station is 5 mins away with easy access to central London - Easily accessible from M1 - FREE parking on site - Double walk in shower - double bed & kingsize bed - fridge & microwave in the room - loads of space - polite and friendly staff  There are some perceived negatives. Some prat of a guest had left some nasty black marks on the carpet. Having said that there was clear evidence of attempts to clean it and the rest of the appartment was spotless.   There is no bar or restaurant. But you know that…",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or150-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Poor show, would be better off in Travelodge!","This hotel is far from 4 *, we stayed for 2 nights and our room wasn't tidy when we got back, there was no attempt to make up the bed, dirty cups and spoons left in sink for us to wash up and use again. The room was very shabby, the mattress was bigger than the base, which made me almost fall off it at night as the edge buckled underneath me.  Shockingly, there was no hot water left at night so we couldn't have a shower. The receptionist was pleasant, shame about the hotel itself. Nice on the outside, pretty bad on the inside. They wouldn't get away with the 4 * in other parts of UK...",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or150-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Not even arrived yet and I won't be going back!,Earlier this week I booked into this accomodation for 2 nights via booking.com Being a conscientious business traveler I opted for the non-refundable rate. Since booking it has been announced that there is a tube strike next Wed and Friday meaning that I need to change my travel plans for next week. I rang the hotel reservations team expecting that their might be some flexibility given that something had happened (i.e. a tube strike) that I couldn't reasonably have foreseen. The first employee (female) that I spoke to said she should be able to assist me and implied that she would come back to me - nearly 5 hours later? Nothing! I then rang back again and after speaking to someone who (although polite) couldn't help me the Group Revenue Manager (Shetty) rang me back and very…,Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or155-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",So bad...,"Stayed for 3 nights with my wife and child. We previously used SO Arch and enjoyed our stay (1.5 years ago ). Unfortunately, this time was very disappointing. I believe this is a result of failing to update the facilities and clean appropriately.  First of all, there is no blind on the attic window, allowing light in once the sun comes up. We asked at reception for eye masks but told they did not have any. We ended up buying our own and to be fair, we were reimbursed with the cost.  Having a shower on a morning proved very problematic.  If you try to get a shower after 8.30am there is no hot water. Reception were aware of this issue and seemed to think it was acceptable due to it being a busy time.   This aside, our main gripe with the hotel was the cleanliness. Stains all over…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or155-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",2 day stay,It's OK for somewhere quick and easy. But not a 4star by far. Stayed for 2 nights. 1st night the shower flooded and the second day had no hot water. Also the room was very grey and real cheap put to together furniture.,Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or155-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Quite place at vestry,The hotel is located in direct proximity of church. Rooms are OK equipped with kitchen appliance. It is clean and quite comfortable.  Hotel staff is friendly and care-taking. The hotel would be much nicer if there was at least a bar not to mention restaurant. Still can find good place for breakfast or fish&chips nearby.   Overall neighbourhood is not the nicest place on earth... so do not count on sightseeing in this area.,Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or155-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Good location and a lovely room ,"Despite some average and less than favourable reviews on here, we had a rather pleasant stay at the SO Arch.   Room 204 which was very spacious, light and airy and also had a kitchenette of sorts.   We only stated for one night but would have happily stayed longer.   The local shops are only 30 seconds away, it's a nice area and there is free parking which is always a bonus in London. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or155-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Nice but average,So Arch was a pleasant place to stay. The staff were helpful and polite. Not sure if they're in the middle of a restore because the bathroom and kitchen were new but the walls and carpet looked very tired and in need of some TLC. I thought there might be cooking facilities but there was only a microwave (probably me not reading the facilities properly though). I'd stay there again but not at £99 per night. Nice soaps and shampoos though and a short walk from Archway tube.,Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or160-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent service, very happy I stayed here","Stayed here for two nights recently. When I arrived I was informed that they had upgraded my room to a suite which was very welcome. The suite was clean with everything I could want. It had a television, heating, air con, microwave, fridge, sink and utensils. The bathroom was particularly nice - modern, everything worked well and I had underfloor heating. My daughter decided to visit me for one of the nights and at no extra charge they were happy for her to stay with me. On the last day when I needed to work till 6pm, they labelled and looked after my luggage within sight of the receptionist from 10am and I must say that all reception staff were friendly and helpful. So all in all I was very happy during my stay.  Remember to take photo ID - I forgot but the reception staff…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or160-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Suited the purpose,"Did ring, to confirm the on line booking, just in case !! Arrived late PM, but not a very friendly greeting, but got the room we booked, Luxury suite which was clean and tidy, Considering it was a suite, no chairs, bar a single upright desk chair But served it purpose of the one overnight stay,, Would used again, if i need to be in that area",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or160-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",No Room at the Inn,Got here Fri 5th June in afternoon just in time to get dressed for a wedding. Receptionist said they had given our room away. And were full. No apologies She said we had not provided CC details. Which we had through Booking.com and had email to prove. Got a room after nearly an hour but only when I proved on my phone rooms were still available on website. Missed most of the wedding. Never again. Beware,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or160-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Location-That's all there is !!!!!!!,"Where do I start? First,  upon check in were assigned the wrong room type due to overbooking. It was only when i returned to the Front desk to question the reservation that I was informed we were downgraded for one night. Let me be clear the biggest problem with this is that we requested two twins, what we got was one double and a kids cot that was not fit for anyone to sleep on. Then their idea of free bathroom amenities was toilet paper and a small bottle of lotion. When I requested soap and shampoo I was told they had been waiting for delivery. It was 5 days later, yes I asked every morning and afternoon, when after once again being told there was no soap or shampoo that someone knocked on the door with a couple of bottles of both after she over heard the the denied request.…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or160-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Super London overnight stay, brilliant customer service !!!","Overnight stay for wedding that day. So Arch is very well located, useful local amenities incl. Sainsburys and a nice selection of shops. Very Attractive exterior. First class customer service from Zita, requested earlier check in which was not a problem. Need a taxi, not a problem for Zita, booked for us and arrived in 5 minutes ! Prompt communication. Room very smart, very useful kitchen area. Very peaceful. Can definitely recommend, hope to use again.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or165-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for location. Call before booking if disabled,"On the good side; Great location, Lovely staff and spotlessly clean, largish and some free parking. Would be great for a long stay due to the kitchenette and lots of storage.   On the minus side; The disabled wet room had no pulley on the alarm (the cord had broken off at some point and bin tied to the light pull) and both the shower and toilet seat’s where too high for me and I am 5’4”.  The pulley in the alarm bedroom was too short for all but the tallest of able men. Room to hot and air con would not go under 19 degrees. Not the LUXURY promised but still value for money. Not totally disabled friendly.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or165-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,Clean and comfortable. Close to the tube station. 30 min walk to camden town for great nightlife. Close to a sainsburys. Underfloor heating in the bathroom. Quick check in. Minimal noise. No complaints.  ,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or165-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic value,"We stayed in a group of 4 at the end of April in one a duplex room, which had two double beds that could be separated very easily. The staff were friendly and helpful with all of our requests.  Being 5 minutes away from the nearest tube station was great and so many convenience shops nearby too.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or165-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Fobbed off and wasted most our evening relocating!!!,"My partner and I booked to stay at the So Arch hotel because of its location and proximity to amenities to arrive and be told that they didn't have a room for us and that they tried to contact my partner via email and call. He received no such contact and we were moved to a sister hotel So Quartier . This hotel was not as close to amenities and not the same standard by far.   We Spoke with the receptionist about moving to another hotel of the same standard as the one we booked and were told that she has stayed in others and they are ""worse"" than the one we have been moved to.  After looking on the hotel website we saw that rooms were still available for the hotel we originally booked and could be booked via their website or any affiliated websites.  I'm completely disgusted at…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or165-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Fab aparthotel at amazing price!,"My partner and I needed last minute accommodation for 2 nights (mid week), and stumbled across SO Arch, which seemed quite nice and within our price range. EXTREMELY impressed! Very spacious room (luxury suite) designed perfectly to my tastes, big wooden windows (that actually open!), high ceilings, very light and airy. A great combination of modern and classic. Part of the attraction for me is that it's an old Grade II listed building, which I always prefer staying in. Everything was clean and pristine upon our arrival, and the only 'oopsies' were some old wine drop stains in a small area of the carpet, and one of the kitchen sockets appeared somewhat broken (plug wouldn't go in). But hardly enough to condemn the place overall and ruin our stay. We received more towels upon…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or170-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Great price nice clean new hotel,Booked this for two couples to stay as we needed somewhere close to lords cricket ground. We had the garden room which had a large room with a small kitchenette and bathroom with double bed then a separate room with double bed wardrobes and tv. When we stayed it was just getting refurbished so there was some expected areas with ongoing building work however we didn't witness any happening whilst we stayed in in September 2012. The staff on the desk were very helpful and helped with arranging taxis.,Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or170-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Better than the reviews suggest,"Stayed for 3 nights in a duplex room with my sister (so wanted to use both beds). Some niggles with the room. As previous people have said you would expect an 'apartment' to have a bit more furniture. No where to sit comfortably downstairs if sofa bed is being used. Very few coat hangers. Tiny drying up cloth.  Had to climb on chair and use coat hanger to open dormer window in upstairs/mezzanine otherwise became too hot to sleep. No view to outside due to building design (window very high up the wall). Unlikely they could do anything about that. However staff were very pleasant, situation handy for buses and tube, local Sainsbury nearby as well as plenty of cafes. 1/2 hour walk up to Highgate village.  Basically it does what it says on the tin. Not expensive for London, clean, …",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or170-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",' Terrible - Double booking',"I booked the Garden Suite at So Arch Aparthotel. We booked this suite as we were traveling and staying in London with our two children, I booked this 4 weeks before our stay and phoned five days prior to confirm our booking and to double check  our reservation and check parking arrangements. ( I had read a previous review regarding this hotel double booking) I was assured by the receptionist that the Garden suite had been booked.   On arrival the receptionist took our payment,  gave us our key and led us to a suite , but not to the garden suite. This was not what we had booked. The alternative offered was not satisfactory and certainly not an upgrade.  On questioning the receptionist she said we had been moved us ,someone else booking a longer stay had been given priority , even…",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or170-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"we had specifically booked this hotel for it's beautiful garden suite apartment, on site parking and because of it's location as we were going to an event just 1 Mille away.  Upon arrival we were told we were To be transferred to a different hotel last minute due to plumbing issues with this room. We had no prior warning.  They insisted the hotel we were being transferred to was part of your chain and stated the room would be the same.   We understand circumstances meant that they were unable to provide us with a room, but at this point a refund or some kind of compensation should have been offered for the inconvenience you had caused. Eventually we had them agree to pay our taxi from the hotel to the venue and back again as it was going to cost us a lot more to get to the venue…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or170-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Basic one nighter.apart hotel,"Booked in here on another's recommendation mainly for price and convenience to Northern Line tube for a one night stay prior to a training day. For £79 it provided good value, a quiet street, comfy bed, tv,  with wifi and desk. A fridge, microwave, kettle and toaster with basic cutlery/crockery. It enabled me to provide my own evening snack and breakfast. However, niggly issues, no tea towel and no tea spoons! Both perhaps stolen by previous occupants but the room had not been properly checked. Polite reception staff but a dispute over charging and a capacity to answer the phone mid conversation didn't enhance the service. Would I use them again, yes for a 1 nighter but not for a longer stay",Date of stay: March 2015,3.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or175-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Love the idea but not all its advertised as.,"We were just looking for somewhere to sleep as were off clubbing at KOKO so we made do with our choice however if we had wanted to really use the room I would be a little disappointed.  Duplex Room booked for 4 adults  Website advertises High quality furnishings quality sleep. hahahahaha, 1 TV supplied not 2, no dishwasher and the sofa bed was well past its use by date it had been given an extra mattress as an attempt to cover the huge dip in it had (bums on floors)  Living room just had premade sofa bed, 1 seat and small desk so not sure what we would do between sleeping as nowhere to socialise pre bed! There was 1 seat upstairs so we brought that down and shared sitting on the rickety bed!  Bathroom was nice great hot showers for all four of us. Checking in was a little…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or175-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",So arch it is then!,It's an old school so the windows are high up and half way between floorsdo we couldn't see out  Sofa bed wasn't made up and was rather tatty to be fair as wa the floor carpet Bathroom shower room was huge and very  swish Not enough coat hangers or pegs to hang your coats which was strange for a school ! On a good bus rought and local shops and trains for going into town The decorating was started then stopped and our smoke detector was covered with a carrier bag?? ,Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or175-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Chaotic and confusing,"Booked this place as have stayed here once before and found an offer that made staying again quite appealing. Archway tube station is a three minute walk away, and you're in the centre of London within twenty minutes so staying in the Archway area makes sense.  Unfortunately what didn't make sense was the checking in procedure. Firstly, after arriving at 13:35, was asked to ""go get a coffee or something"" as the room wasn't ready. Returned half an hour later and was given a duplex room. That was the first error as had booked a Luxury Studio. Now the duplex is dearer, but caters for four people which was not right.  Second problem was there was quite a quantity of blood splattered up one of the walls which is very off-putting.   The next issue was that there was a dorma style…",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or175-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Poor standards,"Stayed here for a weekend with my partner in 2013. on arrival we were shown to the room whuch had no bed linen on the bed and no towels which was promptly dealt with. The room was very compact with a tiny bathroom. Also there was no hairdryer which is a huge must for me!! It over looked what I'd take to be building works being carried out. The room its self was quiet we never heard much noise, the place is basic and reasonably priced. You get what you pay for. I personally wouldn't stay again.",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or175-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Good deal,Quite good hôtel with gentle and reagent staff. Good place not far from londond center. If you are 3-4 people  I advice this hôtel. Parking lot available for free if you are planning to come by car. Bathrooms are great with good quality materials,Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or180-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Just what you need!,"Stayed here with family to visit friends in London. Great location, safe and secure with CCTV cameras dotted around its own off street car park. Shops, pubs, cafés and tube stations all pretty close. The room was super modern, very well equipped and decorated to a high standard. We had a duplex room which had a very nice bed and a sofa bed. The sofa bed isn't great but was ok for a night or two. There was some evidence of a good party or two but nothing too noticeable. Pretty good value and when staying in London again would definitely consider staying again. The church bells ring in the morning though but I'm fine with that. Go local for breakfast. Pedro's on Kentish town road was great.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or180-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient for what we wanted,"Needed a hotel for a concert at the O2 Forum which we were driving too so this fitted our purpose as it had a free car park and tube was a short walk away, if driving to it note it is just next to the church on the corner of Pemberton Gardens as you turn in and you can easily miss it. Room was large with both bed and put up would have slept 3 easy, plenty of facilities fridge, microwave, tea coffee etc couple of niggles, in the kitchen area no plug at worktop height to plug in kettle so had to use the far desk area, this and no mirror to sit at for doing your hair but apart from those couple of minor anomalies a great stay. On suite was clean with big walk in shower, this was classed as the Luxury Studio and at the price we paid a good buy for London.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or180-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",What's an aparthotel?,"It's an apartment/hotel of course!  Perfect combination for a family traveling together. My parents stayed upstairs, and the couch/bed was perfect for me and my sister!  The bathroom was nice. The place was clean. The beds were comfortable.  The tv worked, the wifi worked.  The location was great!  I didn't have any problems whatsoever!",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or180-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Horrific - worst night sleep ever!,"The room had a sofa bed in it which was painfully uncomfortable.  The sofa bed was broken, when reported the bed was unstable the management brought me a card board box to level out the bed (put under the wonky leg). Every time you moved the bed made an awful noise. It was the most I comfortable contraption I have ever slept on. There was blood stains on mattress too. When I made a complaint, In the morning, I was handed a complaints request form for my money back. The management said they were aware that the bed was broken and had many complaints about this, and that they were in the process of 'buying a new sofabed'- the manager sent very rude, impolite emails back to me when I kindly asked for some discount on our nights stay- our weekend in London was ruined by a night of no…",Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or180-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Rooms A Lit Pricey Tho...,The room was pretty spacious and smart.  Asked for an iron in the evening and was told I would need to wait until the cleaner came in the morning to get one.  Morning came and I had to go and ask for the iron again.  Not the end of the world but for the amount paid for the room you would expect an iron and board to at least be provided.  Interesting fire alarm in the middle of the night but it seemed to stop fairly soon after it started (there wasn't a fire).  I would look for some deals on rates before booking here.,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or185-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate,"We needed a hotel in the North London area and decided on So Arch on past reviews. The room we were given had a strange set-up, with a bland living area with one uncomfortable couch and a TV - no table. The bedroom was upstairs and adequate; the bathroom was small but again, adequate. For us, it was priced to offer slightly more, but we had no problems with cleanliness or staff interactions.",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or185-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",An Aparthotel well worth considering.,"We stayed in the seperate one bedroom apartment which was very clean and perfect for us as we we travelling with a 5 month old baby.  The reason for choosing this was the totally separate bedroom which allowed baby to sleep whilst we could spend time in the lounge area. Facilities in the lounge/kitchen are basic but adequate, and sparkling clean. The property is easy to find, and perfect for those travelling from the north - it's pretty much just off the A1. Free parking onsite and close to both the tube at Archway & the overground at Upper Holloway for journeys into the city.  I would definitely stay here again should the need arise.     ",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or185-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Value for Money - Great Accomodation,"Recently stayed at the So Arch at Pemberton Gardens. Managed to get a fantastic last-minute price from Trivago for this place. Booked for 1 person, only needed a single room, but upon checking in they provided me with a 2 Bed Duplex Apartment!   The building is a new build, or at least fresh renovated and the hotel seemed very clean throughout. My apartment was very modern, airy, with free wifi and A/C. The mini-kitchen supplied had a good quality microwave oven, branded kettle and toaster. Tea and coffee was provided in the room. The bathroom was very luxurious, with complimentary shower gels and shampoos provided. Towels and bedding were clean, fresh and not your basic run of the mill types - quality has been looked at throughout.  Checkin is 24-hours and someone is always…",Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or185-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",No hot water for 3 out of 4 days.,"We arrived at this hotel on the 24th of October, leaving the 28th of October. We had no hot water to wash from the 25th until the day we left and, with 2 young children, who cannot be expected to be subjected to wash with cold water, this was simply unacceptable. While apologetic, the staff could not and did not do anything to remedy the situation. The first day, the excuse was that it was weekend and no one could come out to fix the problem. Really? If you pay extra, ofcourse someone would be available. The rest of the time, nothing would be done to appease the guests. For example, offer a discount on accomodations, offer complementary breakfast etc. Anything would have been something. I felt bad for the employees that their employer put them in that situation.   I thought the…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or185-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",will not return for another stay,"We stayed in this hotel from Oct 25 to Oct 27, 2014. In the evening of Oct 25, there was no hot water for us to take a shower. Hotel staff did not inform us until we went to the front desk to ask. We were told it will not be work on till the next morning.   By 10am on Oct 26, the engineer was still working on the problem. There was still no hot water by the time we checked out at 10.50 am on Oct 27.   At 10.10 am on Oct 27th, I was told I can take my shower in another room. Information from another guest in the hotel at the time: the other room was in the next building. It was cold and damp in London at this time of the year. I was all packed up and ready to go by the time they told me I can have a shower in another room after 2 days of stay in this hotel.   The other thing…",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or190-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Pemberton Gardens,"Clean, comfortable bed, polite helpful staff, quiet location, price great. There is a 24 hour desk and a late check out of 11:00 (although I am sure the website stated 12). Newly built all on one floor we enjoyed our stay and would come back.                     ",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or190-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Try an apartment rather than a hotel,"Following issues booking a hotel in London near the venue of my conference, I decided to book an apartement for my 1 night stay in the capital.  Although I checked in late, the receptionist was very welcoming and friendly. She gave me clear information about my stay (check-out times etc.) and also was happy to book a taxi for the morning from the hotel to my venue.  The room was not big, but plenty spacious enough for a 1 night stay. The room was clean, tidy, a nice bathroom and large fridge. The room was quiet apart from a couple of roudy passers by at about 1am (nothing SO Arch could have done about this).",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or190-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Great room for a great price,"Stayed here in September 2014 for my birthday trip to London, staff were polite, room was extremely clean, fridge was a very decent size. The best part about it was the size. I was more like a suite than a room, It had 2 floors and felt very private. Close to tube St. Great find. Would recommend.",Date of stay: September 2014,5.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or190-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Historic and Modern/ close to tube,"We found this apartment/ hotel really nice. We originally decided to get off tube at Tufnel Park though Archway is closest. Right next door to a church. I think this is an old school/ church buildings that have been converted. 24hr reception which was nice. We stayed in the luxury apartment and it was air conditioned which was good. Noise pollution kept to a minimum and microwave and kettle facilities. Very easy access to tube network and not far from Camden and Kings cross. If we had one gripe it was the sofa in the lounge wasn't very comfortable and there could of been some more tasteful furniture etc. The bed upstairs was top notch though, very comfortable. Church bell goes off every hour.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or190-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",More than just a hotel room.,"I booked this accomondation to attend a conference in London. I agree that there were decorating details not quite finished, but I found it clean, more facilities than expected (large fridge, microwave, lounge area), and spacious bathroom. Our room had a large bedroom upstairs which was quirky but it was never going to be dull as it is a converted school. Staff were helpful and freindly and I would definately use it again.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or195-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Serviced Apartments,Modern apartments that come equipped with self catering facilities. Comfortable with all amenities local shops such as sainsburys local just across the road and a host of restaurants about 2 mins away to meet all requirements. Accessible easily by Archway tube station and Holloway Road.  ,Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or195-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Neat and modern,The apartment was very clean and modern but were unfinished and lacked certain necessities. We were on the road front and had no curtains so very little privacy in our bedroom. No TV by it did have a functioning kitchen. The oven was disgustingly dirty though and there were no cooking untensils. It was in a good location and we did enjoy our time there but it needs a few things fixed and sorted out. ,Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or195-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Great Value for the Area,"These apartments are fantastic for anyone looking for reasonable accommodation in the area, the building is spotlessly clean, the rooms are well equipped, and the facilities are first class. I really struggle to find a decent quality hotel room around here below £150 per night and as long as you don't mind eating out or cooking your own food the apartments are second to none and you can order a contenental breakfast if you like. Its easy to check in, free car parking at the rear of the building, free WiFi, and quiet rooms with comfortable beds. The bathrooms are brand new and well equipped and the TV is a decent size wide screen with FreeView. Will definitely use them again.",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or195-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",sparse,"2 night stay   Upgraded from basic, tiny room to duplex Pros: Brand new and clean Fridge and Microwave handy Double bed very comfortable Archway tube 10min walk away Quite room on ground floor Felt safe Cons: Felt sparse and unwelcoming, a few prints on the Wall may help Sofa bed uncomfortable Not suitable for those with mobility issues due narrow stair case",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or195-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Great Place For London Business,"Pro's Free off street parking Far Enough out of the city to be reasonable traffic Easy Tube to the City, £12 uber ride back Friendly staff Great rooms  Con's Beds are Twin/Double split type Had builders working and a power cut during my stay Heating/AC turns off the instant you leave the room  How to improve - constructive advice for the hotel Some seating in the outside area Mattress toppers to hide the split in the bed to make things more comfortable Consider allowing the A/C to operate off of the room key switches",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or200-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Has the Potential to be Great!,After flying overnight we arrived about 10:00 - 10:30am very tired but were told that check-in was not until 2:00pm without any effort to see if a room was available. At 2:00pm we claimed our Executive studio room. At first sight we were quite pleased. It was clean and quite spacious with a sort of living room downstairs and the bedroom up a very narrow set of stairs. (The bed settee in the living room had been left as a bed even though they knew we were only 2 people.) As others have stated their are some limited cooking facilities and fridge but nowhere to sit down and eat except the sofa. Plenty of cupboard space for clothes but the bed had to be the smallest double bed I have ever seen. My wife and I were in continual fear of falling out when we turned over. Next we found…,Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or200-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Good but you must bring supplies,"We stayed here as a family of 4 May 25-28 2014 and enjoyed it - it is very large and has free wifi and parking, with the underground Archway Station only 5 mins walk. The place was clean and nice although the maid service did not hoover ever or make the beds every day. Also, be warned that although it has a kitchen with a convection oven/microwave there are no cooking implements, tin openers or bottle openers, kitchen towels, dish towels etc. so you must bring or buy these once here. Also only one small bin under the kitchen sink - none in bathroom or upstairs, which is annoying.  For the price a very good family place and near the London Zoo. Camden Market is terrific.",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or200-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Brand newly opened when we first stayed, but looking like it will be excellent self-catering accommodation","We stayed for two nights at So Arch as a family and were one of the first people to stay there after it opened. Whilst there were a few things not quite finished, the quality of the rooms was outstanding and the staff were really friendly, particularly Francis. It is great value and in a good location and we will definitely be paying a return visit.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or200-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for our needs,"I stayed here with friends and our older children, we were attending a concert at finsbury park and these apartments were only 1.7km away.  The biggest bonus was the free car parking and we were told that should we want to do any sightseeing the following day we could leave our cars there at no cost. We had a studio which was huge, spotlessly clean with a full size fridge and microwave. It would have been nice to have a bath but the shower was spacious with good water pressure and was large enough for two.  Our friends had a duplex apartment and the bedroom on the mezzanine was a good size, our daughters did the say the sofa bed wasn't particularly comfortable but for one night it was more than adequate and when they got free wi-fi they weren't too bothered!! The apartments are…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or200-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely little place to stay,"My husband I stayed here for one night, despite us arriving quiet late the receptionist was very polite and even gave us a free upgrade to a larger room and they  allowed us to leave our car during the next day when we had checked out! The room was comfortable and we both had a great nights sleep on the comfy bed, would highly recommend . ",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or205-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Much better places to stay in London for the money,"I stayed at SO Arch for 3 nights last week while in London for business. On the plus side, it was near to my office and also had decent options for transport, being a 5 minute walk to Archway tube station, 3 minutes from Upper Holloway overground station and having a number of bus lines that run into the city centre. But I was not impressed with the stay.   My room was an Executive Studio on the ground floor and had quite a damp feel and smell to it. The inside of the closet in the room had a horrible smell to it and I would not have wanted to put anything inside it. The mattress on the bed was cheap and had little padding. I could feel the springs poking into me and one side was all sagged down where too many people have sat on it.  There was just single glazing on the window…",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or205-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but avoid if you are after a good nights sleep,"We stayed at this hotel last night. The check in was excellent. We were in London for a football match. Although we were unable to check in early, we were able to park our car for free and take the tube to the match which was a big plus for us. We then returned at 9pm and checked in then. Both people meet on reception were very polite and helpful.   Unfortunately that is where the upside ended. There were three of us. My husband, my daughter and myself. The beds were on two levels. The upstairs one was good but down stairs was so bad, my daughter pulled the thin mattress off the bed settee and slept (if you can call it that) on the floor. The air conditioning sounded as if a tank of water was filling every 5 mins too.   The skylight window above the bed upstairs has no blind,…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or205-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","In generally good place, but details can spoil general impression","Stayed in this place 4 nights in May 2014 with my wife and 2 kids/ We arrived to UK by car, so transport access and parking we among the most important criteria. Easy to find by navigator. Parking is next to the hotel free of charge. In addition, the Aparthotel is located 5 minutes walk from Archway underground station. From there you can get to the center of London in 15-20 minutes. The exterior of the hotel is one of the most distinguishing i have ever seen. Combined with the nearby Church, I would rate these English old mansions converted into aparthotel as excellent. There are a couple supermarkets and restaurants that are highly ranked by trip advisor. We tried the italian place called 500. Very good restaurant. Recommend. Reservation in advance is highly advisable.…",Date of stay: May 2014,4.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or205-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Great for being just left alone no one bothering you but terrible for lack of soundproofing.,Fab building converted old school - still being worked on.  Room had all basics for just a simple meal was clean and clean lines which I like. If I used again I woukd bring tin opener sharp knife bottle opener tea towel kitchen roll etc as non of these. Nice pebbled garden abd parking. Really quiet outside off street BUT really noisy inside. Stayed 4 nights noise from room above very disturbing. Not that people were extra noisy just that all sound came straight down. First night a couple there could vertualy hear every word. Worst was when they had early morning sex I had to sit through every moan for what seemed like ages. Felt like shouting get on with it!!  Next night they were obviously going for early flight heard their alarm at 4 then an hour if banging crashing round room…,Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or205-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic value for a lovely room,"Had a great stay at these apartments. Booked to stay here in February as it was a good location for some of the places we needed to get to on our visit and was very cheap in comparison to other places in London. We had to cancel our original booking due to work commitments and the hotel were very accommodating and allowed us to re book for another date and we didn't lose our money. We were also given a free upgrade for one evening. Room was lovely and very clean and we didn't hear a noise from any other of the other guests the whole time of our stay. My only criticism of the room is that there wasn't a mirror anywhere in the bedroom and there wasn't a toothbrush holder in the bathroom, so very minor things. Definitely stay here again in the future.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or210-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant,Had a lovely stay when accompanying our son for an interveiw. Stayed in duplex appt which was lovely and clean and comfortable. Small kitchen with kettle and microwave. Only problem was that we had no hot water due to a fault. The receptionist was very helpful despite coping with a very irate French client who was quite aggressive about the water situation. The receptionist dealt with this in a very professional way and kept very calm. I would not hesitate to stay here again as it was very handy for sight seeing Thankyou,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or210-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"Quiet road, free parking, small building, not crowded inside, spacious rooms, staff is friendly, kind and peaceful. One minute walking distance from tube. Excellent indian restaurant nearby (Sitara).           Room are very clean, looks like it has been refurbished recently. Maybe not enough decorated but is a matter of taste. Excelent relationship price/quality. Will come back.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or210-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Would Happily Recommend!,"I booked into the garden suite as it slept 4, I was travelling from Bournemouth and meeting friends and family from up north. The Garden suite is detached from the main building so very peaceful and quiet! However it does not have a secluded private garden as described on the comparison site I booked through. Our rooms were so clean and well presented, the garden suite is not very large but plenty room for 3 girls getting ready! So Arch is between Upper Holloway and Archway tube stations and lots of local bus routes so loads to see on the doorstep! We spent Saturday day time in Camden Town Market and returned to Camden for drinks that night. The only downside to our time there was our mum had booked a separate room which was within the main hotel, unfortunately the main building…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or210-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place to stay,"The apartments are modern and very clean, based in a nice part of London with no noise at night, they do offer a breakfast too. I only stayed one night but will decently stay there again, the staff were nice polite & helpful, it also has free parking.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or210-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely little apartments !!!,We stayed for two nights..the apartments are located just off the main road which is full of supermarkets and takeaways !!!! The apartments seemed to be still having some interior work done but this is did not affect our stay what so ever ......lovely modern interior and the rooms are of a good size with all plush new furniture ...clean ..comfy bed ....large sized tv ...free wi-fi and a brilliant shower !!! What more could you want !!!!  Kitchen is fully equipped ....but bring own bottle opener !!! Friendly staff on reception 24hours !!! Free parking ....on our last day we went to an amazing turkish restaurant a few minutes walk from the apartments..... Called Harham ?? Food was fabulous ....all different types of kebab meats and really cheap prices !!!!! Best restaurant of the…,Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or215-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Very impressed with the So Arch!,"We stayed here for New Year's Eve. We stopped in the duplex apartment for 4. It had a double bed upstairs and then a sofa bed downstairs. It was clean and modern. Very impressed with it for the money. Plenty of towels, and there was toiletries in the bathroom and milk in the fridge.  It was about 8 minute walk to the archway tube station and it also had a free car park.  Only downside there was no TV. ",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or215-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Happy stay, clean room, ideal location for NYE 2013","We stayed as a group of 4 in a duplex room!  We were early for check-in and we we're shown into our room by the receptionist, the room was round the side of the building, it was clean, tidy, new and very comfortable.  Bathroom had heated floor (what a luxury), there was plenty of room, mini kitchen with microwave oven, kettle and fridge.  5 min walk from archway tube station for access to Central London. Ideal stay on outskirts of Central London ",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or215-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Just arrived,"Got to the hotel,entrance blacked by sports car.Apparently it was a part owner of the building.When we politely asked him to move his car so that we could park,he said in 10 minutes.The man was arrogant and rude.No way to run a business. We waited after a long drive .When the person eventually moved  his car there was no apology.Hotel reception staff very nice and professional.Who ever owns this hotel take note as people won't return,have you seen all the other negative reviews",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or215-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",good place very  quiet nice black out blinds,i dont no why people have moaned about this place . i have stayed in some dumps on my travels but this is spot on for london very clean everything new inside . i booked the double with patio but patio is not there and i payed extra £5.00 for this but forgot to complain as i was happy with everything . it takes a lot for me to be happy staying anywhere so it must be good . beds comphy as hell loved it . nick smith from stamford  lincs,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or215-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",so arch,"Stayed for two days in September for a wedding found the staff helpful ,the room was new ,clean and modern .There is free parking which was good for London and found it to be good value for a family of four  one little problem no kettle",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or220-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Teething troubles,"We were able to leave our bags before check in time which was good Chap on duty pleasant and showed us to the room  No remote for the television asked and were told he would get one .20 minutes later I went to find him to be told that  there were no batteries and that it was 'not possible tonight',so note to management to keep spare batteries. No insulation strip around window meant it rattled and the wind whistled in,mentioned it at checkout so hopefully it will be fixed",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or220-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Easy travel to central london,"This is a newly refurbished apart/hotel. All the fittings in the room were new and it was very nicely decorated. The large double bed with lots of wardrobe space was on a galleried landing and there was also a comfortable sofa bed in the downstairs room together with a small desk and TV so the room could comfortably sleep 4 without feeling too claustrophobic.  The mini kitchen had a fridge and combo oven.grill/microwave which meant we didn't always have to eat out so makes staying here a good budget option. The location is ok but the advantage is that the tube is less than 5 minutes walk and has easy access via the northern line to central london (takes about 11 minutes).  The minor negatives were the lack of lighting to the upstairs dressing table, the exterior of the building…",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or220-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel! Do not stay there as it could be your last!!,"I stayed in this hotel for two nights over the 11th & 12th of October in what was supposed to be a queen sized bed, and what I discovered was beyond belief! The staff was rude, the cleaning was non-existent and it is a long long way from being a 'luxury' hotel, we would have had a better stay at a YMCA! I'll leave my pictures to talk for me!!",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or220-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"I approached booking this hotel with caution regarding the reviews posted on here previously. However, I was pleasantly surprised. Location wise it was ideal for me, being just 3 stops from Camden and quick walking distance from the tube station.   The hotels interior is modern and it is clear it has recently opened due to cleanliness. The hotel throughout is clean and the people working were happy to help with any queries I had. The decor is modern. The room I was allocated was perfect for the amount of people staying and the time we stayed. It was spacious and much bigger than anticipated with high ceilings - idyllic.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or220-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Potential to be excellent,"A beautiful room in a beautiful building and a great location. We stayed in early September and the hotel wasn't ready yet, which somehow meant we couldn't have the room we booked. The one given was spacious by furniture was scarce. There were several other issues that added up to a troubled stay.  The extractor fan in the bathroom does not switch off so the noise keeps you awake at night.  The fire alarms kept sounding at ransoms times day and night.  Their WiFi does NOT work.   Had to keep asking for toilet roll, which took hours to arrive.  Window blinds were faulty.  Despite these issues we would consider staying again if the price was right and we were assured they would not happen again. This facility has the potential to be brilliant, unfortunately they just need to work…",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or225-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, quiet and cosy.","We booked our double bedroom apartment for a few nights over the weekend for me and my family of 4. I  took the oportunity of a cheap flight and fought about London with my wife only shortly before leaving for my holiday. We had a few days to choose our hotel and we did a nearly random choice looking only the for price and location. Unfortunately we red the many bad reviews about this hotel only after we reserved and therefore we were prepared for the worst. But it turned out that the place was excellent for wha we needed. A quiet building, a clean apartment and a reception able to answer our questions about the amenities of London. It is true that in this hotel the sheets and towels are not changed every day and this is why I am giving only a 4 star out of 5. But apart for that…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or225-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Very good stay,Very good location near  Archway tube station and close to buses to city center. The hotel has recently opened so everything is new. Room was a good size very comfortable and clean.The manager was very helpful and friendly. Good value. Will definitely return again when in London.,Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or225-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Unfinished hotel. Noisy rooms. Poor staff. Take a risk if you want,Where do I start? As you walk up to the 'hotel' you are aware that there is building work going on due to the appearance of things. Its a conversion of an old school. When you go in things aren't too bad. To start with the evening receptionist was helpful. On entering the ground floor room he apologised as the stairs from the patio doors are not yet finished and you can't walk on them. There are holes in the walls where the plaster has come off. The windows were filthy as were the new blinds. There are patches of unpainted wall in the room. The frames around the cupboard doors are bare. I wonder if the hotel owners have fallen out with the builders? When I went to bed I was unable to get to sleep as the TV noise from the upstairs room was unbearable. I asked the night porter to…,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or225-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Many things to improve.........,"New Hotel but, A lot of things to improve.   Best:  Receptionists nice. Location close to Archway Subway Station Zone 2, And many Bus links to go to the city center.  Worse: Housekeeping department, I imagine it is external service,cause any of the days of our stay they did not change our sheets, really bad. Dirty Carpets.....  Unfinished furniture that expose internal pipes.   Unless the manager or Whoever change all this things... for me is the last option to stay in London.",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d4894483-Reviews-or225-Arch_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Arch Hotel Reviews, London",Never again...,So we booked two duplex apartments well in advance we arrive on the day and get told their fully booked? We the get offer a tiny little room for 4 of us with one double bed which by the way wasnt even cleaned .. as you can imagine this was just the start.. the staff were so rude .  Would not recommend to anyone,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
