,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or0-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Foul!!!  Wouldn’t leave my dog in here!!,"Absolutely disgusting!!! Definitely not covid secure as the rooms are filthy!, rooms smell like a curry house, pillows are rock hard, whole place is very loud at night as people are banging doors all night, can only get certain tv channels to work!, safe to say the worst place I’ve stayed in my life for the same price as a premier inn you’d be daft not you use the premier inn!!",Date of stay: April 2021,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or0-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Non Trust worthy Management,Non Trust worthy Management. So Sienna  holds 5 nights worth of my money that is NOT respected by this crowd -- Appears they take over something but not the liability  I want my Money back  Due to a Force Majeure Event,Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or0-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Disappointing ,"I was led to believe that an executive suite offered a larger space than it did and had a patio/balcony. My confirmation actually stated patio and dining table. The room was tiny, baking hot and was not cleaned properly. There was no balcony/patio, no dining table, a tiny window which would not open properly and the toilet was filthy. The shower had a missing door which had been replaced with an awkward curtain, which continually stuck to me while showering. The cooling fan kept tripping all the electricity in the room which was baking hot. It would also take out all the sockets in the room and the TV. The kind manager showed me where the breaker was to reset the circuit, but the fan would only work for 30 seconds max before a fizzling sound announced an imminent room blackout. I must have reset that breaker 20 times before giving up. Desperate, in the middle of the night, soaked in sweat and dehydrated, I found a fan in the cupboard, which I managed to jam the window open with and run, sucking in welcome fresh air. The problem was it was an industrial fan and sounded like a Chinook helicopter! In the morning when it was light, I found a warning sticker on that same fan saying do not use, electrical fault. If I had seen it, I'd have taken the risk. Better to die of electrocution than slowly melt to death. The toilet roll holder and towel ring came off the wall in my hands. The lamp didn't work. Otherwise, the room was perfect 👌  The manager Shaiz, was very kind and helpful. He showed me other rooms, but they were all similar for more money. One smelled so strongly of damp I couldnt stand to be in it. He was excellent though, did his absolute best. He could only work with what he had. The bed was also very comfortable and would have been pleasant if it wasn't so unbearably hot. The location was excellent for me. If they sorted out the issues that made it so uncomfortable it would be a really nice apartment. They also need to be more honest with their marketing and photos.…",Date of stay: August 2020,2.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or0-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Lovely room, fantastic location","Stayed here on New Years Eve at a very competitive price. The room was lovely, nicely decorated, modern, warm and clean. Only a short walk from Hammersmith tube station. Reception friendly and helpful. Would use again and definitely recommend",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or0-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Do not book here,"Awful Experience!   Was expecting 3 apartments sleeping 4 people in each... instead we got 6 cramped and dirty rooms that sleep  2.  Attempted to discuss this issue, but they had double booked our rooms and Daniel the receptionist did not even offer to compensate or attempt to assist with this issue!    The customer service received from Daniel, who was the receptionist, was not accommodating or helpful! He was simply rude, patronising and ignorant! He laughed in our faces and did not attempt to rectify the problems which had occurred!   We requested to speak to his manager, but he refused us this right!   Never again will I return and I will make sure I spread the word! Awful experience!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or5-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Do yourself a favour - don't book it!,"The service terrible. I can honestly it's the worse service I ever had. Out of 5 days, only one day the room was cleaned. No clean towels, we had to ask and they knocked at our door at 11:15 pm to bring the towels! The second night, someone banged on our door, trying to open. After that there was loud noise and screaming for 40 minutes.  There was a hole in the wall, yes a hole! So Small we couldn't even open our luggage. The complete opposite of it's advertised I will upload pictures and you can see it for yourself.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or5-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Nice hotel - great staff,The rooms are small but clean and modern.  Good fridge and nice bathroom.  Good healthy places to eat only a few minutes walk away -- Hammersmith tube 5 minute walk.  Great staff -- Shehzad on reception was incredibly helpful and a wonderful guy.,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or5-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Bad experience,"Had to change the room 4006b as I nearly suffered third degree burns from the shower! Even maintenance man ( two screwdrivers in his pocket) couldn’t fix it! He then reported me to reception for smoking in the bathroom! Haven’t smoked in 30 plus years, I did suggest that one of the cleaners and maybe use the bathroom  as it has extractor fan. Anyway they changed my room to 4004b, woken at 05.30 on a Sat morning with noisy couple in next room and the smell of cigarette smoke coming from the bathroom! Suspect bathroom extraction pipework may all be connected up! Only two more nights! ",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or5-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",nothing like pics.,"just dirty, its nothing like online, i would avoid at all costs.  still haven't received my deposit back. constant attempts to message them... its really basic and nothing like they advertise   its not worth the price",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or5-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Disgraceful,"This place was an absolute disgrace, £100 a night and was ‘upgraded’ to a basement apartment which was damp and smelly. Beds were uncomfortable, very poor quality furniture. See picture for standard. Suggest you avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or10-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Cute apartment and lovely staff!,"The staff were so friendly and helpful, always on hand to answer any questions or provide assistance. They went above and beyond to ensure a comfortable stay, in particular, Shehzad who helped me up the stairs with my heavy bag and went and got us a fan when the room was hot due to the unseasonably hot weather. The room was clean and comfortable with good kitchen facilities and surrounding area is safe and quiet and just a few minutes walk from Hammersmith tube, so very convenient for transport links. Overall, a lovely place to stay - highly recommend :)",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or10-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Absolutely fine - not sure what all the moaning is about,Stayed here for 2 nights. Were allowed early check in which was so helpful as we had to leave almost immediately to go on the Thames RIB. Room was a really decent size and in a great location. Hadn’t checked tripadvisor before booking as it was a last minute trip but was really worried before checking in having read the other comments. Not sure what everyone else’s fuss was about as our room was fine. On the ground floor overlooking the road but road noise wasn’t disturbing. Decent bathroom and kitchen area if you want it. The only thing I really disliked were the pillows as they weren’t very comfortable. I’d stay again.,Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or10-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Pathetic,"The rooms are smelly, much smaller than the ics, there are bug and the service doesn´t help at all.... AVOID! mIsleading pictures and the price is too high for this quality. Many other places to spend your time in London.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or10-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Very poor,It is totally misrepresented. In no way could the place we stayed in be called a delux apartment.It was grotty with a stale smell of cigarette smoke .There was no fridge or toaster and kitchenware was minimal.We did not use it as there was no table or chairs and what can one cook on 2 small rings or a microwave that is worth eating ?It was like a drab little bedsit.There was a bathroom but  the promised toiletries were minimal and not topped up during our stay.The sheet was way too small for the bed.There was nothing appealing about this place. Do not consider !,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or10-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",SCAM - Avoid,"Disgusting room, rat traps, holes in the walls, unable to open window, different building, dirty sheets and towels, many things broken. Incredibly hot and uncomfortable.  Not even a one star. This hotel is a rip off and the owners know it. In addition to the above, they started very loud building works early in the morning.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or15-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Miss,"Advertised as luxury apartments. Nothing luxury In the slightest. Room was so hot, asked for air con and got given an air con unit that leaked all over the floor. Then over heated every 15 minutes itself. Had to ask where the bathroom was, then got given a pointed finger to a sliding cupboard door. Where behind lay a toilet and shower that. Had mound and stunk of damp. Opened cans of Diet Coke in the fridge. And a used ear bud on the bottom shelf of the bedside table. Along with an empty crisp jacket on the bedside draw. Turned up at so sienna and got told we weren’t even in this building. But a building in a different street. The only positive was the location. Would advise not to book here, should have looked more into reviews.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or15-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting and not what shown on website!!!! A house around the corner !!!!!,DO NOT BOOK HERE.   I PROMISE YOU WILL BE EXTREMELY UPSET.   Was not what was advertised and was taken to a building around the corner and down in a disgusting basement room which was also disgusting.   Couldn’t shower or eat in the room.  Also could not sleep there.   Left at crack of dawn to get out ASAP.  Currently complaint logged with booking.com who are looking into it.   Completely false advertising and not worth even £1 for the night but charged and money taken a month before the stay of £94.  Absolute robbery and should be an offence.  !!!,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or15-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Awful do not book,"check in time is 3, requested earlier which was rejected fair enough. arrived at half 5 to be told the room still hasn't been cleaned had to wait half an hour. the room was in a dingy back garden area underground. the room was tiny didnt have any of the facilities it was supposed to have. the bed sheets had marks on them the room didnt get cleaned the whole time we were there. quite upset with how bad it was we had been looking forward to some time away in the capital for a long time for my girlfriends birthday and this ruined it slightly, we didnt want to come back to the ""apartment"" (room with a microwave in) the back door to get into the area was always left unlocked as well which made us feel un easy about our belongings left in the room. Would advise everyone to book…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or15-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Don’t book here!!,"We booked this hotel with a friend for 4 nights. We specifically stated that we needed two beds and got the confirmation. When we got there, after a 13 hour flight, they told us that our apartment would be ready in a couple of hours. We reminded the person that we needed TWO beds.  When we returned, he took us to a studio with a double bed which we refused and he said that we never mentioned the two beds nor that they had guaranteed them. They offered us to move to another building 30 minutes  away and they refused to cancel the reservation.  We had to call Booking, who tried their best to make them return our money back but they didn’t succeed.  We were not treated right  during this 3 hour ordeal so we left.  Luckily, a couple of weeks afterwards, Booking gave us our money…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or15-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Shocker,"Can’t quite get over how bad this place is. Simple false advertising- nothing like what we booked and a total dump.  I’ll share some photos - but rooms are dirty, small, don’t look anything like photos advertised. Boiling hot! Staff unhelpful. I booked a family room for 5 - had two separate rooms on different wing of hotel, and not suitable for a family.  Im simply shocked!  Tv did not work. Tiny bathrooms. No on site parking. No handles on wardrobe doors.  War drones contained old curtains when I did manage to get in.  Shall I go on???   Avoid avoid avoid!! ",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or20-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",What a dump,"This is barely a 1 star place, small, moldy, dirty, uncomfortable bed and the list goes on.  Tiny room with the bathroom built into a closet. Dirty carpets, broken tiles etc. The place is not worth staying at! ",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or20-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Really disappointed! Definitely will not be coming back here again.,"I had booked to stay at So sienna on the 16th of March for 1 night.   Given the images on booking.com and the first showing reviews on the internet I was quite excited to stay in a studio apartment for the night and basically have the experience of home away from home.  However upon arrival I was quite unpleasantly surprised. The outer of the building has a very old image, but I have been in predicaments similar to this before and have been quite satisfied once entering the room.   So at the reception, which is basically a cupboard room, I was surprised with a £50 security deposit that I had no idea I had to pay which I was told would be refunded 5 working days later, and still hasn’t.   Anyways, I was asked at reception if I wanted to upgrade my room for a price, I said no and…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or20-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Zero cold water!,I had the displeasure of staying here due to being moved from their sister property (SO Park Battersea) due to having no hot water in the room I was booked in; of which I wasn’t told about until I got to the property at 10pm even though they had my contact details and had known about the issues all day. I waited 20 mins for a taxi and then headed 35 mins across London to this replacement property.  When I arrived it was significantly more dated and run down compared to the original I had booked and partly under renovation works. Never mind being 30 mins away from where I needed to be in normal traffic. Greeting the receptionist was fine and as expected.  I got to my room which was fine as it was 11pm and I’d had a long day so a clean bed was all I wanted.   I soon noticed the…,Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or20-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Poor Value - not more than a 2 star place - poor service,"We came to our room after a long day out. The beds are not made, the room is not cleaned. The microwave still does not work even though we reported that in the morning. On top of that, the service desk has an attitude.  I haven't even mentioned the construction noise because that is not in their control.  The only good thing is it's close to the tube station.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or20-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"After reading other reviews I was honestly dreading staying here . Turned out to be very clean and comfortable. Good location, very close to tube . Lots of good places to eat and drink nearby , would book again.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or25-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Horrible place to stay,"Booked for 5 nights left after the 2nd night after being woken up several times by loud noises of people outside, and someone trying to come into my room drunk off the street. And to top it all up it's FILTHY. See pictures. Mold in bathroom and vent fan just shows how much they care.. Let me tell you how bad it is for me to leave after paying for 5 nights and staying only 2 nights. Mold in the bathroom shower, spider web also in the bathroom, a heater that didn't function well, no daily housekeeping like you may be used to at a hotel. But what got me ticked off the most is the noise. It is a noisy place to stay, not well kept and clean. Just horrible. If you work hard for your money I recommend you don't spend it this way. Also, room said no smoking but heck that room was…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or25-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Nice on the surface - disgusting underneath ,"Stayed one night as was going to Hammersmith Apollo with my teenage son so thought perfect to get a studio apartment with two beds. Checked in, got to the room and found there was no mattress on the sofa bed. No worries they moved us to the one bed apartment next door which looked great. But start opening wardrobes and cupboards and the doors drop or hang off. You find little annoyances like there’s no cold water coming out the tap in one of the bathrooms, there’s a bare coaxial cable under a desk in the bedroom, one wall looks like it’s been fixed with masking tape and the paint and plaster underneath is bubbling and peeling. BUT the thing to top it all was my son going to eat some doughnuts we’d left - still in their box - when we came back from the theatre to find them…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or25-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Never more ....,"To anyone who wants to spent money for no service I advice - DO NOT book this place.  Some PROS :   -good guys in the reception (if this can be called like this) - obviously they know what this xxx is about, but they are paid and do good and difficult job. -very good wifi/ internet access   Number of CONS : -dirty  -no care about rubish -many things in the apartment broken so you would not believe they leave it like it is -they sell pictures not compatible with reality -if you book two apartments- larger and smaller - you might face situation those are located in different buildings, 200 meters distance - NO info upfront - RAT in the room - NEVER NEVER  seen such thing in CHARGED service - mismanaged to take a picture - that pure animal was so fast  Expensive if this was for…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or25-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Tired and poorly equipped,"Tried this apartment as it was close to the Eventim Apollo venue. Its well located for this purpose, a number of local restaurants and bars close by. However, the apartment / kitchenette was in poor condition. No washing up liquid provided or tea towel - both essential for this type of accommodation (and usually provided by other similar properties), lack of a full set of cutlery is just not acceptable. The shower head was poor quality and leaked profusely. Internet was not particularly reliable or fast. Wouldn't stay again, there are better equipped apartments for this cost. Disappointed as the pictures on line make it look great!! (Go figure)",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or25-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Absolute disgrace,I pre booked and pre paid for my room via booking.com on arrival I was informed that they were overbooked and they would be moving me to another place in Paddington. They would pay for taxi there. Under his breath the manager tells me I shouldn’t say this but the rooms are better there. On arrival we went to reception to check in. And was then shown where our room was. As you can see from the photos this is not what we paid for and I would hate to see what the rooms looked like at Hammersmith if these were the better ones. And surely if Paddington are the better ones the Hammersmith ones don’t look like the photos!! Avoid at all costs will never use again.,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or30-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Perfectly fine. Had a lovely stay. Don’t panic!!,"After reading previous comments I was really anxious about staying here. I can only speak for the room we had, but it was perfectly fine (for the money we paid) and we had a lovely time. The apartment was immaculate and the bathrooms finished to a high standard. Comfortable, clean beds and very friendly service. The kitchen cabinets do need replaced but there was clearly refurbishments going on so perhaps that’s on the cards. Fantastic location and the pub on the corner is brilliant. Think it’s only fair to balance all the negative comments with a more positive one.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or30-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Hotel overbooked and didn't tell us until the evening we arrived. Still waiting for refund.,"We booked So Sienna through booking.com for a very special evening meeting family 2 minutes down the road. On arrival at 7.45pm there was nobody at reception, just a note on the door telling us they would return in 10 minutes. When the receptionist returned he said ""bad news, we are overbooked we do not have a room for you"".   We were due to meet our family at 8pm a few metres down the road so this was extremely disappointing. We were then told we could be relocated into their Battersea property and they would pay for a taxi to get there (just one way). This was extremely inconvenient as our dinner was planned for 8pm with family in the area we booked to stay and we had also chosen the apartment due to its location near Hammersmith station as my fiance had to get a tube to…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or30-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Place is nice but the management need to improve a lot,"I stayed in this apartment for 13 nights. And I have mixed reviews about the property. If I talk about the location, it is 5-7 minutes walking from Hammersmith Tube station, which is good. Even the room I was staying in was Luxury Studio and was a spacious room. However I had some small and big issues during my stay. 1. Some massive boiler pipe got burst on 3rd Floor and hot boiling water was flowing from 3rd floor till ground floor. It was not in my room but it was in adjacent room. But due to the safety concerns, we shifted to a temporary room, approx at midnight.  2. After 2 days of stay, a small AC placed in my room stopped working. And upon complaining the same to the reception, I got a reply that ""Complaint has been noted but the maintenance guy will come next day. As this…",Date of stay: August 2018,2.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or30-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Could be massively improved,"Booked this place due to its close proximity to the Apollo. The area was pleasant and seemed safe and quiet. First impressions were good thanks to the lovely staff who greeted us.  The room was a good size but very tired looking. There were stains all over the carpets, the kitchenette cupboards looked like they'd been chewed by a gang of puppies and were all damaged along the bottom. The object calling itself a sofa was so old and worn than you sank into the framework as soon as you sat on it and had to repeatedly pull the cushions back out!  Am I right in thinking this place is a 4 star?? Surely that is a joke - that's an insult to other 4 star hotels!  To be fair it served a purpose and I wouldn't say it was a terrible experience but it is NOT 4 star quality, more 2 star so…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or30-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",So Sienna So Terrible,"When my wife and I arrived we were given keys to the wrong room then we were sent to a room already occupied the only rooms left were a small clostrophobic room on the roof which was way too hot or an unfinished room at the rear of the property - we opted for that because it was cooler. As it was in an unfinished area electric was off for most of the day, it was noisy due to Work being carried out.  This was a horrible experience I would not risk going there again.",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or35-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Walk away. Book somewhere else,"As long as somewhere is clean and safe I’m generally easy going. This was neither.  Broken loose tiles on steps to entrance to apartments was dodgy. Walking past stained mattress in corridor on way to apartment, whilst electric cupboards open to all - should have been warning tell tale signs. Then - into an awful scent probably to hide the worn and tired decor, broken fittings, stained furniture and rotten floorboards with holes in on patio. We literally slept on bed and that was all as it wasn’t pleasant.   No acknowledgement from So Sienna or response to emails.   Pictures obviously taken some years ago.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or35-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Don’t stay here,Unsafe area near balcony of 15ft drop to concrete by stairs with no lighting - breach of health and safety. Air con pumping hot air and no thermostat to control this. Not helpful in 28 degree summer heat. No loo roll (seriously). Sheets didn’t fit the bed or duvet and pillows in cover so serious discomfort. No mirror in room. When raised concerns these were ALL entirely ignored. No customer service response whatsoever despite offering 6 days to resolve after stay. Appalling experience.,Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or35-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Avoid,"Stupidly I booked So Sienna Hammersmith and then checked out the trip advisor reviews – but at least it meant we were mentally prepared for an awful experience…  When we check in we were shown out the main hotel to a house around the corner on overstone road – the room 2b (ground floor at back) was tiny, smelt really bad of damp, was in an awful condition and no hob in the kitchenette area.  We checked our booking as we had ordered a “luxury studio 1 bedroom” which should at least come with a hob! We walked back to reception to confirm if that was really the room we booked. We then got shown to two other rooms we could also choose. We were shown another room in the house on overstone road – room 3a (first floor front) – much bigger room than 2b, included a 4 person table to sit…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or35-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",FAULTY towers ,"Where do I start we arrived for check in we had no Electricity only light none of the sockets worked our room was dirty with previous guests hair still on bedding and on cabinet. Nothing worked . We informed staff we were offered another place 30 min drive away our gig was at 7 only around the corner this was not convenient we asked for a refund and we would leave , this was refused we stayed there was electricity on return at midnight we left around 8 still none then !! But still no air con the guy from reception was being pulled around like Manuel up on ladders trying to fix air conditioning units the rooms down stairs were accessible with wires hanging from the walls and electricity cupboard open with trip switches and leads everywhere (worse fire HAZARD I've ever seen ) . We…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or35-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Shambles: disorganised, things don't work, half finished.","Disorganised - although there is a kitchen there are no implements to cook a meal, no pots/pans, no kitchen knives, no tea towel, etc etc. I asked for these on my first night nothing was done about it. I needed an iron, none in either room which I stayed in. I asked for one, a dirty iron turned up with no ironing board. Took another trip to reception to get what I needed. I wanted a receipt, 'printer doesn't work, we will email one', it took a follow up email and 2 trips to the reception to get one.  Things don't work - looks like they have had a cowboy builder in, put some finishes in which look good on the photos and now everything is falling apart. I stayed in 2 different rooms, neither TV worked, I asked for this to be fixed both times, nothing happened, no feedback and no…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or40-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Not Recommended,"Apartment is nothing like the official picture it's very basic and in need of refurbishment. Construction work across the road and general noise of cars buses etc passing by will likely keep you awake. My apartment had no hot water only aware this morning; will report on my way out. The reception is a small cupboard. The young man was very pleasant but, working in a cupboard can't be the best environment and doesn't give a good impression. I won't stay here again.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or40-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Not as expected ,"As we arrived first of all, they want to give us a room on the 3rd floor, where there's no elevator in the hotel, also there are no air conditioning available and that floor is too hot because the corridor ceiling is equipped with overhead glasses, the sun heat was all over that floor and you feel like you are inside an oven.  Luckily the receptionist gave us another room on the ground floor, but because there was no A/C and it was sunny and hot those days, we had to use an air cooler, that was not working properly, instead of cooling it was heating up the room till the temperature inside the room reached 30 deg I  When complained to the receptionist, one after another for 3 days, they kept using their professional ways and tricks to reduce our anger and giving promises to get…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or40-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Total scam,"So Sienna would rate as the worst hotel experience I have ever had in a first world country where we presume there are things in place to stop an establishment from presenting themselves as something it is not. So Sienna was sold to us by Priceline as a 4 star hotel which it was so very far from. It was a disgrace and a total pit. The first room we were shown to was in an old converted house in a side street. The security was open but I doubt any self respecting criminal would have entered. The carpets were filthy and barely fitting in places. The room was disgustingly shabby bedsit complete with filthy windows,mould on the window frames which complimented the mould on the bathroom ceiling and tiles, the sliding toilet door was swinging off the bottom runner and there were half…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or40-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",DO NOT BOOK,"I booked to go here and due to personal reasons had to cancel. The hotel states free cancellation so I thought it wouldn’t be a problem. How wrong was I....... the hotel still tried to take the money and when I contacted them they said they hadn’t received the cancellation through booking.com, he then checked his system and confirmed it was cancelled but he would have to cancel my payment and I would need to wait 5 working days to receive my money back. I then spoke to Booking.com who advised that when you cancel through the app it is sent straight to the hotel. Booking.com then went on to tell me that in the fine print it says, that the hotel has the right to charge the customer the first nights stay as soon as the booking is made. Ok, then why was the money taken  a week after…",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or40-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS - DANGER TO CHILDREN,"Awful 3 night stay here, the first night we stayed the radiator was on full blast with no way of knowing which way to turn the dials on the radiator because they’d been painted over, even after 2 hours of being turned off at the wall the radiator was still boiling to the point it would burn your skin on touch.   There was a 2 inch gap under the door entering the room, enough so that you could pop your phone camera against the gap and have a pretty decent view into the bedroom, making you a target for perverts to watch you sleep.   The shower head had been ripped from the wall on arrival, this was bearable because a bath was provided, however the plug for the bath was nowhere to be seen making baths/showers unavailable.   No clean sheets or towels provided each day, the toilet…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or45-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Perfect accomodation and service from Manager ...,"I felt like I should take time to review so sienna .. I travel to London weekly and require accommodation ,, having previously used the Lamington apartment group I came across so sienna and booked last year ,,,I was impressed with the service from Sina who it turns out is the manager and I cannot praise this gentleman enough .. he goes over and above and I have now fully switched my loyalty to So Sienna ..  the rooms are beautifully fitted out and I feel with recent upgrades that so sienna is very modern and most importantly comfortable ..   I would highly recommend so sienna and thank Sina and the team for making my stay so effortless and enjoyable ..",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or45-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Fantastic sevice - manager is super helpful,I love staying here and stay here on a weekly basis. The Manager Sina is so super helpful with anything I ask for and always goes above and beyond for his guest to ensure their stay is comfortable. Cannot recommend highly enough,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or45-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Amazing room,"I stayed in a one bedroom apartment for 5 nights and would definitely stay here again. It had everything I needed and more. the room was fully refurbished, the bed was so comfy, the shower was great and the free wifi  As I walked to the apartment from the tube, I walked past all the other apartments I looked at online on the same street and I am so pleased I chose this one. The staff were so friendly and helpful. Couldn't recommend it enough!",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or45-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",TERRIBLE,"We stayed for one night on 16th December. Allegedly all the rooms were taken in the main building and so we were given a room around the corner in an 'annex' ... Classic 'bait & switch'. The first room had a blocked sink and was very dirty and scruffy. When we complained were moved to another room in the same annex, which was no better, plus the ancient heater did not work and the room was freezing cold and damp.   Upon leaving, I told the Duty Manager we wished to lodge a formal complaint and was told to e-mail the Reservations Manager. I have since done so twice and received no reply whatsoever. I cannot say this surprises me, as it was clear they don't care. The photos they use on their website must be years old as the place is clapped out.  God knows how this dump is rated…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or45-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Very nice place ,I stayed in So sienna for 5 weeks and there is absolutely nothing I could complain about. Stuff was really friendly. My room was very clean and nice and cosy. There is a nice garden area in front of the building. I had an amazing stay over there. ,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or50-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Needs work!,"I stayed for 9 nights with my 6 year old. The deluxe room was a good size and comfortable but the carpet was heavily stained and gave an awful first impression, especially when it is described as 'luxury'. The shower was awful as it is tiny and there's nothing worse than a shower curtain sticking to you!! There's also no place to put your soap or shower gel etc in the shower!!  The TV screen is tiny. The kitchenette is ok. The staff were good and helpful and the location is great, felt safe and close to everything, tube, train, shops etc but the worse thing would have to be the cleaning or lack if it. In my 9 nights I have had to ask for the room to be cleaned, towels changed etc twice, as they don't do it automatically. After asking I got clean towels, beds made but the…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or50-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Reservation in hand, was sent elsewhere","I had made a reservation several weeks earlier, but upon arrival, was told there were maintenance issues, and that if I wanted lodging in London, I'd have to travel to one of their affiliated locations. Supposedly, they could not contact me via email because they didn't have my email address, even though I booked online. And supposedly they called me, but I received no phone message. Very deceitful company.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or50-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Outrageous - a crime racket - avoid,"Avoid this hotel. It is an absolute disaster. For a start, it doesn’t look anything like the photos, in real life it looks insect infested, filthy, and crumbling. More like a one or two star hotel than a four. The staff are also extremely rude and unhelpful. I booked two nights (Friday and Saturday) because my flight was arriving at 6am on Saturday morning and I didn’t want to wait until 2pm for check in, so I thought I would be careful and book two nights (at a cost of nearly £200). I got in at around 7am and was told that because I didn’t check in before midnight, my entire booking had been cancelled (both nights!), they had rented out the room to a new customer at 2am, and I wouldn’t be given the room even for the second night, with no refund. I was therefore put in the…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or50-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Poor quality,"This hotel likes to presents itslef as a high standard place. Actually these are rooms in a house that have cheap fixtures and fittings. Cabinet doors broken, toilet seat borken, bath tub rusted, tiny sink, TV located on the site won't let you wtach it comfortably, no pleace so sit and work decently, thin curtants that will let all the enlighted basement light in... This is not Worth £125.The positive note is that the bed was clean and comfortable, free efficient internet.",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or50-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Not really a Deluxe Suite - hopeless, smelly and terrible","Well, I was waiting a bit before I wrote the review to give the owners a fair chance of replying to my complaints. A week has passed. They will get a one star rating.  Plus side:  Close to the Hammersmith Tube stations and easy to get to from Heatrow. Fairly cheap. Moderately sized room and not too shabby shower with quite recent and updated tiling. The staff tried making an effort to help, but that was more like band-aid for a broken arm/foot. Not really enough.  Downsides:  Not really clean, non-working fridge, broken faucet in the shower (got scalded...), SMELLY as H***. We arrived late in the evening, it was hot so we appreciated that the windows of our room were open. Dropped off luggage and went for a bite and a drink. Came back, closed the windows, brushed our teeth and…",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or55-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Absolute hell!,"This hotel advertises itself as 4* luxury, when in fact it is the complete opposite! I got lead to my ""deluxe studio apartment"" which was not in the main building, but outside around the corner and in a building with the most disgusting smell and a broken door lock!   The room itself was something that most students would turn their noses up at! Stained walls, bedsheets and cupboards! The tv and heating did not work, there was one plug socket in the whole room, and the hair dryer provided was half melted, broken and hadn't been tested by an electrician since 2011!   I was on the ground floor of he building, extremely worried that i was in London staying the night in a very dodgy hotel and had a window lock along with the main door to the building being left unlocked and wide…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or55-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Pathetic and horrible experience,"I have booked the apartment after looking at the pics of the apartment for 13 nights in early march. The issues I faced:  1. Got the studio apartment at top floor on 3rd floor which they call it as 2nd floor. Even after repeated requests, they did not change my apartment. I could not believe the apartments are fully booked for all 13 nights 2. The apartment was small which was ok to start with 3. On first day itself, I saw small mosquitos in the apartment which I ignored in the first day but the next day, while starting my dinner when I saw those in my dish plate, I complained. Manager said he does not have another room but will make sure to clean the apartment. The cleaner had come and cleaned the apartment next morning but that did not resolve the issue when I saw the…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or55-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Appalling, dirty & poorly maintained ","Wished I'd read the reviews more carefully pre going to this dreadful accommodation. In summary, exceptionally dirty carpets throughout, wall damage, hole at A/C unit to fresh air, cracked/broken/loose tiles in bathroom & kitchen area. No locks on low opening windows. Single bed for kid at electrical socket & right at the easily opened window.  I cannot describe the disgusting state of the single mattress & could easily feel the springs in the Double mattress. Don't try & complain as you'll get nowhere on repeat emails, or phone!",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or55-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Great place to say. ,"Upon arrival we were told that we would have to stay at a hotel in Kilburn, we insisted we stayed at So Sienna because we were attending the Hammersmith Apollo, 2 minutes away rather that 5 miles!.  We insisted we stayed at So Sienna or they pay ALL out taxi journeys.  They allowed us to stay.  Once in our rooms it was a very exceptional room.  Comfortable bed, cooking facilities, nice bathroom and clean & quiet.  Highly recommend once past reception!",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or55-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Horrible and no heating, do not bring children","Don't bother booking here unless it is an absolute last resort. Walked in to find the room shabby and run down. The carpet is covered in stains and you get the feeling it's had only the most superficial clean. I spotted an old fag end just under our bed (pictured). Worse still there is absolutely no heating. From the other reviews I can see this has been a problem for much longer than the ""three days"" the manager told us. The room was absolutely freezing and the electric heaters we were given completely inadequate.",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or60-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Nice place....,"These Apartments have had bad reviews.. at one point we nearly canceled!! But i am so happy we didn't. Myself and my friend booked a studio flat .we had free upgrade to one bed room apartment, We arrived early that was no problem the manager was so helpful he said the room was not ready we could put our luggage in the room..  the living/kitchen area was large with dinning area plus plasma tv the room was very clean,we were delighted with our stay at the So Sienna and staff were so helpful.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or60-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE,"I stayed at the SO Sienna apartment on a whilst working in Hammersmith at the end of November, my colleagues and I checked in to find the central heating was not working we informed reception who played dumb to start then said they had an engineer on the way and provided us with one electric heater which was to be used to warm up the whole apartment.. we tried in vain to position the heater somewhere that could warm both the bedroom and lounge but failed, this resulted in cold / lukewarm showers in a icebox of a bathroom and 3 of us sleeping fully clothed with coats on in bed to keep warm that night. The following morning I complained to reception and  asked to be refunded or compensated for the inconvenience only be told there was nothing they would do other than offer me a 10%…",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or60-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Small Hotel with Lesser Facilties,"The hotel is an apartment style and it has minimum facilities compared to the price charged by them. Also there is no lift so for the rooms allocated on 1st, 2nd and 3rd floors the guest will have to carry luggage all the way up.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or60-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Terrible.,"I stayed in So Sienna for 3 weeks on a business trip. I did not like anything here except it's location. Hotel is at walking distance to the nearest hammersmith tube station.  Hotel has 3 floors and does not have any lift. You will definitely have problems if you have heavy luggage.   I got the Studio apartment and found broken tiles in bathroom, non working room heater and toaster, Stained carpet, very small kitchen with few utensils which were not enough if you want to cook.  Room is cleaned everyday third day and toilet paper, soap etc are provided every third day only and that too bare minimum. If you need anything in between then you have to contact reception. The cleaning is not up to the mark. Table provided in the room was never cleaned.  The electrician can knock the…",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or60-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Front door would not close!,"I have stayed here before and even given a fairly positive review but this time it was a very poor experience. The main problem was that I had to taken to the annex building just around the corner in which my room was situated, the night porter showed me the way and I presumed he shut the door of that building behind him. The next morning I had to leave early and found the front door to the side street would not close, the lock was not working. I went back to the main building to tell the night porter, at around 0630hrs. When I returned after a long day the annex door was still not closed, so the half a dozen rooms in that block had been open to the outside world all day. When I checked out the next morning I told the night porter what I thought of their security arrangements,…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or65-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Good for a Small Stay,This is an apartment style hotel and you get basic facilities as needed along with kitchenette and other day to day necessary items. The hotel was quite clean but there is no lift and if you are moving in with heavy luggage it becomes really difficult to move them up or down.,Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or65-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",So sienna means terror house,"I booked at So sienna for a week, went there with my son (9) who is asthmatic, many days before to go I contact them  through booking.com to make sure that everything would be clean and tidy, they emailed me and assured me that I would enjoy my stay. What was my surprise when I saw my apartment! I thought I was going to die, it was very dirty, smelled bad, broken tiles in the bathroom, stained carpet, dust, insects, hairs in bed... They changed my apartment coz I could not stay there, the next one had stuck sink bathroom and the plumber came over to try to sort  it out and the whole apartment was full of toxic smoke because of the product he used to clean it. They changed again my apartment and it had not  hot water so could not take shower and the main door stucked and I had to…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or65-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Never book here,I booked to stay here with my 6 year old son for two nights. When we arrived told no room and they had been trying to contact that day. Room booked and paid for 6 weeks earlier. Offered their sister hotel in Kilburn which was not suitable for our purpose. We wanted to be in Hammersmith. Asked for refund. Receptionist refused saying it was a non refundable booking. I pointed out they were in breach of the contract by being unable to provide the room booked. Eventually agreed to refund and I booked another hotel not too far away. However two weeks on we have not received any refund or replies to emails or calls. And remain put of pocket.  Book here at your own very real risk.,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or65-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Please listen to bad reviews.  Do NOT book.  If already booked cancel.,"Before I begin I am not a person who likes complaining or is a nuisance in restaurants or hotels.   But then again I had never been to so sienna before... Upon entering the hotel the reception took me and my partner to the next Street down to a separate building which felt unusual. We were shown to our room and then he disappeared very sharply presumably to avoid the disappointment on our faces. First and foremost I booked a double executive apartment which is not the cheapest room they do in order to have a kitchen.  My room did not have a kitchen.  At all. Not even a kettlIe.  I went back to the reception and he said that there is nothing he could do as they were fully booked and third party websites, photographs and descriptions can be mis leading. (With a sneer) This is…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or65-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",What on earth,"I booked this through Expedia's Mystery hotel feature. This permits you to specify the minimum star rating (4 stars) and the area (London, Hammersmith). The area was entirely accurate and the star rating entirely inaccurate. Really, this place deserves one star at the most. The floor was so unfinished (including metal strips that had not been nailed down) that you needed boots to walk around without the risk of injury. The furniture was broken. The room and bathroom needed redecoration. Whoever gave it four stars must have been hallucinating.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or70-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Terrible!,"I booked this hotel for a concert at the Apollo, I booked two rooms and apon arrival I was told that there was a maintanence issue with one of the rooms and the room was not suitable to stay in. They told me that they had been trying to contact me on the day of arrival but had no missed calls on my phone or no answer phone messages. He told me that they could accommodate us in there sister hotel at the other side of London (the point of booking this hotel was the close proximity to the concert venue).  The only other option the hotel offered was to put myself and my dad in the same room and turn it into a twin.   The service from the hotel staff was very poor and not considerate of the predicament we were now in.  This was also evident when I highlighted to them that they were…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or70-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",DO NOT BOOK THESE APARTMENTS,Booked 2 nights in Oct to visit my student son who lives in Hammersmith. Upon arrival my daughter and l were informed that there was a maintenance problem with our room and that they were offering us an alternative room at their sister property in KILBURN- miles away?!! Naturally l refused the transfer so he offered me a cancellation that he wasn't going to charge for?!! I felt l should really have been offered some compensation. Oh and yes he would process my refund via Expedia and l would have to chase it back myself from them. He refused to put any of this info in an email. Very unprofessional and unimpressive.  Managed to book an alternative hotel in the area myself at the last minute and did receive my refund through my booking agent. Altogether a disastrous start to our…,Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or70-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","average experience, saved by good customer service","Summary: This could have been an average experience, but it ended up being not so bad thanks to good customer service. I would consider staying here again next time.  I was in London on business for 3 weeks and this serviced apartment was booked by my office. I couldn't help but be unnerved by all the other reviews for this place on the internet - but decided to take a first-hand look before panicking.   Location - Hammersmith is a great place to stay. Great shopping options nearby (2-3 shopping malls within walking distance) and restaurants with many cuisines give you a wide range of activities near your stay.  - LHR airport is a short drive (30 min) away, and a direct underground line exists from Hammersmith Tube station. - Hammersmith Tube is a short walk away and trains…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or70-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Would stay again even though not the best place I've ever stayed.,"We stayed in the Hammersmith So Sienna .. the location is great,  very close to the station, shops,  bars/pubs and places to eat. Lovely little out door area with a fountain, seating and plants.  There was a security door so unless buzzed in or key access you couldn't enter along with security cameras and a 24 hour concierge., you felt quite safe. The staff were really nice and very helpful.. our room was on the top floor so many many stairs but it was good exercise.. He room itself was large enough for the 2 I of us and airy,  the bed was comfortable,  2 singles push together but very comfy and large.pillows were good also. There were towels and utensils and cookware along with a microwave oven which worked well and a TV on the wall. The bins were emptied daily and all you has…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or70-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Friendly, comfortable, kind, clean, and spacious hotel","We stayed at the SO Sienna for nearly two weeks, and we found our apartment extremely comfortable and spacious. We had two large rooms, two bathrooms, and a working kitchen. Everything was clean. I had enough space to do yoga in the living room, even while the sofabed was unfolded. Our daughter slept in the living room on the sofabed and we slept in the bedroom. It was very quiet. The cleaning lady was sweet and polite. The man at the front desk. Sina, was extraordinarily helpful and kind. We were in a tough spot, as we stayed at this hotel while flat-hunting. And he allowed us to extend our stay for several days when we hadn't found somewhere. They also stored our suitcases (all nine of them!) for us and were helpful in a dozen other ways. We have no complaints about this hotel…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or75-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Oh No Sienna!!!!,"Due to work, I often have to book last minute hotel rooms which in the past, has landed me a good deal. In fact, I cannot remember a room that has not lived up to or exceeded expectations…  Until now! Before I even start to review the “Studio” (as detailed in the documented confirmation of booking that I have retained), I anticipate there are no words to relay the utter awfulness of this experience & strongly advise that people stay well clear despite the “Limited Time Offer. Super Hot Deal” that may be promised. I arrived at Reception to be greeted by two very charming members of staff. The booking-in process went very smoothly before being shown to my Studio Apartment located in a building just around the corner. To begin with, the main hallway front door was not fitted…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or75-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",A big mistake to book here.,"36 narrow, winding stairs to our apartment; a workman painting stair walls and timber balustrade as we arrived and for the following day or so necessitating feet being caught up in a tarpaulin! No elevator.  'Reception' desk was in a cupboard-size alcove off entrance floor about one sq metre in size. During the eleven nights we were there the intercom from our room to front reception was not operational; no attempt was made to remedy the situation. Reception desk rarely attended, my friend resident in Devon tried on three occasions to leave message for us, to no avail - no message was relayed to us. Service zilch - we asked three times for a teatowel even leaving note in kitchen, never acquired one. Wash-up equipment on arrival was a pre-used dirty sponge plus a watered-down…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or75-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Terrible , damp and dirty ",Stayed there for 3nights . The room door is practically coming off . Stain in towers . Shower door leak so the floor was wet . The foot tower was soaking wet and no replacement for a dry one . Extractor fan doesn't work . Room was very dirty and dusty . Kitchen (if you can call it kitchen) cupboard was very damp and smell . Cleaner only comes in to empty bin . Tea and coffee was not replace and the tea bags feels very damp too so we didn't even use them . There are spider webs and 4big spiders as well as mosquitoes in the room . List goes on and on . AVOID  So Sienna .,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or75-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",So don't bother,"Oh foolish me, ignoring the warnings of other reviewers. I booked this hotel for it's location and because of promises of a kitchenette, thus allowing my partner and I to save some money and prepare food at home. Was there a kitchenette? Was the location good? Who knows...  At around 10.30 on the morning of our arrival, I was informed of problems with the pipes, meaning my room was not available. They could provide me with a 'luxury' apartment some way away in Battersea. Not good enough, I said, I specifically needed to be in Hammersmith. No problem, they said, we'll move some other guest.   Hmmm, I thought, I'm sure those other guests will be delighted to be moved...  At about 3pm, whilst I was on my way to the hotel, I received a call saying that the other guests refused to go…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or75-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Nice location, terrible apartments","Apologies for the delay in reviewing, we have been trying to raise our issues with the company and have been ignored. changed room on arrival due to broken tv. Although it appeared the room had been upgraded the bullet points are this - no lock on second floor window next to child's bed which had a filthy stained mattress and no protector! Furnishings were shabby and stained, especially carpets, keep your shoes on at all times! Tiles throughout were loose or broken and we couldn't get the oven to work and no instructions. Too many issues to recount, would definately NOT recommend! Also because of poor customer service would steer clear of company entirely!",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or80-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Not so luxurious!,Great location for central London trip as near tube station.  However these 'luxury' apartments were certainly lacking a certain something - we stayed in a basement one bedroom apartment. On the positive the place was clean with two good bathrooms and crisp linen. However the carpeted floor was very shabby - first impressions really do count guys!! Also the bed had seen better days and my husband and I kept rolling into the huge dip in the middle. Finally the place was poorly lit with a distinct lack of mirrors - great difficulties applying my make up!!!,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or80-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Stay away from So Sienna!!!,"I traveled to London, UK via Paris, France with my wife and almost two-year-old son. We booked a four-night stay in May 2016 on the Hotels.com website. It was a same-day booking so in away we were desperate for a place to stay. Since the hotel is classified by the said booking site as a four-star hotel, we did not bother checking online reviews -- HUGE mistake!!!  We arrived in London tired and with a crying tot in tow. The booking was made at approximately 3:00 PM and not even an hour later, we arrived at So Sienna. It took me five minutes to look for as in literally look for front desk (if that may even be called one) staff. I was dismayed upon learning that there is no elevator and that our room is in the third floor. A very old, dated, smelly building with a steep staircase…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or80-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","damp, dirty, dark and barely habitable - stay in a real hotel instead!","My wife and I opted for an apartment rather than a hotel room, as we wanted a space for our two-year-old son to roam where we could feel at home during our two-day visit to meet friends in London.  We tried many times throughout the day of our arrival to ring the contact telephone number (a mobile) listed on the third-party booking web site so that we could arrange our arrival; there was never any answer and we never received a call back.  At the end of the day with our son getting sleepy we decided just to turn up.  Reception informed us that the number that we'd been given was an old one.  Only when we were shown to the flat did we discover that it was a basement flat.  The musty, mouldy stench assaulted our nostrils the moment the door swung open.  The carpets were so grey…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or80-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Stay in hammersmith,"Stayed overnight in So Sienna in Hammersmith.  Was pleasantly surprised as we expected a studio, but got a bedroom and seperate living area.  The decoration was very modern and the area pretty quiet.  Would stay there again",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or80-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",clean but not 4 star,"Just returned from a weekend at so sienna and I agree with a lot of the comments above however this would depend on the apartment you were given.  Our apartment looked like a one armed man had completed the diy with the best intentions but very little skill.  For example the laminate flooring was half edged, the shower cubicle leaked all over the floor, the tiles were considerably dodgy, the towel rail was at a severe slant, the bedroom light was there but no socket to plug it into, the fridge did not work, the kettle did not work, there was no toilet roll holder, the bathroom door was taped up and the tiles were all cracked.  Having said all that I could not fault the cleanliness of the towels and bedding.  The location was superb but purchase of a book on DIY would not go a…",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or85-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",The Worst,"The description is a complete lie.  1st they gave me a bed in a room with nothing else, I complained, then got basically a bed in a kitchen NOT an apartment.  Water leaked from the light in shower there was no OnDemand, No DVD player, No Iron, nothing.  They call them 'lavishly appointed apartments' which is false advertising in my opinion.  Horrid Horrid experience",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or85-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Good value,"I was staying in so sienna apartments last week my room was on the basement, the room was nice actually we had the garden as well, the place is very close to Hammersmith station and also to shopping centre, The reception was open 24 hours and staff was very helpful we did not have any issue in room jut The TV was too complicated to get Channel but was fine. Thank you and hopefully see you again.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or85-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Excellent home base in london,"The location was very close to Hammersmith station and they staff was very friendly, the check in time is 2pm but we was arrive really morning and our apartment was ready our studio flat was on the top floor but The room was very nice and good value and we had a good time in so sienna apartments. Do not believe bad reviews.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or85-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Dreadful,We booked this apartment with free cancellation and therefore should not have taken payment until arrival instead they took it instantly. When I tried to cancel we had weeks of phone calls and trying to get refund which was full of empty promises and lies. I had to seek help from Booking.com who were very helpful but was still a lengthy process to recover my money. Avoid at all costs !!!!!!!!,Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or85-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Apartment,I read all the reviews about these apartment and was not looking forward to seeing them they made a mess of the booking has I booked 3apartment but they did change them for us has there were 10of us the apartment were better than I had read so was quite surprised not 5star but they were clean we didn't stay in them all day has we were sightseeing there were tea coffee etc the entrance good do with a good clean and refurbished has could all the apartment  Would I stay there again No simply reason the stairs  All I can say is people want 5star for 2star payment,Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or90-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Ideal location very friendly staff,"I have stayed at theses apartments on a couple of occasions. This time I was with my 82 year old mother and my 2 daughters who are in their 30s.  I rang reception ahead of or stay to request a ground floor room as my mother isn't too good on stairs. I could not have asked for a more friendly or helpful response. We were given a ground floor room and everything was perfect.   When we arrived ahead of check In time we were able to leave our bags until our room was serviced.  The location is perfect for a stay in Hammersmith, short walk to tube and bus stations and many bars and restaurants shops nearby. Takes about 20 minutes from kings cross   (a lot of which is actually  overground so not too bad for anyone who dosn't  like undergound and it's direct - no changes )  There is…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or90-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Worst experience till date,"I don't have a problem with the location as it is very central and near the station and supermarkets. The place is like any other hotel you'll find in places like Paddington but it is the service where this facility lost me. I have stayed there for well around two weeks. Some of the people at the desk were helpful but it's not their fault that the administration behind it runs it on a low budget. I say this because despite the fact they are ""fully serviced"", this service takes place every three days. For some odd reason the cleaning ladies like to barge in even when your room is locked and you are inside it, not to mention providing a do not disturb card would've been helpful. The cleaning services are next to useless.  The building I suspect is old so you can make out each step…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or90-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Do not recommend, health hazzard","I was very excited to stay here for our week away in London. The pictures I'd seen looked lovely and I had heard good things about so sienna chains.  When we arrived we found it difficult for parking.  The man on the desk didn't acknowledge that we had arrived but did unlock the door when we walked up the stairs. The stair ways are so thin and the carpets were grubby. When we arrived to our room our excitement disappeared. The room was not as described, it was tiny. The draws were broken and the kitchen was unequiped and not useful at all.  The toilet was so small that there was no room to turn around in it.  The bed was fine though.  So as this was a weeks yay this was no acceptable, so my boyfriend went down to go and see if we could get a different room. They immediately gave…",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or90-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Not too shabby ,"The hotel was quite modern inside and good decor, the sofa did make us laugh as it looked like a mistreated dog. The bed was comfy and bath facilities were good, it wasn't the cleanest nor the warmest but for the price I'm happy with my stay. Wouldn't book for full price and the receptionist must be a time Lord as that ""back in 5 mins"" sign was misleading...  Still waiting to hand my key in!! Where are you!?  ... Beds also very creaky, it's like something out of a comedy.  Still, 4/5 AINT TO SHABBY.  I'm leaving my keys on the door handle in reception because we've got places to be and it's been over 30mins...  Cheers!",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or90-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Good location,My partner and I came to London on the National Express coach to see Billy Connolly in the Apollo theatre. The hotel was 5min walk from the coach stop and even closer to the venue. We went out for the brekfast the following morning. Very friendly staff.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or95-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Avoid it!,"The place has a nice location close to the subway and to several      Supermarkets, it is quite in a good position to visit London and is  not expensive, but... It's definitely dirty. The carpet had several stains not only in the kitchen but also in the bedroom and the heating was not safe; my baby got burned the first nightas they are electrical. Unfortunately te radiator in the bathroom did not work and the room was pretty cold. From the windows the air filtered and int the windy night the room was definitely noisy. More than that there was a second bathroom inthe flat which was closed but it was so cold that you could not stand close to it. More than that the wood of the windows but also in thekitchen and at the base of the bathroom sink was spoiled by water leaking. Finally…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or95-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Unimpressed,The maid service didn't do anything but take out the trash. I had to get our clean towels each day. The first room had a foul oder and the washer/dryer didn't work. The kitchen had minimal cookware that was well worn. The staff was helpful though. We don't recommend it.,Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or95-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",This Hotel has stolen £527.04 from me. Do NOT use them.,"This hotel has stolen £527.04 from my account through booking.com.  I have contacted my bank fraud team, the Ombudsman and the police. I booked 4 rooms for a school trip next MARCH 2016. Unfortunately within 24 hrs I had to cancel the rooms.  I cancelled in less than 24 hrs and with just over 4 months notice.  I was able to cancel 1 room but not the last 3. I phoned the hotel to cancle and was told that I would probably have to pay a penalty fee - they went ahead a took the whole lot whilst refusing to cancel the booking. Maybe a small fee I could except but the whole £527.04, just before Christmas? Please send my families and my 3 children's thanks to your team and the manager of the hotel for ruining our Christmas. ",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or95-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Wouldn't recommend at all! Will not be returning!,"I do normally complain but I felt as if I need to make others aware!!   Arrived here Thursday 10 December with my partner just for a night away. The apartment room was ok, definitely requires some TLC and I'm glad we were only stayed for the night! We were location in room 4001 downstairs.. Around 3:30am when we were sleeping, we were woke to people coming home after a night out, shouting, doors banging directly above us and the room next to us..And this continued all night, until 8am in the morning! People were coming and going, shouting, playing music and swearing, to the point you could here word for word what they were saying! Needless to say we didn't get any sleep!  In the morning we asked to see the manager, he was apparently out but said about our awful stay and that we…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or95-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",All Night Sex Party,"My wife and I stayed here on Saturday 28th November 2015 with our two children. Thankfully it was a one night stay and we checked out the following day in an extremely distressed state. First things first, when we arrived at approximately 4pm on Saturday we discovered that there was no hot water! The purpose of our visit to London was to celebrate a 40th birthday. The whole family were attending the party and after a long journey from Yorkshire, we all needed to shower before getting dressed for the party. We were unable to do so. We complained to the on duty member of staff who informed us that there was some plumbing work taking place.  Having returned to So Sienna following the party, at around midnight , our experience only became worse. What can only be described as an…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or100-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Rent a room by the hour type of place!!,"There was no hot water available for a shower after our long journey We had to go to a family party feeling dirty and weary. The shower came off the wall when we tried it. They allowed a party of 6 people to continue all night above us until 8:30 am next morning even after we complained to the ""24"" hour staff. We got no sleep and could hear music from these 4 men and 2 women who were being being ""sexually active"" and shouting and screaming with each other all night. We put food to cook on the kitchen work surfaces and hundreds of ants invaded it...!!! Absolute nightmare.. Renting rooms by the hour type of place, not a family hotel at all!!",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or100-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Great aparmtnet,"I stayed here in Oct 2014 with 3 other people for 1 night due to going to a show at the Apollo. We booked 2 double rooms, when we checked in we were told we were being upgraded (no idea why) and shown to our rooms. They were big spacious apartments. Bedroom and ensuite and a sitting and kitchen area. We loved the size of the rooms and the space, and everything was tidy and clean. The only problem was the oven didn't work in one room but we used it in another. I don't know whether we were just very lucky in the rooms we got as do not understand the bad reviews, I could have easily stayed there for more than 1 night. Had no problems and enjoyed the stay, would stay again providing could have the same room as before! ",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or100-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Quite bad place. Not worth the money you pay.,"The room was old fashioned, dirty and not good for four persons as promised. Things are broken and in bad shape. The heater was not running. No cleaning, no toilet paper. The bathroom was moldy. However the service was friendly, the area is nice and it just an jump to Hammersmith Station. We are not coming back.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or100-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Convenient location, basic standard","Travelling with my family,  needed a reasonable hotel this time. I I found this one with a kitchen and two large rooms. We booked it via Hotels.com but read the reviews afterwards at Trip Advisor and worried about what kind of a place was waiting for us. I was expecting a smelly, filthy place, because of the reviews I have read. It wasn't too bad actually. The sheets were clean, the bathroom was clean, no bad smell. OK, some tiles were broken, some lamps needed to be changed, and yes, the sofa  bed should be replaced, but it was livable. You can see the run-down furniture in the pictures. Don't expect a 4-star hotel but it's a good starting point for a short stay. They have changed our sheets once during the 4 days stay and took out the garbage every day. Staff was friendly,…",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or100-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",What you'd expect for £60 per night ,"Apartment was clean except for the sofa, that looked filthy and I didn't really want to sit on it. Old sofa which you sank into when you did sit down. Kitchen is equipped with the very basics, no tea towels! Had to use one of the bathroom towels. Some of the floor tiles in the kitchen were broken but otherwise ok. TV is dreadful, tiny thing mounted to the wall that you can barely hear from the sofa even when turned up to the max. Bedroom was clean but the mattress was in serious need of replacing. My fiancé and I spent the night rolling into each other because it dipped do much in the middle and the springs dig in to your hips. Fine for one night but couldn't have stayed longer. Weren't asked how our stay was when we checked out so was unable to feed any of this back. ",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or105-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",disappointed,"The pictures does not reflect the proper rooms. The room we got were large enough but was run down, and in dire need of a loving hand. We stayed there for 6 days and the internet was not working for the first 3, in all the days the only thing we got was an emptied waste basket, no coffee nor toilet paper refillment. The price does not reflect the the experience, and you can find a lot better for the price in London, which does not include a run down sofa which looked like it had seen better days 3 years ago.",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or105-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","There was no room for our family, despite we had booked the room","I stayed in this hotel about 7 years ago and had nice experiences about it. I liked the Hammersmith area and its good underground connections. So I decided to book the hotel this time too. When we arrived to the hotel they told that there was problems with the water, so we had to be taken to another So hotel: So Quartier. They booked and payed our taxi to that hotel, and said that we can come back (they will again pay our taxi bills from so quartier) when the water system is fixed. That should take about two days (we had booked the room for 5 days). As the room in the So Quartier was awful, we wanted to come back -but with no success. The receptionist in So Quartier told us, that So Sienna is fully booked so we could not go back!!! So poor experiences of So Sienna this time!",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or105-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",They cancelled without telling me,I had a booking all paid up front. In the evening I emailed  to warn them that I would be arriving late. Found a message to say that my reservation had been cancelled!!! They refused to do anything useful to help. Had I not emailed I would have arrived at midnight and not had a room.,Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or105-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Nightmare,"I was transfered from So Hyde Park hotel due to maintenance issues to So Sienna hotel. The basement appartment #1 around the corner in Overstone Road which I stayed in was really terrible. Dirty, used towels, mold on the ceiling, noise the whole night:  some kind of animal ticking and mice running. I would not stay there ever again even if it was for free!",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or105-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",What a dump!,"After reading such good reviews about this accommodation, we were bewildered with what we got. We were not in the ""reviewed"" section but in another 'un-reviewd unit around the corner in Overstone Road. Perhaps some of the hotel booking Companies should speak to the Hotel management. Following are the problems we encounted: Filthy, sticky carpet. Fridge in unit not working so moved to another unit with a frosted up fridge. Grouting missing on bathroom floor. Broken tiles. Furniture dirty, torn, broken. Internet (wifi) non- existent in this building. Photos on all websites do not reflect this building, only the main building in Glenthorne Road. Television an strange angle. Broken blind cords. Heated towel rail did not work. Towel rail fell off wall. Shower screen leaks & leaves a…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or110-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",cold shower every day,"very convenient location, nice staff but serious problem with hot water - it came out of the shower boiling hot and could not be regulated.  There was no explanation and everyday when I complained was told the maintenance man was working on it. This resulted in having a cold shower for 5 days.",Date of stay: September 2015,2.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or110-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Despite all the bad reviews we really liked it,"Stayed just for one night as we were attending event in Hyde Park.  At weekends you can park right by the apartments for free which was a bonus.  Check in was easy and they even allowed us early check in which was great.  Apartment was big with loads of storage space, we were four adults sharing, 2 in large bedroom and two on sofa.  Kitchen was well equipped and we found it really quiet.  Very close to shops, restaurants, bars and the tube so perfect for commuting into London town.   Only negatives were for some reason the oven didn't work and they had locked an ensuite bathroom in the bedroom, was another bathroom to use though.  It was really warm so we had to open up windows.  Did exactly what we wanted and would imagine for a stay of a few days would be very comfortable.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or110-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting!! Poor management ,"So I booked this hotel on behalf of a young women I support, she has a learning disability. She was travelling with one other member of staff, 3 weeks before they were due to travel to London the booking had to be amended to accommodate another young women with downs syndrome and a second member of staff, so 4 adults in total. I phoned the so sienna and spoke to a young women who told me that was no problem as there were 2 double beds and a double pull out sofa bed in the living room. This however was not the case!! They were shown to a tiny hovel of a room,filthy carpets, damp on the ceiling and walls, no running hot water, 2 single beds, a broken fire alarm, a broken sofa bed! Just pure filth. My colleagues spoke to staff who were less than helpful and there only offer of…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or110-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","OK but NOT 4 star or World Class, unless it's Jurassic World","The positives are its close to the Underground, Lyric and Hammersmith Apollo and some great bars and restaurants.   I was horrified when he told us we'd be in the annexe as we'd booked a standard room. I booked through hotel vouchers.com so got what I was given - there were no choices to upgrade.   Cleaners were sorting the apartment out. It's the basement Flat 1.   The lounge, kitchen, extra bed (all 1 room) was ok. Red laminate kitchen cupboards were tidy. He sofa bed was rank and looked like it had been found on the street it was so dirty. No way we'd have slept on that. Or even sat on it    He advertised plasma TV was. Approx 12"" so you'd see more on your phone. But we did t come to watch TV so no issue for us. But if you had kids to entertain you'd be hard pressed to get…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or110-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Says it's a world class Apartment-Hotel...it's not!!!,"We stayed at So Sienna for an overnight stay. When we arrived we were told all the rooms were gone (even though we were checking in an hour before we should have been) so we would be staying in the basement apartment. This was desperate to the main hotel. The Apartment had a main bedroom with on-suite which had damp all over the ceiling. The living room had a sofa bed, luckily me an my other half used the double bed (which was very uncomfortable and dipped in the middle so you ended up rolling I to in when you were asleep) cause there would be no way anyone would have wanted to have slept on the sofa bed, it was very dirty and not as in needed to have a vac it needed properly cleaning as a lot of the dirt and stains had been there for a while.  Overall I would not recommend this…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or115-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","A fine place to stay, if you know what to expect!","NB - I had a standard room, with a bathroom and mini-kitchen.   The good: Good location near Hammersmith transport, and I had a pleasant stay. My room was quiet, I could come and go as I pleased, and there was a full clean of the room on the 4th day of my stay (as well as emptying the kitchen bin everyday). The room was not large, but perfectly adequate and I could make all my food there easily (pans, microwave, stove, fridge). On arrival I found that some things were missing from my room (kettle, hairdryer) - but I will not count this as a negative because as soon as I told the guy at reception, he brought up new ones to me in about 20 minutes, very helpful.   The not so good: The decor wasn't great, and while the place was probably very nice when it was first refurbished (e.g.…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or115-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Mr Hazel,"I'm disgusted my niece has just tried to check into the apartments with her friends all just 18yrs old only to be told they had made a mistake with there booking and had to be placed in another hotel 6 to a room and told if they didn't take it then that's there problem, shocking service. BECAREFUL!!!!! I work for the BBC and a show I work on is watchdog, rest assured they will be hearing from us",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or115-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Good to stay,"I stayed here for a week, overall its a mixed experience, not too wow kind of but ya good to say. Room is clean, staff is good. sometimes staff ignores the concern, in my room microwave was not working I have complained it but they didnt took any action. All the facilities as they say are not upto the mark. ",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or115-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Don't believe everything you here about these Apartments,These Apartments have had bad reviews.. at one point we nearly canceled!! But i am so glad we didn't.... Myself and my sister booked a one bedroom Apt with a terrace and that is what we got... We arrived early that was no problem the manager Deepak was so helpful he said the room was not ready but we could put our luggage in the room.. When he showed us the room we would be staying in and before it had been cleaned we were more than happy with the condition of the apartment.. We had a on suit bedroom with air conditioning.. plus another bathroom.. the living/kitchen area was large with dinning area plus plasma tv and sat channels a bed settee (very comfy) plus a large terrace with table and chairs... The bed lining was crisp and white and the towels was of the same quality with…,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or115-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Good location, Comfortable Rooms and Freindly Staff","The location was great, the Hammersmith train and tube station are 2 minutes away. There were local shops, pubs and restaurants within walking distance. (again a just a couple of minutes away) The rooms were comfortable but the kitchen area was really small it would have been difficult to prepare a meal due to lack of space. Had a problem with a faulty sofa-bed but the staff were really helpful and changed this when we reported it. I would have had this at 3 stars not 4.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or120-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Only 1 step away from a dump,"Had booked So Park Battersea but got bumped to this hovel (and no it is not sour grapes).  Toilet seat had lumps of surface missing, dirt in the shower vent, soap sum in the soap tray of the shower, cracked and loose floor tiles with grout missing!  Pictures attached  Staff well ok ISH but not overly helpful or apologetic and when I contacted the head office about these issues not even a response!",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or120-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Nice hotel and good location close to shops.,Me and my partner stayed there last week.we were placed downstairs. When we walk in there was massive bags on floor by the enterance door. The bags contained dirty laundry lining and towel.i think those need to be placed elsewhere. They make the place smell.   There was a menu on the table if we wanted to order at night. But there was no phone in the room. Toilet brush was broken. Towel heater in the bathroom good idea.but it got we hot in there like a sauna. There was a big spider on the wall by our bed and the wall paper is coming off at the bottom.  For the price we paid to stay there for the week.i think they could have stretched to something complimentary for the guests. E.g chocolates. Sweets.a mini bar in the room. I was shocked that they didnt have a restaurant that i…,Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or120-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel - Avoid at all Costs,"I stay in the Hammersmith area 2 -3 nights most weeks and had the misfortune to stay in this aparthotel on 15th and 16th June 2015. They told me that I had a room in their annex round the corner in Overstone Road and walked me round there. The bedroom and ensuite bathroom smelled stronly of sewerage but the source seemd to be from behind a locked door off the bedroom - goodness knows what was hidden behind it. The toliet in the ensuite had a sign on it ""Do Not Use - Blocked"" the kitchen/lounge was flithy and the sofa so comprehensively stained that it looked like it had been ""marbled"". I insisted on being moved and was offered a room in the basement of the Glenthorne Road site which was acceptably clean and did not smell. The following morning I discovered that the temperature…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or120-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Just what we wanted!,The apartments were clean and perfect for what we wanted. The bed linen and towels were fresh and clean. Facilities were good and and staff were welcoming. We would definitely use them again -thank you!,Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or120-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Worst hotel / apartment ever DO NOT STAY HERE,This has to be the worst hotel/apartments ever it's a dump I would not even send my enemy's here.  Do yourself a favour just book anything else.  There is no customer service the cleaners don't care there is mould in the cupboards.  Can't give 0 stars but it should be!!!!,Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or125-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",nice hotel good location nice staff,"when reading all these reviews I was very nervous to go to so sienna. however I must say my stay was very pleasant.  the hotel is an a great location extremely close (less than a 5 minute walk to tube station). plenty of places to eat in Hammersmith. I would defo recommend Bills for breakfast!  anyway, when we arrived it was just after other people's check out time which meant our room was not very (very understandable as we arrived at 12.30 and check out is 12) but we asked if we could leave our bags there. the nice reception men said that was absolutely fine and yes our bag was just left behind the man door but when we returned everything was fine. our room was at the top of the hotel meaning we had to go up lots of flights of stairs. it also meant that the room was extremely…",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or125-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",thieves,"I booked a flat through booking.com with free cancellation up to one day prior to date. I cancelled one week earlier but when my statement came I realized they had already taken £582, and until now three months later I haven't got a refund. Don't ever book with them.",Date of stay: March 2015,1.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or125-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Good bet if you want a change from the typical large business hotels,"I normally stay at the Novotel in Hammersmith but their prices can occasionally get so I think even the tax man should not have to suffer the sum on my expenses. This month I tried So Sienna and it was fine. A bit cranky to find, sign is not clear over the door. But once inside the room it was a good sized studio style affair, well fitted out, modern and clean, with free wifi.  At £119 booked only three days prior on Hotels.com it was good value.  The road was fairly quiet, though at 0600hrs being on the ground floor did mean the traffic woke me. But overall I would use the place again.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or125-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",This Hotel has taken my money and not refunded it!!!!,"We booked this hotel through booking.com back in January and selected the option to pay later, which usually means pay on arrival.  Our booking was for end of April and therefore was very surprised to see that the money had been taken out of my account at the beginning of March.  I emailed booking.com who contacted the hotel, but I also called the hotel to see what was happening.  I was told that there was a new manager and the payment had been taken mistakenly and this would be refunded. After several days I had still heard nothing...so I called again. This time I asked to speak to the manager and got told the manager is busy and too busy to sort out my refund.  I was very surprised at this response.  I asked for the hotel to email me and confirm the refund would be made.  A…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or125-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",RIP OFF HOTEL STOLE MY MONEY,RIP OFF!!!!!!! BEWARE!!!!!!!RIP OFF Do not stay here or even try to book this place. I tried to reserve this hotel for the 24th January 2015 but through an error at booking.com I reserved this hotel for the 14th of January.  I made the reservation on the 15th of January so the reservation was in the past! Despite this being a very obvious error So Sienna charged me GBP 200 cancelation fee. When I rang them and explained they were incredibly rude and refused to refund my money or even move the booking to the 24th. clearly a completely unethical hotel that likes to rip off and scam people. DO NOT STAY AT THIS CON JOB HOTEL,Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or130-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Well...they took care of us,"I really looked forward to this stay. the hotel was located in an okay location for our needs - but more importantly, it was an affordable option for four people traveling together with one person paying the bill. Finding it was easy and close to the underground without being congested. We arrived very early and I was not expecting our room to be ready, but was hoping to store our luggage while we took advantage of the extra time in London. The man at the desk was accommodating and took the time to verify our reservation while we there. And then directed our luggage to the open hall way across from his desk. I do not want to overstate this space - it was literally four feet from the desk and was just a nook next to the stairwell door. It was not a secure place at all, but was…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or130-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Surprisingly ok,"We were booked into this accommodation by another hotel that had a system error. We were skeptical and unsure about this booking at first specially after reading several negative feedbacks but due to its last minute changes, our booking can't be change otherwise we will lose our money.  First of all it is not a hotel instead its an apartel/appartments. We stayed in the lower ground room. The room was spacious, clean, with simple/minimal decorations, has a tv and dvd, and complete with dining and cooking utensils. There is a sofa bed that can sleep 2 people and a double bed. The only downside is that the double bed is quite low for me. Location is very near the Hammersmith tube station. There is a 24 hour Mc Donalds nearby. Check out time is reasonable at 11 am.  ",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or130-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Met our requirements,"We were looking for a serviced apartment which would sleep 4 and had the convenience of a kitchen. That's when we chanced upon So Sienna and booked for a 2 weeks stay in a Luxury one bedroom apartment.   So Sienna is ideally located in Hammersmith within a 7 minute walking distance from the Tube station. Four lines serving the Hammersmith tube station can take you to central London in 35-40 minutes. There are a variety of restaurants, shops, convenience stores and some shopping options within walking distance from the apartment.  The apartment in itself was quite clean and well furnished with 4 beds, 2 bathrooms, fully functional kitchen, conventional oven, dish washer, washing machine, iron, board etc. Bins were cleared every day and a full cleaning took place every 3-4 days.…",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or130-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Perfect,"We chose to stay here due to an event at Hammersmith Apollo. It was in a short walking distance and was clean, spacious and perfect for what we needed. Though there were only two of us, the staff made up another double bed incase we wanted anyone else to stay, which I found really thoughtful and great value for money if there would be a party of 4. Really happy with our stay.",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or130-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",2-3 star masquerading as a four star!,If you go expecting 2-3 star hotel you would get what you expect - if you expect 4 star you would be horrified!  I had read the one star reviews and because of the horror stories - I booked via Expedia so that I had 'big company ' protection . they actually phoned the place for me to make sure I didn't get one of the grotty rooms. when we turned up .....place was locked and no response to emergency phone number on door. We waited half hour to get in and then ...they showed us to the smelly damp basement rooms we believed we had avoided!  I have left a few days to write this to be scrupulously fair so: good points: flat is LARGE - bathroom modern if a bit impractical- kitchen units new and smart and very close to Hammersmith Odeon and tube bad points: place STINKS of damp -…,Date of stay: October 2014,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or135-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Not bad but it could be much better.,"I booked a room via booking.com, and took a twin single beds but when I got there there was a king sized bed only, and we were told to use the sofa bed! But the recipient Mr. Judeh was so friendly and helpful and though it wasn't his fault kept apologizing and promised us to fix the problem and to let the management know that we were disappointed and so he did, the next day we came to the room and found an additional bed plus the king sized one and the sofa. The room service didn't meet the expectations,  they don't clean on a daily basis. The price is kinda high and you'll expect a better service considering how much you're paying. Again, I recommend you dealing with Mr. Judeh directly to get the best service and to find everything in place when you check in, also to be fair…",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or135-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Disappointing...,"Apparently, there are 2 different venues that guests are accommodated; the one above the reception (rather than a small office that someone is sitting), and 200 meters away there is a basement apartment (accommodating 4 people). We have been guided to the latter where we were unhappily surprised with the dirt and foulness of the mold around the apartment, the uncomfortable mattress of the double bed and more importantly, with the sofa bed located IN the kitchen (allowing no space for a coffee or privacy) of the other two guests. The sofa bed could barely accommodate a very thin person with a child though it was advertised as being able to accommodate two adults. We stayed there for five nights and there was NOT even once that they provided cleaning services. I had to go to that…",Date of stay: July 2014,2.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or135-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Great place,helpful staff and location","The apartment is great.Clean and met our family vacation needs.Very close to the tube stations,kings mall and lots of shops.Joudeh was such a hospitable guy,always there to provide informations and assistance.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or135-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","A great place, friendly management and a good location","Have stayed at the SO a number of times. Callum is a great host ans always ensures that he can help with a room , when the rest of London is choc-o-bloc. The rooms are spacious and clean and the proximity to the tube station and Kings Malls is great.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or135-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Unclean hotel and terrible staff,"We had originally booked to stay at another hotel but had to be transferred here. We were told we would have a room which sleeps 4 (a double bed a single bed & a sofa bed) when we returned about 1am after a concert we found the sofa bed wasnt a sofa bed & my friend had to sleep on the floor. The next morning we had also discovered there was blood stains on the sheets and other orange substance on the duvet sheet. We raised this with the staff the next day, who argued with me and told me i should have come to tell him about this at 1am, i hope you can appreciate we were very very tired & just wanted to sleep & didnt notice the state of the sheets until the morning. ",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or140-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Not pleasant.  At all.,"I stayed in So Sienna for 10 nights (felt like 20) at the start of June.  Booked for a last minute business trip through Late Rooms.  Had booked an exec studio and was 'upgraded' on arrival to a standard 1 bed.  It was pretty gross.  Even though it had been cleaned, it felt dirty.  I had a friend over and he described it as resembling a prison cell - very accurate.  Allegedly the apartment had 'light cleaning' every day (i.e. empty the bins), and full cleaning every 3 days.  My apartment only had full cleaning on 1 day of my whole 10 day stay.  The TV only had channel 4 - the guy said there was 'nothing he could do' about that.  The photos on the site are not in any way reflective of reality.  I think they're images from Getty or something.  Overall disappointing - only gave it…",Date of stay: June 2014,2.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or140-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Ludicrously awful service,"I booked a two week stay with this 'hotel', I put this in quotes because it is far from what the common definition of a hotel is.  Once I arrived I immediately canvased my apartment, which they had given me a free upgrade, and noticed a group of spiders in my bedroom.  After informing them of the infestation they promptly moved me to the top of the hotel side of things where I counted 50 steps to carry three bags of luggage up, oh no lift/elevator to be seen.  My trip started mid May where the weather was roughly 70F/21C but inside the top of the hotel it felt 80F/27C.  The only cooling options was an oscillating fan, an open window, and a down duvet cover.  After a few minutes my eyes started to wonder around the room were I yet again see an infestation of mosquitoes and other…",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or140-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Helped me out in an emergency,I called this location having been let down by another set of apartments. So Sienna allowed us to book 4 rooms and accommodated 15 of us without a problem and with less than 24hrs notice. The rooms were all very nice condition and reception staff were helpful. ,Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or140-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Great location and value for money,I stayed in a studio apartment for almost 4 weeks while visiting London. The location of this place was great; a short walk to Hammersmith Tube Station. Several restaurants and grocery stores in the area. The upholstery was  a bit rundown and old. The staff at the reception was good and the manager Francis was friendly and helpful during my stay.,Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or140-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Spacious rooms but not good service at all,"Was there for Xmas vacation with family. The reason we choose So Siena was the room size. We had a deluxe one bedroom apartment. It was really well equipped (washing machine, micro wave, dishwasher etc. almost everything that you might expect, but no air-condition as the web site states) and the room was in an acceptable condition. Good location. Nearby Hammersmith tube and many shops within walking distance. The rooms were spacious (but they did not resemble at all the photos in their site_ so you need to lower your expectations). Reception was as it was totally absent.  We had some remarks regarding the room condition (a couple of things were damaged, but nothing was fixed during our 7 night stay).  The bed was quite small for double bed (and sleep quality was quite pure).…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or145-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Nice and central apartment,"The apartment is very central to Hammersmith and all it has to offer. However, it advertising parking for 25gbp per day however, it is actually 35gpb and you have to park at the mall opposite. However, you can move it and park on the road after 6.30pm for free untill 8am. The rooms are relatively spacious, however, I did request two single beds and was told this was extra. Also, when we arrived there was someone elses washing in the machine and the toilet was having issues. It was fine for one night. There is nothing wrong with these apartments, perhaps a little over priced compared to what you get if you shop around.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or145-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Great value and great service!,"I stayed at this hotel for one night and found the room was spacious, modern, clean and tidy. The room had kitchen facilities such as a fridge, oven/grill and a hot plate, it had everything you could need.   The staff were very helpful including when I stupidly left my work suite in the cupboard they kindly arranged for it to be sent back to me  in the post and only charged me the cost of doing so nothing in addition (sorry I forgot the name of the staff member).  The location was excellent to, situated just a short walk to several bars and restaurants and less than 10 minutes from the Apollo where I went to see a concert.  All in all I would definitely recommend this place as it offers great value for money, thank you.",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or145-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Spacious apartments, value for money and good location. You get that you pay for","I stayed here for one night with a bunch of my friends. The location is excellent, only a 5 minute walk from Hammersmith town centre, so was an ideal for bars, restaurants and the tube station. In both rooms there were kitchen facilities with dishwasher, washing machine, oven and dining table. There was also a double bed, sofa bed and of course a bathroom in each apartment.   The interior was spacious and it was cleaned on both the days we were there. I would say the apartments are of a 3 star standard, but this is sufficient if you are looking for a no-frills comfortable stay close to central London. Given the price of local hotels (even budget ones) the total price was very reasonable and if I am around the area again I would definitely choose these apartments again.",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or145-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Bad Service,"I had booked a deluxe apartment. On arrival, I was told that rooms were not ready. I left my luggage at reception and came back at 3pm, and again the rooms were not ready. Francis, the manager suggested I move to a standard apartment or an executive room. Since my company was paying for my stay, I asked how will he adjust the reduced tariff. On which he responded that I can stay in a cheaper room yet pay for the deluxe, becos it was paid by the company and not self! I insisted on staying in the deluxe room that was booked for me and I finally got one but both bathrooms were broken. The engineer kept fixing them while I moved in and he took good couple of hours more after my shift to repair it. The apartment had two washrooms, and the engineer ensured that atleast one was in a…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or145-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",truly awful,"I rarely write bad reviews BUT after 3 overpriced nights in the so called deluxe 1 bed suite I have to warn people away from this dreadful place. Stained and broken, a sofa that looked as if it would walk itself away and other furniture taken I suspect from car boot sales.   No hot water on 2 of the 3 mornings and a tv that only had bbc1 ( took me back to childhood).   I booked it thinking I could stay in and cook. It was too awful to do so, so on the plus side I ate out well.   On the plus side it's well located and the staff were pleasant and helpful.",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or150-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Dire hotel - don't recommend,"Stayed here twice on business, and refuse to be put up here again.  On my first stay I was put in a room down the road and around the corner, in an underground apartment opening out onto the street. The lock on the door was flaky, the toilet didn't flush, the sink didn't drain, and the bed-sheets had hairs on them. I barely slept through fear, and one of my other female colleagues had a man wondering around in the garden outside her room.  On my second stay I insisted on the main hotel building (converted townhouses) and whilst this felt safer, there are so many bits that need work - fittings are broken and messy. The rooms are such a nice size that this has the potential to be a really nice hotel, but a lot of work is needed.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or150-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Zero customer consideration or service,"I had booked and prepaid for a double room at So Sienna.  The location was where I needed to be for a business meeting the following morning.  On arrival at the office of So Sienna, I was informed by Francis, that the rooms had been overbooked and that arrangements had been made for me to be transferred to another Hotel in Wembley!   As I am a visitor to London, I was unaware of the distance from my preferred location to the awful hotel I was transferred to.  Following a taxi journey lasting 1hour and 20 minutes  I was deposited at hostel accommodation in Wembley.   The manager Francis was not remotely concerned that I was unhappy about this, and I only wish that I had created a fuss, and refused to be transferred.   I feel that customer service like this should be reported to a…",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or150-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Highly recommended!,I couldn't find fault with So Sienna. The booking and checking in process was quick and smooth. I found the staff member on duty very welcoming and helpful. The apartment I had was spotless and nicely furnished. Its located in a quiet residential area of Hammersmith so I got a good nights sleep. The bed linen and towels were spotless too. They were quick to call me when I'd left some things behind too so its nice to know the staff are honest. And more importantly as a female travelling alone I felt safe and secure.,Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or150-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Zero Customer Consideration,"I booked & paid in full for a double room (no singles available) for a 2 day stay in So Sienna confirmed 21/02/13.  I arrange to meet up with friends from: 1 Australia, 2 USA & 2 England - they had an booked & paid in full, in November 2012, for apartment in same hotel - or so they thought!  They arrived on 29/06/13 before me, & I met them on the door step of the hotel with their luggage.  My friends told me there was no room for them or I as the hotel had booked it out to other people.  The hotel representative (rep) initially told them that their were maintenance issues.  My friends insisted on being shown the rooms with the 'issues'!  Then, & only then, did the rep admit that the rooms had been given to other customers.  You will see my friends posts about this below.    At…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or150-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Nigh intorelable rip-off.,"I am not surprised about the other negative reviews here.   The So Sienna Apartments were of patchy quality and provided false advertising.  The ""Luxury"" apartment that we were given was a noisy, moldy cellar room. All the noises from the street came as from the next room, the smell of mold was everywhere and the back-door - which provided an access to a derelict and rotten patch behind the house described as ""garden"" had obvious poorly fixed breaking-and-entry signs.  While the room provided all the promised equipment and furniture some of them were really old and worn. The sofa in which our children slept in looked like it had been found in a dumpster - broken and dirty. The quality of the remodeling in the apartment was partly ridiculously amateurish and shoddy. The equipment…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or155-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Avoid - this hotel doesn't respect booking conditions,"We had booking into this hotel for end of July and booking conditions said that there is no booking fee and no prepayment. Despite those conditions, hotel charged at the beginning of July full amount for our stay. I cancelled booking after seeing this and booked into another hotel. Despite my request, hotel has not released amount booked on my credit card (and they haven't responded to my emails at all). I've asked now my bank to block the payment so I hope they will not receive money - but be aware, that this hotel has very strange understanding about following booking conditions and treating their customers even before they arrive.",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or155-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",If you're smart dont stay at the so sienna,"Having booked and paid for a deluxe twin bed apt back in Dec 2012,and received confirmation of the booking.I also requested a ground floor apt as I have a hip problem.I arrived at 1.45pm on sat 29th june,having travelled from Australia 2 days before to attend a concert at the H/Smith Apollo on 29th.3 parties had booked here for one night,one couple travelling from florida for the same concert.I was told by mr francis that my room wasn't available,when I asked why I was told that there were maintenance issues (bad drains) I demanded to see my room ,and then was told that there were other guests in there and my room had been given to other guests.We were offered a room at the Best Western serafina at Kensington.Nowhere near the Apollo,which we refused at first as it was so far…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or155-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Absolute disgrace!! They sold our room !,"I was due to stay here with friends in a suite that was booked back in nov 2012 as it was close to Hammersmith Apollo -a vital component to our stay.Despite payment being taken months prior we arrive to be told there were ""maintainence issues""or ""mix up with reservations due to new staff ""-the excuse varied from time to time  .After several tries to get the truth  out of Francis it was demanded that we see our apartment so we could see the maintainence issues for ourselves.At ths point we were told we had no room as it had people in it that had booked ""very recently ""  So in other words the room that had been booked 7 months previously had been re let because -wevthink -they got a more lucrative booking.Granted they found us another room but in Kensington -hardly convenient as…",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or155-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Was dreading it, but it was fine","I booked So Siena earlier in the year, for a 5 day business trip, and was horrified to read some of the recent reviews. In fact, I was trying to book somewhere else on the way up from Cornwall.  As it turned out, it was absolutely fine. I was welcomed at the desk and shown to the room - a Standard Studio. The room was clean. The bed had clean fresh sheets, pillows and duvet.  The kitchen had a 2 ring hob, plus a quality microwave, fridge, kettle and toaster. The cutlery and glasses were clean and there were utensils and a corkscrew. You aren't going to cook masterpieces with only 2 small frying pans, but it was more than adequate for heating ready meals and eating takeaways.  The shower and sink were fine and there was plenty of hot water. I think I had 4 clean towels. Someone…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or155-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Budget hotel but perfectly adequate for a families needs,"We were very worried having read others reviews on this hotel and really didn't know what to expect.  So we were pleasantly surprised the location is 2mins from the tube station and easy to find.  The deluxe one bedroom apartment we booked was well equipped lovely big sofa bed, comfy double and great pillows!  The apartment was clean and quiet, yes it didn't look like the photos and the decor is a bit worn in places, but for what you pay it is as expected!  I think the problem is it is not a 4star hotel so doesn't meet 4* expectations but it is convenient and perfectly adequate for a family visit to london.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or160-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",this is the worst place ive ever stayed!!!!,"avoid!!!!!no customer service,dirty cheap rooms that look nothing like photos and kept awake by people above till 3am then woken again at 7.30 avoid avoid avoid.it is very very very basic.furnished very cheaply really not worth 258 pounds for two nights",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or160-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Probably worse place we ever stayed!,"we stayed 03/03/13 in standard one bedroom flat. I don't know where to start to be honest! I have a huge list of negative things about this place. the only good about So Sienna is location for us it was perfect with easy reach to M4 and is in walking distance to tube station. there is no ""Private parking is opposite the property"" as quoted in the advert. it is just general multistory carpark which shuts at 8 pm with no places reserved for so sienna, so it is very misleading when you are trying to book. As soon as we walked in we where hit by the smell of dump and drains in the lounge and in the bedroom (which by the way have en suit bathroom, but it wasn't functional as shower was full of tiles and cement and nobody ever mentioned anything about it before hand). Carpet…",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or160-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",So Sienna = So bad !!!! Totally disgusting,"We arrived only to be informed that there was no room for us and that we would have to get a taxi to their other establishment in Battersea, they kindly offered to pay for the taxi. After a brief debate in which we explained that it was essential that we stay in Hammersmith an apartment was miraculously found for us. When later we returned and folded out the sofa bed for the kids we found; no bed linen except one sheet (no duvet, no pillows, no other sheets), the sofa bed mattress was totally disgusting, as grey_skull quite correctly describes as a health hazard. The mattress was covered in a variety of stains from quite obviously pretty much every possible type of bodily fluid, as well a some kind of animal hair, human hairs, a nail clipping and a layer of grit. The…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or160-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Avoid it like the plague!!!! Danger!! Health Hazard!!!!,"My self and My Brother like any other travelers look for the basic things in an accommodation Cleanliness, Comfortableness, Price and Location. THIS PLACE HAD NONE!!!   The windows hasn't been cleaned in ages and it had so many cigarette butts and ashes the floor wasn't vacuumed for god knows how long and the Furniture had a huge water stain that looked and smelled like pee to the point I had to order some bed sheets to cover the stain.  last but not least the price was so high I was better off staying at a 4 star hotel at least I could have got some house keeping! Now I was fooled like all the other travelers with the good reviews but you need to read the bad ones too just to get the big picture.  I have to say i was fooled by the nice pictures and the good reviews that have…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or160-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Avoid bad comments!!!,"I booked  SoSienna for my friend birthday just for a location. We had early check in and very unexpected our apartment was ready. After reading all bad reviews I was expecting something else. Apartments itself was very clean,large and had everything what you need. We stated in 4006 and had one double bedroom with living room and kitchen, where was sofa bed made in additional bed. Apartment had also 2 bathrooms! Perfect! Staff is very polite and helpfull in every way, especially Dannii! They will never say no to you! Thank you SoSienna, we had excellent weekend. We will definetelly come again.",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or165-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Horrible experience - Stay away,"The only good thing is the location. Apart from that the prices are ridiculously high for what they offer. I stayed on a luxury studio on the ground floor, which I thought was good as I didn't have to climb the stairs with my luggage. However the reception was just next door and they receive customers during the night and talk extremely loud, which kept me up all nights. I complained and they didn't do anything about it. They only clean your room every 4 days, there is no soap in the toilet, they dont replenish the coffee and the tv didn't work at all. For £160 per night??? Outrageous... and the heating didn't work well at night, so I've asked for an extra blanket and was told that they didn't have one! NEVER AGAIN!",Date of stay: November 2012,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or165-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",A good accommodation for 4 people,Been there another time so we decide to book for few days of Christmas shopping in London. We have had a small apartment on the basement of the main building (entrance via a door just below the reception). The accommodation was fine with a room with a double bed and a sofa that become an additional double bed in the main room. Close to Hammersmith tube station is a good solution when traveling in a group of 3 or 4 people. It has a very good price/quality ration if compared to price of 2 double room in London.  We will use it again.,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or165-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Trip to London,"Great location; smart building, excellent staff unfortunately it lives up to the description 'budget' I think you can tell the degree of luxury of a hotel by the size and quality of the towels; and these were not thick and large! A little more care over upkeep and a deep clean would bring it right up to scratch.",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or165-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Great Location - comfortable but lots of stairs,"Close to all public transport with the tube, underground and overland rail services 5 minutes away whilst plenty of bus services nearby. Great shopping within 5 minutes with lots of food options and  several supermarkets. Self catering within the rooms was a big advantage whilst the room was modern in style, clean and serviced well.  Staff were friendly and helpful and are on duty 24 hours. Bed was comfortable, it was quite yet so close to everything. My wife and I were on the 4th. floor and had 50 steps to negotiate but the staff helped with our luggage and we found the  location was quite OK. We would use this accommodation again when visiting London.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or165-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Really Grotty! Dubious about the 5 star ratings...,"My friend and I stayed in flat 3 (having asked for the best room). Well if that's the best room then I really hate to think what the others are like! Positives: comfy bed, good size and layout, everything you probably need, guy on reception was friendly. Negatives: incredibly dirty; carpets and sofa beds cheap and completely covered in stains, flimsy table (we wouldn't have been able to eat on it), hairs found on the sides of bed, mould in bathroom, smelly, didn't trust the cleanliness of cups etc so couldn't even have a cup of tea, had shower but came away feeling dirty. I chose this place because there were a lot of really positive reviews; I can only guess that we either got really unlucky with our room, that those reviewers have got mixed up with another hotel or are family…",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or170-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",It is worth to stay,"Good location, friendly staff, Hammersmith tube station 2-3 min. walk. Well equipped rooms.Quite place. Shops and restaurants close. Unfortunately only free TV channels available and we got just one key for our room. The front garden is very nice.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or170-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Thank U So Sienna,"The location of these apartments is fantastic with only a 5 min walk to the tube station. The apartments themselves are spacious, clean and you have everything you could ask for. The staff are helpful and we felt like home away from home. This was our first family holiday and everyone enjoyed their stay. The kids especially loved the sofa bed where they could watch telly in bed after a days sight seeing and adventure.  Thanks to So Sienna for making this a memorable holiday. I would definitely highly recommend.",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or170-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",A home away from home ... just perfect!,"SO Sienna Apartments is 5 mins walk from Hammersmith tube/rail station giving easy access to all of London.  The corner property has a front garden that is very picturesque it has a fountain and Greek style stone seating which is all lit up at night, nice place to sit with a glass of wine on a summers eve.   There were 3 couples in front of me when I got to the door and I had a bit of a wait, the reception is on your right as you go through the large black front door, blink and you'll miss it.    I checked in rather quickly once the queue had gone down and the very polite member of staff offered to carry my bag as the studio apartment was on the third floor and I didn't see a lift however there are lots of apartments of different sizes so ask for a ground floor one if needed. …",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or170-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Good Hotel Great for transport links,"Use this hotel for overseas members of staff, they are always happy to help, especially Kelum Tidy, clean great links to most underground train lines (2mins walk to Hammersmith tube station, and main bus station) Would recommend this hotel to single travellers as well as families",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or170-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Good value for money,"We stayed five days in the apartment.  It was clean and more than adequate.  It provided us with exactly what we needed during our stay in London. It offered a great base, the location is close to the London Tube and buses stop nearly outside the front door.  The staff were exceptionally polite and helpful.  This is a solid, good value for money apartment for those with a family or who wish to be slightly more independent than hotel living and who wish to sightsee in London.  We would recommend this accommodation.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or175-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Exactly as expected,"I have recently moved to the UK.  I needed a place that was better than a hotel for short term stay.  I booked a months worth of time there.  We chose this place due to the location, Hammersmith is a good location to get around the South West part of London, and is only 20 minutes to central London by Tube (which is not a lot if you know London at all).  It is not downtown, but in London, you don't need/want to be downtown.  The staff were friendly, they gave us anything we needed.  When we arrived early morning to check in as weary travellers, the room was not ready (we were about 5 hours early), so they put us into another room just to sleep for a few hours, which I thought was very kind.  I'm currently having a billing issue, which is the only thing keeping this from a 5/5…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or175-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Not fit for purpose,"Out of the 140 hotels that I have reviewed so far on Trip Advisor, this is only the third time I have given a 1 star rating. This place doesn’t live up to even the most basic of the standards claimed on its website.   “Come and indulge yourself in the pure comfort of living at home away from home at SO and enjoy the life of the Metropolitan City.” Sounds good doesn’t it?  The front of the building looks very nice. There’s a nice seating area in the front garden, which, although, it overlooks a road and a multi-storey car park, was clean and pleasant. And there was free WiFi internet. A good start.  Unfortunately, everything unravelled from then on. We had booked a two-week stay in a standard one-bedroom apartment and were shown to Flat 3. This was probably quite nice … a long…",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or175-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Well Done,"This is a great Hotel, clean & Comfitable, Best two nights sleep i've had in a Hotel, I'd also like to thank the friendly staff for an easy & trouble free check in. Thank you very much young lady",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or175-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",great stay!,"spend wonderful anniversary/valentines day weekend in so sienna. great location and easy to get anywhere.affordable. rooms are big and well equipped. big beds,everything nice and sparkly clean. friendly and professional staff. will deffinitely recomend and stay there again.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or175-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",This is a bad bed and breakfast,"You will be desapointed. The pictures and the entrance are missleading. It is not a 4 star but a bad bed and breakfast, dirty, poor quality, horrible mattress. ",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or180-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Good value for the money,"Very big, nicely decorated and well equipped rooms. Appliances well functioning. Staff very kind and helpful. Good location near Underground station, The Thames, and shopping centres. Nice and quiet area with little trafic. Rooms well cleaned on arrival, but only little cleaning during the week. Nice new mattresses, but on the hard side for us. They could be cushioned with a top-mattress for more comfort. We'd love to return some day.",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or180-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Paid for 2 rooms 150 pounds each, got 1 room 60 pounds","Very bad experience. Paid for 2 rooms in advance (2 nights, 2 rooms, 150pounds per room per day). Both of us ended up staying in a 60 pounds room together. So refused to give back any money!!! The room was in a basement and it was disgusting. Even the lock did not work. I will never use this hotel again.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or180-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Fantastic apartments..highly recommended!,"I stayed in a studio apartment for 3 nights and would definitely stay here again.  It had everything I needed and more.    The bed was so comfy, the shower was great and the free wifi was an added bonus.  As I walked to the apartment from the tube, I walked past all the other apartments I looked at online on the same street and I am so pleased I chose this one.  The staff were so friendly and helpful.  Couldn't recommend it enough!",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or180-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Don't do it,Yuk... If you are a refugee then give it a go.... If on the other hand you have been in a hotel before avoid.. Where do I start.... The room was smelly and damp..the appartment was a series of box rooms all at various tempretures and smells....the sofa in the kitchen had literally 30 different stains on it....bed was lumpy... No tv in bedroom just a monitor size screen in the kitchen....which all makes a very uncomfortable stay...We travel a lot and please believe me when I say that this is a waste of money £125 a night what a joke...only stay here if all other rooms in London are taken and the park benches are full,Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or180-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Fantastic location for Hammersmith Apollo,"I booked this at the very last minute when the weather conditions were getting bad and we were travelling to see Paul McCartney at Hammersmith Apollo and we did not want to get stranded in London after the concert.  I would highly recommend - we were upgraded from a studio to a one bedroom apartment and the welcome we received was wonderful.  The apartment itself was well furnished, very comfortable, clean, quiet and best of all perfectly located 5 minutes walk from Hammersmith.  I am really surprised by the bad reviews as I cannot fault my experience here - the only possible criticism could be there was no table in the lounge - but the receptionist apologised for this and it really made no difference to our stay.  I would definitely book here again if I was going to Hammersmith…",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or185-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Absolutely fantastic- ignore the bad reviews!,"Stayed here for one night as there was a show on at the hammersmith Apollo. Booked it online and arrived at the hammersmith tube station. Called the hotel for directions which were great.  A VERY quick and easy book in, staff were very helpful. After being showed to our room, given our wifi details and. Shown around the room we were left to it.  The room was a very good size, a very comfortable double bed, a twin seater sofa set in the large bay windows behind, with a tidy kitchen area and modern shower room. There was a nice 32"" tv in the room with sky on. The apartments are 5 mins away from the tube station, are very quiet at night compared to other hotels in London I have stayed in.  Value for money it was great, at £110 for the night I really could not complain about the…",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or185-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Stay away, cockroaches!",Absolutely disgusted after our stay at the so sienna apartments hammersmith. Myself and 6 friends stayed for one night and am still reeling from our awful experience.  Just want to make clear I am never ever one to moan but I feel I need to warn others so u don't have ur night ruined Where do I begin  Rude service  Dirty clothes left in room and washing machine Rooms miles apart Alive and kicking COCKROACHES!!! I have photographic evidence we even caught one in a glass to show owner/manager who of course wasn't available to talk to. So Sienna So stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!,Date of stay: October 2010,1.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or185-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",totally misled from start to finish,"was supposed to stay in sister apts in maid of vale, but due to water damage, an excuse i see used on other  guest had to stay here noisey  no hot water after one shower and filthy carpet a bargain for 400 hundred plus pounds",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or185-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",A good last-minute find,"The SO Sienna is no 5-star resort, but it does the trick very well. My parents stayed here for 6 days, without complaint.  The positivies: 1. The staff were very friendly and helpful 2. The location is good - well connected by tube and in London's zone 2 3. The beds were comfortable 4. The apartment was large and comfortable 5. The price was affordable by London standards 6. It was well furnished -- oven, microwave, washing machine, iron, dishes etc. 7. Airconditioner worked well  The negatives: 1. Ventilation in the bathroom wasn't great -- the only window opened onto a set of busy stairs. 2. The TV reception was moody - but we managed to watch the football finals with occasional interruption 3. The carpets had some stains, but nothing major 4. Room was in the basement - so no…",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or185-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",really rude service,"I can not recommend this hotel to anyone. The front desk person called drew has got to be the rudest person ever. Checking in after a 10 hour flight and having paid 120pounds per night, you should expect a little extra value or service. He kept me waiting for 7mins and was chatting on the phone, only to direct me to a dark, shabby basement apartment, when i complained about the state of the room, he told me that if the room wasn't good enough, i could check and he wouldn't give me a refund.",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or190-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Wonderful Experience All Round,"I came down to London for a couple of nights to find a houseshare to move into, therefore spent much of my time pretty stressed. However the room was an absolute haven. It was immaculate, everything worked the diches and cooking equipment were ample and clean. The bed was comfortable and there was very little noise through the night.  For a price of under £100 per night for the room, a truly don't think this place can be beaten.  Fantastic, I would highly recommend it to anyone!!!",Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or190-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London","Clean, modern, comfortable, convenient, great facilities","PROS:  - Close to Hammersmith station, which is on the Piccadilly line (good for travelling to/from Heathrow), District line (good for travelling to/from Gatwick airport), the Hammersmith & City line and the Circle Line. Ie. convenient for travelling on the tube - About 15 minutes by tube to the major attractions eg. Piccadilly Circus, Oxford Circus etc - Close to supermarkets (Tesco inside the station, Sainsburys inside the Kings Mall shopping centre) - Rooms are clean, comfortable, spacious and modern. Ours included a washer/dryer, so we could do our washing whenever we wanted - Rooms provide generous facilities. Ours included 2 bathrooms, oven, microwave, stovetop, big plasma screen TV which worked, dishwasher etc - Most of the staff are quite friendly, and let us use the…",Date of stay: December 2009,5.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or190-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Pleasantly Surprised by SO Sienna,"I had a 2 week business trip to visit my companies HQ in West London. After seeing mixed reviews for this apartment/hotel, I was a little concerned with booking it for a long stay. However, the prospect of free wifi, a kitchen and in-room laundry were enough to make my gf and I take the risk. Overall, we were pleasantly surprised and quite satisfied.  My biggest compliant came right off, there's no sign for the SO Sienna on the building. We were a little unsure where to go. Once we found the front desk at the right-hand entrance to the building, I handed over my Agoda voucher and had no troubles at all. I was immediately shown to my room. The accommodations are clean and spacious. The second negative was the washer/dryer was full of someone else's clothes. Someone from the…",Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or190-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Loved it!,"I really enjoyed my stay at the So Sienna apartments. My flight arrived at 7.30am at Heathrow airport so I was way to early for check-in. The apartment complex is very close to Hammersmith underground and very easy to find: I looked up how to get there from the station before traveling (which I recommend). There is not a large sign with So Sienna on the complex, but a very kind guy came outside to help me with my suitcase. It was 8.30 at that time and he did not had a room available yet, but he offered me to call me when the room was ready. Unfortunately my cell phone was not working and he even offered me an extra SIM card for in my phone: again: that didnt work for me, but I thought this all was VERY thoughtful. I went for a coffee in the neighborhoud and around 11am I came…",Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or190-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",I enjoyed staying there!,"I booked the apartment and then made the mistake of checking trip advisor second!, so I was a little worried about what I was getting myself into. I had booked a 7 night stay and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. I decided to write because the place as I went in sceptical but was pleasantly surprised. The thing that quickly became apparent to me was that they read trip advisor and are genuinely responsive to comments - everything I saw criticised was being addressed. There was an airconditioner in my room, the room was clean, towels and bed were changed every couple of days, bins were emptied daily, the reception staff were friendly and if anything they over did it with asking me if everything was ok and if anything needed addressing. At one point the tv wasn't working…",Date of stay: September 2009,4.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or195-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Well located but So Sienna is 'so far' from 4 star!,"We were in London for a sightseeing weekend, So Sienna is well located in a quiet neighbourhood only a 5 min walk from the Underground Station (15 min journey to Leicester Square) and local shops / amenities of Hammersmith. The multi storey car park is right opposite the apartments (at a cost over £20 per day) but thats where the positives end.  When we arrived at midday we were told the Luxury Apartment we'd booked wasn't ready and was being serviced. We dedided to go out for the day returning at 6pm when we were informed that our apartment wasn't available due to 'water damage' and we would have to take a smaller studio apartment. When I complained about this and the fact that I hadn't been informed, they told us (miraculously) that an alternative Luxury Apartment would be…",Date of stay: August 2009,2.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or195-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Hotel is ok,"The facilities inside the room were well furnished and ikea-like style. There are 2 blocks for this hotel. One of them didn't have wireless access and we talked to one of the staff there about this, his attitude was not good and told us that there would have the access in the afternoon after the IT techician support. We tried at night but it didn't work! Then we asked him again on the next day and he told me that it would be fixed it soon. He was lying!",Date of stay: August 2009,3.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or195-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Had to battle to get a room in the building,"Poor service from the start.  Front door of main entrance open and I was met by ""someone"" who apparently worked there. They had no ID or business card.  They told me my room had been ""watered damaged"" and they were waiting for someone to fix it.  They took me to a room in the dilapidated ""Premier Western Hotel"" as alternative, selling it as a bigger room etc.  Unfortunately, it had none of the facilities I had paid for - no satellite tv (could get ITV1 and barely any other channel), no DVD player.  Not much except a bed and a bathroom.  The window was open and had no latch to close it.  There were cracks and what looked like damp patches on the ceiling.  Not good when you're paying around 100 GBP/night...  So I went back and said the room was not acceptable.  Only when I said I…",Date of stay: August 2009,2.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or195-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Leaves *much* to be desired.,"After a good month of moving between different accommodations in London (I'm an easily bored tourist who likes to see different parts of town for a few days at a time), I like to think I have a pretty reasonable idea of what to expect in hotels and serviced apartments. SO Sienna is a joke. A greedy, offensive joke.  Bang in the middle of pleasant Hammersmith, not more than a few minutes' trudge from Tube(s), quite near the shopping district, and directly opposite a parking station, I walked past it four times without knowing where it was because there are no identifying markings. I only found it by referencing the house numbers on the surrounding buildings. When I finally arrived, the staff were somewhat curt and dismissive and seemingly unconcerned with the security of my…",Date of stay: June 2009,2.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or195-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",SOFA BED,"Whilst there are good things about this property, my lasting memory is the SOFA BED.  This is meant to be a 4 STAR property and I expected a bed which I could sleep on without my back aching the next morning.  When you can't sleep because the bed is SO bad, all the positives seem some what irrelavent.",Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or200-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Great Value,"This hotel was very a very convenient location and great value for money for by business trip. Upon check-in the room was not ready however I was there about 2 hours before check-in time so this was expected. I was advised that if I head into town I would be contacted once my room was ready meanwhile they stored my bags in the hallway next to a stack of unwrapped, what appeared to be clean towels sitting on the floor behind the front door of reception.  I was very disappointed to see this, I understand space was limited but I really do not think clean stock should be sitting on the floor in a Guest area, unwrapped. I headed into town and later received a text stating my room was ready, I felt that texting to advise my room was ready was a great little touch and it would be great…",Date of stay: March 2009,4.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or200-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Why didnt I stay at the Novatel or even Premier Inn?,"Awful, just plain awful! I usually have a lie in until 8am when I work away from home but after awake since 5 am I feel I have to speak. Firstly,when I arrived here the chap on reception was more interested in getting my credit card details than actually giving me basic customer service, then after the walk up 3 flights of stairs (No lift) it hit me....the smallest room I had even seen. Tried to sort the free wireless out - no joy. When it came to actually sleeping the SOFA BED fell apart and i had to sleep on one side which is approx 90 cms across. The heating was either boiling or stone cold. All this for a price of £90.00. Never, ever again.",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or200-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",misses the mark...,"We stayed at So Sienna for 4 nights.  We booked an executive suite through Expedia - noting the 4 star rating.   The room description on line was vague, but given the 4 star category, we were expecting more than just a microwave, small fridge and hotplate (there are larger units that do have washers and full kitchens, but the studios and one bedrooms do not have these features).  Despite the rating, this was not a 4 star hotel.   The kitchen facilities were very basic, no fan systems, so cooking smells permeate the premises.  The bathrooms had showers only, providing in total only 1 bath towel per person, one hand towel to share, and one floor mat.  The towels were never changed in the 4 nights we stayed, in addition, we received only one roll of toilet paper.  There was no…",Date of stay: December 2008,3.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or200-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Lack of Business Professionalism,"I booked a studio partment in So Sienna after hearing some great reviews, however am not satisfy with my stay there.  It might be OK for leisure travellers but not business travellers.  From the outlook, the apartment looks nice however once you are in there it is entirely different story. I was given a studio apartment in the basement.  The size is good for studio, however once you walk in you will smell a horrible odour and it became worse.  Further, the payment system is bad.  As a business traveller, I aspect to have an invoice after payment, but with this property I have to write and call to them several times to ask them to forward the invoice to me. On the plus side, the staff is helpful trying to accommodate on they can do.",Date of stay: November 2008,2.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or200-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Excellent home base in London,"Very pleased with So Sienna located at 1 Overstone, Hammersmith, London.  We are a family of four and stayed for five nights.    PROS -The reception was just around the corner in a different building (38 Glenthorne).   -Towels, linen, dish detergent, and toilet paper were provided -The place was indeed, newly renovated   -As you can see from the photos, the design of the apartment is very space efficient.  There is also fold away table and chairs. -FREE laundry -I could not, for the life of me, figure out how to work the washer/dryer and reception had to help me repeatedly (and were happy to do so) -Great location, the Hammersmith tube and bus stations are about five minutes walk.  There are two major supermarkets easily accessible as well -Very quiet and safe street  CONS…",Date of stay: June 2008,5.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or205-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",Nice place,"Stayed 1 night in June 08. Booked ""executive studio"" for £110. On arrival at 8.00pm met v friendly manager who upgraded me to Room 2, a basement flat with living/kitchen, double bedroom & 2 shower rooms. Very clean, well put together +ve's 5 min walk from Tube....no name signs on outside of building, so take a map Many local shops/restaurants around Good quality furnishings Very quiet  -ve's needed to nip out and buy soap/shampoo    so take your own  Will return",Date of stay: June 2008,5.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or205-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",So Sienna is So-So,"My husband and I recently returned from a 4 night stay at the So Sienna. This is a new short term apartment  scheme from Aparthotel and only just opened in March 2008.  I have lived in London and often return to visit family and friends - having stayed in numerous places I think my review below is objective.   The Pros: 1) Price - given current exchange rates  I was pleased to book a studio room for $180 a night, including VAT.    2) Size- the studio was quite big with modern bathroom and a small galley kitchen  3) Location - quick 2-3 minute walk from the Hammersmith station.  It is 20 minutes to central London but both the Picadilly and District lines stop at Hammersmith so no need to change trains to get to Picadilly  Circus, Leicester Square, Covent Garden or even Tower Hill…",Date of stay: May 2008,2.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d1053999-Reviews-or205-Axiom_W6_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Axiom W6 Hotel Apartment Reviews, London",An okay stay...,"I recently stayed at the SO Sienna Apartment, booked via its own website for a 1 night stay in a studio apartment for my boyfriend and I.  On booking we advised that we would arrive by 2pm however when we arrived at about 2.15pm there was no one in the reception office to check us in.  We had to call the manager on the mobile number provided and he advised he would be there shortly, he arrived within 5 mins and apologised but it wasn’t a great start.  We asked about checking in and were told that the apartment was yet to be cleaned.  We decided to leave our stuff in the locked office and go for a drink at a lovely pub down the road with the manager giving us a call when the apartment was ready.  The manager then came and found us and informed us some 45mins later that the room…",Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
