,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or0-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London","It is no surprise that 39 out of 91 reviews give this ""Hotel"" a Poor or Terrible rating","This is the worst hotel that I have stayed in after travelling the world for the past 60 years.  My wife and I arrived on the afternoon of the 17th October and were greeted in the hallway by a gentleman who introduced himself as Michael, In later discussions he would not confirm whether he was the manager or the owner. At first all seemed well and we went to our room very tired. After spending a bad night on a bed that was lumpy and had what appeared to be springs almost coming through the fabric of the mattress. We found that the bathroom was very small, had no shelves where we could put our toiletries etc and had a broken shower. There was one hook on the back of the door where we were supposed to hang our towels. A small metal table in the room was dusty and my wife had to clean it before putting our things on  it. The floor under the bed was also very dusty. The wardrobe door could not be opened as it clashed with the bedside table. The following day we called Michael and said that we were unhappy with the state of the room and that we would be leaving, (we had paid for 6 nights).  He became very defensive and after a discussion where he shoved the bed over so that the wardrobe door could be opened, we asked him about the dirt and the broken shower. He replied that we should give him time to fix things. We decided that leaving was our best option. He then became very aggressive and told us to pack our things while he watched over us. I put my case onto the bed in order to pack, he immediately threw it onto the floor telling me not to put my case on his duvet. He continued to be aggressive and bordered on being violently abusive, He was wagging his finger in my wife's face calling her a liar. I asked him to stop talking to her like that and he assaulted me by pushing me away. I considered then calling the police but fearful of his aggressive and violent behaviour decided that the best thing was to leave the premises as soon as possible. My wife and I are elderly and are certainly not used to being treated in that manner. I asked him for a refund for the 5 days that we would not be using and he told me that I should not expect anything. Anybody who is contemplating booking this ""hotel"" please be aware.…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or0-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",beware,"No doorbell - I spent 10 minutes banging on the inside door - looked all round the outside in case I had missed one.  The owner , who eventually let me in, called me a liar, saying that I hadnt been knocking at all.  That was bad enough, but once inside he continued to be aggressive, rude and insulting.  I  left, feeling very shaken by his attitude.  I felt very vulnerable, and did not feel safe staying.  I don't think he would have acted so agressively that way had I been a man.  I have since found out, by being told, and reading reviews, that lots of people cannot get in, or have walked out.  And they've all paid their money and this man does not do refunds!  A dreadful experience.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or0-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",No Flaws - Value For Money,"My boyfriend and I stayed at Chumleigh Lodge and, for the prices they ask, the rooms are excellent. They are clean, the heating is effective, towels and other basics are provided on top of a full sized fridge/freezer and microwave. Juice, milk and cereal is also provided in the room as well as tea/coffee etc. The bed was comfortable, we made use of the big fan kindly provided too. The owners were lovely and welcoming. I have no issues what so ever with this lovely little gem of a hotel!   We are around London every September for an annual event which we attend and we’ll be staying at Chumleigh every time from now on!   Thank you Chumleigh Lodge Hotel! ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or0-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",One night stay,"Booked two rooms for an overnight stay (second room was for friends of ours) last night as we were attending a get together for a friends birthday meal. My wife and I were greeted by Alice with a warm welcome and met Michael a few minutes later who was also very friendly. Our room was lovely, spacious and with it being the hottest day of the year so far it was brilliant to have a great fan in the room to cool us down. We were a bit amused when Alice mentioned breakfast would be in our room, with everything in there but to be honest this morning I was so glad that I didn't have to get up and go downstairs for breakfast, it was nice seating in the room eating our cereals and juice. If we have any more events nearby will definitely be looking to book in here again.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or0-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Recommend a stay!,"Originally was hesitant in going for this place from recent reviews but feel they hadn't fairly shined a decent light to this place.  Upon entrance was greeted politely and given keys; just a note for those going for a later check in, they do lock the front door in the evening so will probably leave a key in an envelope.   Very relaxed feel. Super clean room including towels,hair dryer, iron and a lovely shower.   It's near Finchely central, about a ten minute walk which is on the northern line- it is a little outside the zone of Camden so may be a bit more for an underground ticket.   The price was fair and everyone was so polite, there are also Tesco express, little shops like that as well as takeaways nearby.   This place also had a bunch of cereals, a fridge in the room and a kettle also in the room along with milk etc too.  Would come again to this place!…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or5-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",4 starts for a bad start but very good stay,"I only give 4 starts because when I arrived there was nobody to talk to as there is no reception. It only took me about 10 min to get in touch with the manager. Then another issue was that my room was not ready, because they didn’t knew I was coming. Then I had to wait 29 min to get the room. On the plus side: Clean room and bathroom. Free coffee, tea, breakfast, milk abd cereals in room for free, 2 juices. Has free parking. It sais that checkout is by 9 AM, manager let me stay until 12 without asking. He just said that if I want to it’s ok no problem. So if I go again in that area for sure I will pick this Hotel.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or5-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Great deals for budget minded travelers,"If you like to have a feel of living as a local, this is the place for you.  The Lodge is near, bus stops, Churches, Pubs, bakery,  10 minute walk to the main street.  Safe neighborhood.  The rooms were clean, linens changed/ tidied up daily.  Fridge was stocked with juices, milk, coffee & water.  Bathroom was clean and had strong water preassure. I heard the the owners are thinking of restoring the continental breakfast in the near future.  The owners were friendly and kind.  I  will book here again.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or5-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Strange Place,"I booked in here this week whilst working nearby. Very limited parking but managed to sneak into a space at the front. Checked into my room, quite grubby and the shower was like a trickle with no hot water. Milk in the fridge for breakfast but went out of date on the day I arrived. The road is quite busy so a lot of traffic noise and the neighbours were noisy till well past midnight. Located close to town so a 10 minute walk to a few restaurants to grab a bite to eat. No one around when I checked out so unable to check if the room had been paid for etc. A strange experience.",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or5-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Do not pick this one,"We are a family of 4 hoping to visit London from here. But arrived to be greeted kindly by Mike and were shown to a room we did not book (We had booked the extra large room for 3 adults and a 15 year old and got an extra small with bunkbeds ), the promise of cornflakes and milk in our room for breakfasts, construction debris piled up out front and back, a man sleeping in a tent in the parking area, smoke in the halls (despite a no smoking hotel), and the worst water pressure in a shower I've ever seen (trickle). We could not find anyone to ask questions and there was no reception. Maybe they are renovating and it will be nice one day. But not now.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or5-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",This is taking self service a bit too far,"We turned up at this ""hotel"" and by luck a puzzled looking person was hanging about just inside the door and he let us in.  We looked around and soon were puzzled ourselves because there was no reception, no bell to call anyone and no instructions, There was a cubby hole in the wall that looked like it might be opened now and again but knocking on it with a fist did not illicit any response. There were odd pieces of paper lying about and by chance we spotted that amid the paper there was an envelope with the name Tulip (our name) written on it and a number 2. We opened the letter and found a set of keys inside but no instructions or any communication. After hunting about for a bit we found room number 2 and one of the keys opened this. The bedroom was reasonable and the bed was…",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or10-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Not so bad,"Was worried after reading all the reviews, it wasn't as bad as all of them. We was greeted by the owner who was very nice, friendly and welcoming.  We booked a family room but when we arrived we was told the room had been given to someone else so we had been given two rooms opposite each other. We have 3 young girls so i knew i wouldn't settle knowing they were in a different room...so my husband was banished to a room by himself and i stayed with the girls. . . Not ideal and not what we booked.   The rooms were ok, clean enough just to sleep for a night.  I booked a 'bed & breakfast' the breakfast consisted of a cerials in the room..not the best we've had. The fridge however had lots of apple and orrange juice and a bottle of milk. We also had complimentary tea and coffee. We…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or10-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Dreadful Reception ...,The door was locked when I arrived and I had to literally thump on the door for 25 minutes. I left a message no answer. Each time I have been here the reception has been dark and unwelcoming  with just an envelope with my name on. Also the late night/early morning  (2:20) noise levels this time were unacceptable .. clearly the house staff have no management /oversight skills..Tiny room.. cracks in plaster .. no light switch.. monster noisy fridge...  Although convenient...  it isn't exactly cheap.. but I don't think I'll be returning.,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or10-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Bring ear plugs ,"We booked this place last minute to attend a nearby match. Whilst the staff were polite and friendly (though a little pushy) I wouldn't reccomend the hotel.   The hotel is very 'student accommodation' like. The room was small but cosy with a reasonable size bathroom, clean throughout, and very nicely warm on arrival.   After settling in my partner decided to turn the heating down (it was on full) and the knob fell off the radiator; not great, so we settled for opening the window.   There was plenty of tea, coffee etc provided along with an in room kettle and fridge, cups etc. There was a TV which at no point had any signal, so we attempted wifi, which disconnected incessantly.   We decided to go to bed, and upon pulling back the sheets found a blood stain.  Not nice at all. He…",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or10-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",worst place EVER,"I stayed here with a couple of friends before a gig in London. It was a last minute thing and cost me and 1 other friend £45 (we had no choice and paid it). Another friend wanted to come with us so I asked the Manager (who was extremely rude over the phone) if he could put another bed in the room or upgrade us....he said ""I'll sort something out"" - I'll come back to this shortly.  We got to the hotel which looked like a eastern-European brothel and burst out laughing. As we walked in we were greeted with the smell of what I can only describe as a freshly deceased animal. We walked over to cut out hatch in the wall to the Manager to check in and he said for an extra person to stay it'll cost another £45. reluctantly I said ok and asked if it was an upgrade, oh, how wrong I was.…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or10-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Do do it!,"Possibly one of the worst hotels I've stayed in.  Had to wait outside for somebody to come out and let you in.  Building looks like its closed, decrepid and falling apart. No reception and nobody to welcome you.  No air con, so room was roasting hot.  For some reason they'd decided to but some bunk beds in the room and nowhere other than the bed to sit down.  There is a fridge and microwave in the room and cereal and toast id left for you, yes you get a bowl and a spoon ...but no milk! and yest there is Bread and butter but nowhere to toast it and no knifes!  And the 'en suite' this is rather a grand title for a plastic box the size of a decent shower which has in it a shower sink and toilet..interesting!!  When I left in the morning, nobody about, nowhere to leave the keys so…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or15-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Excellent,"This was the second time we have stayed here. The owner was really welcoming and helpful. The cleaner provided us with anything we needed when we asked her and couldn't do enough. This is a budget, great value hotel, close to transport links into town.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or15-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Owner rude and impolite,The room was clean but noisy . Breakfast is not really included ( putting céréales on the corner of a table is not what i call a breakfast ) they changes us our room and move our Stuff in the middle of the stay without telling ( wich i can understand under certain circumstances : the the ownet was really to me making fun of my english and acting really impolitely ! The Man was condescendant and rude ! ,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or15-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",THE OWNER ASKED US TO LEAVE THE HOTEL.,The male owner didn't allow us to stay at the hotel as me and my husband had pizza boxes in our hands ?   The door bell was not working as we arrived at 10 in the evening we kept ringing the hotel for 10 minutes for someone to open the door for us. The owner didn't even bother to take us to the reception area and just stopped us in the middle of the hall way and told us to count the money for him ?  He looked like he was on drugs as the state of his dressing and hair was terrifying he had paint all over his clothes and he was unconscious: He told us to leave his hotel as soon as he saw our pizza boxes which is not normal as  always travel from UK to Europe and this is the first time I have ever seen in my life anybody complaining about the food being brought into a room.  Worst…,Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or15-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Absolutely horrendous,"Arrived at this hotel yesterday to find a building site, no staff, room keys just left in envelopes with names on! When I finally figured out where I was meant to be going I went into my room to find something I wouldn't have even paid £1 for...dirty, cracked walls, broken tv & a disgusting fridge. It also states on the website they have free parking...there are minimal parking spaces out the front of the 'hotel' with no lowered curbs. There was no way I was staying here, I was worried for both my own safety & that of my car!  I left & drove 10 minutes to the nearest travellodge which was lovely.  DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL",Date of stay: April 2015,1.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or15-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Slumming it in London,"As the title suggests really! I had the luxurious single room (Room 4). Only one light worked, no soap in the ensuite, grubby walls, stray hairs in the sink, TV didn't pick up any signal, no sit down breakfast available and no curtains!! The bed was very uncomfortable with a massive dip in the middle and a very loose head board! No one on reception to greet you.  To top it off there was building works in progress which was very noisy, the dust sheets were left on the stairs over night which is a trip hazard in my opinion. I do not recommend staying here.",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or20-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Varda,An hotel without reception and almost nobody to ask for anything. The continental breakfast was o.k. but if you need something there was no body to talk to. The hotel is near a tube station and some bus station.              ,Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or20-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Most terrible hotel. Not at all recommendable,"The absolutely worst hotel we had been staying for the last twenty ears. Dirty floors, just a few drops of water from the shower. Blocked sink in shower. Spare lights in room. Terrible breakfastroom. Not enough dishes and cutlery. Empty cereal boxes. Used dishes and rubbish on tables.  Had to pay immediately After check in. Would have to Pay 3% charge for credit card.   Rooms were badly soundproofed, could here the neighbours snoring.              ",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or20-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Dismally poor customer service,"I needed to cancel a reservation I had made at this hotel.  I spoke to an extremely rude employee on the phone who spoke very rudely to me and purposely hung up on me, twice!  Have rarely in my life been treated so rudely, let alone by a business such as a hotel that is supposed to specialize in customer service.  Best of luck to anyone who dares to stay here.  With employees who couldn't care less about their customers I would absolutely look elsewhere.",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or20-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Hostel not hotel,"On arrival, as I entered the hotel it was not clear where the reception was. On closer inspection there was an area marked out by plywood. As it was 7pm this was not very welcoming. Where do I get my keys from as there were no staff on view. I heard talking from a room (a plain white door) where I found the staff to collect my key. I went to my room which on first inspection was basic but looked ok. The issues I had with the room were:  No hangers for my clothes The room had a microwave and fridge but opening the fridge discovered used drinks - 2 waters and a tropicana The bathroom tiles were badly painted and the grouting discoloured Cobwebs on ceiling No mirror in bathroom, only a screw where one once was, not good for shaving as had to keep going back in bedroom to look in…",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or20-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Lovely Owner and friendly staff,"We stayed at the Chumleigh Lodge Hotel, June 2014.  On arrival at the hotel we were welcomed by a member of staff and offered a drink. The owner Michael then arrived and showed us to our room. We were given a large family room on the top floor which was suitable for 2 adults and 3 teenagers. Very spacious room which contained one double and 3 single beds. The room also had tv, microwave, fridge, kettle and of course an en-suite bathroom. The room was absolutely fine for our needs. Next morning we had continental breakfast which you just helped yourselves to.  Again this breakfast was fine, basic, but did the job. When we checked out Michael gave advice on where to spend Sunday morning. With the tube being just down the road we abandoned the car and went to Camden market. We were…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or25-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Worst Bed and Breakfast we have stayed in,"The only reason this has scored 1 s is that we can not rate it 0.  Unwelcoming and inhospitable, the hall and stairs dirty and the room very basic and grubby. The door showed signs of forced entry making it feel insecure. The bed was uncomfortable, pillows hard and thin duvet covered by a stained cover. The soft red lighting was disgusting. The fridge in the bedroom was noisy. The windows from our bedroom and the dining area looked into the 'garden' which resembles a municipal tip containing derelict vehicles and rubbish. Very run down.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or25-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have stayed in.,I spent last night at this hotel. Biggest mistake i have made.  Tiny bedroom. Shared toilet. Flush did not work. No toilet paper . toilet door that does not close properly.  Did not dare to wait to try the breakfast. left early in the morning as soon as I could,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or25-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Didn't recieve what i expected,"On the 3rd of July i phoned Micheal and ordered two bedrooms, one for two people and one for three people. Both rooms were for two nights from the 16th of August. He told me the price would be £160, which i believed to be a reasonable price and reminded him two times if that was the right price for both rooms. I gave him my card details and made a payment. On the 13th of August i rang to say no payment had been taken from my account, the next day he took i payment of £365 pound. I was not happy, he had told me it was £160 but what else could you expect me to do 3 days before i was heading for London. When i arrived, i was taken to just one room with a double bed, single bed and a bunk. When asked if i could get two room as i ordered, we had two teenage girls who were not…",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or25-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Awful experience,"I got to this place earlier than intended to find that I couldn't park outside as although they had spaces vans had blocked the dropped kerbs and left space next to them. Next I found out i was ""in the apartment"" not the main hotel and that this was very nice but a short journey away and near the main street. A key was found and a member of staff was sent with me in the car to give me directions. After arriving at a house with flats he realised the key ring did not have a front door key on it so we had to drive back again (5min drive) and then return to the house once more. Once he had gone I realised my passenger seat was dirty as he was covered in dust. The room itself was ok but the bathroom, although clean, absolutely stank. I was here for 2 nights and as the hotel was now…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or25-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London","Very good, welcoming hotel in a great location for visiting London","I must start by saying the owner (Michael) is one of the highlights of this hotel - extremely friendly and helpful, offering advice and suggestions to make our stay the best it could possibly be. The location is another major plus for staying at the Chumleigh Lodge Hotel. Situated in Finchley, only a 5 minute walk from Finchley Central Tube Station, it couldn't be better located when travelling from the North of England to London. Only 3 and a half hours from Lancashire and no need to tackle the hell on earth that is the M25. Free on site parking and only a short tube ride from many London attractions (such as Campden Town) makes this hotel an ideal base for trips to the Capital city. The only slight down side is the lack of airconditioning in our room which, on the hottest day…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or30-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Very poor service through out and poor information on website,"On arrival we were told room not ready by lady on phone as the man who was there didnt speak good English but was given key to room. On returning later in evening was greeted by a very helpful chap who told us continental breakfast served in morning and he had changed our room number. Room very comfortable, shower not very powerful, no coffee only tea bags and cleaning a bit to be desired. Website says full English but wasn't offered any and continental should, so I thought, include ham and cheeses. Another table was offered cooked. Booking out. . a lady came out in her pj's. Told us there would be 2.5% for using credit card then told us machine wasn't working so we could leave details and bill us later.we paid in cash.On booking was told they charge £5 for parking but wasn't…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or30-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Great value for money,"Great hotel for a trip to London. We stayed in the family room which was large, clean and airy with plenty of room for 5, including 3 large teenagers! Great value continental breakfast included. V friendly owner with lots of helpful hints about London and getting around. Would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or30-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Super value for money,"I stayed here with my family on 22nd June 2013 for a night. The hotel is really nice and the room is big and ok. We like more the owner who was very kind and helpful. The breakfast is very nice and they generously offered full English breakfast though my booking says only continental. My family were too pleased with all the staff especially the owner. After we checked out, we were allowed to keep our car in the free parking at the front of the hotel and the owner kindly told us that when we come back we can use the hotel toilets and have some drinks. When we returned and because we are big family if 5 persons, the owner even opened a room for us to use the toilets and offered a drink. He was too kind and very nice person. All the hotel staff were also nice and helpfull.  For the…",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or30-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London","Awful, awful, awful","This place is awful the staff are rude, the place was completely dirty. When I phoned the manager to complain he was extremely rude to me and made me out to be a liar! It was very upsetting. I would not reccommend that anyone stay here especially as there is a perfectly good chain hotel just down the road which unfortunately did not have rooms when we were booking which is why we stayed at chumley,  BIG MISTAKE.  The sheets were damp and smelled, the carpet was very dirty the bathroom was also very dirty and we didn't even dare have breakfast. Stay well alone form this place. ",Date of stay: March 2013,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or30-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Birthday weekend away,"Me and my partner stayed here at the weekend as we were going to a concert at Alexandra palace. We found the hotel on foot, from the tube station no problem. The staff were cheerful and friendly on arrival. The room was larger than expected with an en suite, a very comfortable bed and was very clean. The owner arranged a taxi for us which was a great help. The breakfast was good with a great choice of different food and drink.  There was a little noise above us during the night but nothing worth complaining about. The owner was very friendly and the next day we left he recommended we spend the day in Camden, which we did and glad we listened as it was brilliant. All in all perfect for what we needed, a clean, comfortable, friendly place to sleep and I'm sure we will return.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or35-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",A dog eared guest house - not really a 'hotel',The Chumleigh 'hotel' is nothing more than a guest house.  It felt as though it's the type of place workmen or truckers stay when working on an overnight job.  The name outside was obscured by numerous transit vans parked in the parking bays - an extended sign off the house would have prevented us from passing by it twice!  On first arrival the house was deserted. the shutter was down on reception (if you could call it reception) and we ended up walking into a room where a woman was ironing! She courteously rang the owner and soon after she appeared but it wasn't the greeting you'd expect from a 'hotel'.  The room (no.1) was adequate in itself although i'm glad we only stayed the single night. The fridge in the corner made such a noise i had to unplug it to get to sleep. The…,Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or35-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Bleak house,"I feel bad saying this cos the woman staff member is lovely & doing her best but...the owner has cut every corner possible & the result is deeply unpleasant. Cold, bleak, in a state of disrepair. Was unfortunate enough to spend 3 nights here, never slept for one of them.",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or35-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Good position and proper customer care,We had a large and comfortable family room. Close to the underground station and with easy and free car parking. Suitable for good value stay for visiting London. We had a microwave in the room and the host allowed us to have our dinner in the breackfast room.,Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or35-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",bed bug central,"in room 8 you have to share with hundreds of bed bugs for which i was bitten at least 20 times...on checking the duvet it was black and looked like it had been used to wash a fleet of lorries...the owner offered to wash our clothes but lost most of them and never apologised or was there to be spoken to,he left it all to one of his lackies who spoke little english,had little interest in our problems but olympic gold medallist personal hygiene problem...the chef refused to serve us a cooked breakfast on our last morning and he and the rest of the chinese laundry made sure they made enough noise all morning to make sure us night shift workers got little sleep...i will be getting in touch with environmental health to investigate this fleapit",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or35-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Idea for our requirements,My son lives in a flat in Finchley and this hotel made an ideal place for us to stay. When we arrived and booked in we were offered a cup of coffee and a chat about the area and how to get to the tube etc.  The room we had was a double on suite. It was clean enough and had a fridge and microwave which I thought was handy should we have wanted a snack.  My one complaint would be that the on suite was tiny - like a caravan bathroom. It was about 1m x 1m  its a good job I didnt have a cat with me as I certainly wouldn't have been able to swing it in there.  The breakfast was excellent. There was more than enough choice and catered for every taste.  Its not really a hotel its more like renting a room in a big house where you come and go as you please and help yourself to your…,Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or40-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Rude,"Rude customer service. The owner was rude over the phone, hang up on us when we hadn't finished explaining our situation on arrival. Hardly ever answered the phone. No Lifts. Bedrooms are very limited. No warning on the bathroom step, tripped over several times. Would not advice anyone to visit this hotel, was not as expected and far too expensive for what the hotel offered. No facilities. Never answers the door, were kept waiting outside for ages for someone to let us in the hotel. We were spoken to like a child and not a valued customer. Awful staff, no shops around, middle of nowhere and when giving the key back for the room, their were no signs were to leave the key, no-one at reception so we had to ring up and took a while for someone to answer and even then he still didn't…",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or40-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Good value,Stayed here for 4 nights. Although not an exceptional hotel it did meet my expectations and is clean and in good condition.  The room was spacious and well equipped. The breakfast was excellent with good choice and plenty of food.,Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or40-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",friendly and good value,"I stayed with my daughter who was attending an interview nearby.  We arrived cold, wet and tired at about 8.30pm having been caught in a downpoor. When we arrived the owner made us a hot drink and was very welcoming, he helped us to arrange a taxi to take me daughter to  her 8.00am interview the following morning and also helped us arrange a take away meal as we didn't feel like going out again by this time as it was getting late.  Our room although basic was very clean and warm.  When my daughter went off for her interview which lasted all day, the owner and staff were very friendly as I waited around for my daughter.  I would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or40-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",good value hotel,I have stayed here on business a few time and always found it clean and comfortable the owner is always helpful and i would stay here again if i was in london,Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or40-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Not as bad as expected,"Only getting around to reviewing this now after my stay here in November for 4 nights. Found it online. Rang direct to book a room. Found Michael very rude on the phone , not polite at all , acting as if he was somehow doing my a favour by letting us stay?! booked it anyway as i was at this stage very desperate and needed to stay around finchley. Checked on tripadvisor AFTER i booked and was horrified by some of the reviews. Was dreading the experience, BUT to my suprise i was greeted by a nice lady when i arrived. The room was a bit cold but had everything i needed and was clean. Bathroom very small though. I then met michael (the owner) who was so helpful and friendly i couldnt believe i was speaking to the same person. I slept in for breakfast so cant comment on the food but…",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or45-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Nice place but so so cold....,"I stayed here on business recently and although the hotel was pleasant and easy to find we did note a few points that were frustrating to say the least.  The first was that the hotel was very cold, heating didn't appear to be on which left us very cold at night, also the quilts on the beds were unsuitable for this time of year as they were low tog...  In the morning, we were served a rather small breakfast and also noted that the cutlery was not clean.  It took a while to find a hotel in the area we were working and wished now we had spent a little more time looking....  Disappointed.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or45-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Great little guest house,"I've got to be honest, bad reviews about this hotel are just wrong. My partner and I stayed at Chumleigh Lodge last Friday night and we found it a charming little place.  All the staff are very friendly and helpful and it's in a great location for parking your car (without paying congestion charge) and jumping on the tube for central London.  Like everything, I would advise that you try this hotel for you self and make up your own mind. They are making an effort to make this hotel as comfortable as possible. If you want 4* luxury, book the InterContinential Hotel!  Well done for a friendly, clean and comfortable stay, we'll definately be seeing you again soon.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or45-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Friendly comfortable hotel,"On arrival we were greeted with a warm welcome and given information about the surrounding area. I stayed here with my daughter for two nights. It was a convenient tube journey to the show,shopping and sight seeing trip we had planned. A quiet residential area where we felt safe walking from the underground station late at night. A comfortable and clean room with coffee and tea making facilities, microwave and fridge. The owner offered us plates and cutlery if we needed them for microwave meals take aways etc. En suite nice and clean with a good shower Breakfast was very substantial with a self service area for hot and cold drinks, toast,cereals etc, but we did find it a little confusing as there was no menu on the table for the cooked food.and the staff although very friendly…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or45-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Pleasant lodgings in a quiet residential area of London,"I stayed here as a last minute booking due to the TUC event in London. All central hotels were either fully booked or ridiculous prices.  I confirmed the booking by telephone and was warmly greeted by Michael, the owner.  On arrival, again the greeting was very welcoming and the room was pleasant enough with a fridge and microwave plus LCD TV with built-in DVD. Free Wi-Fi was available, and worked well.  Breakfast was a good continental, with cooked available if you wanted.  The other guests seemed to be mainly building contractors working on the Olympic facilities.  The hotel was quiet, close to both Finchley Central and West Finchley tube stations (a 5-6 minute walk to either), and a 20 minute journey to Euston, where I was working.  The area is well catered for with oubs,…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or45-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Do not use this cowboy B&B. I feel sorry for the employees!,I had a similar experience to another person who reviewed Chumleigh. When the owner Michael is in a bad mood he will hang up the phone mid-conversation! I struggled to get a booking (many calls that were never returned and aborted attempts at finding the rooms I'd asked for) but I prefer to support local business to chain hotels so I persisted.  A day before my family was due to arrive for my wedding I went in to check the booking (no written confirmation had been provided) and the booking was wrong. You'd expect a sorry and a polite attempt to sort it out swiftly. This is not what happened. Instead I was told I didn't know what I wanted; given different prices to the ones agreed on the phone; and furthermore Michael argued with me about disabled access (I was asking for a room…,Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or50-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Perfect for purpose,"Perfect for our one night stay in London and really convenient for visiting family nearby and for the tube into London's west end. There seemed to be some confusion when we checked in about rooms and that took a bit of time but the host was very friendly so we didn't mind.  Ensuite double room was very clean and airy, equipped with a TV, Fridge, Microwave, tea & coffee making facilities and comfy bed.  The breakfast room was pleasant with a nice outlook over the garden. We were expecting a full English breakfast in the price but learned that you had to pay extra for this. The continental style breakfast had more than enough options though so we weren't disappointed.   Overall a good choice of B&B made at the last minute and we would certainly return.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or50-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"We were visiting our daughter who has just move to London and wanted a hotel in her area, this hotel was just what we wanted for a short break. Having stayed at many hotels over the years this hotel was great value for money. The room and ensuite were spotless with a fridge, tv and microwave. The breakfast room is lovely and looks onto the garden and although it said continental breakfast we were offered bacon and eggs. We would definitely reccomend this to friends and are going back with family in July. Michael who runs the hotel is very helpfull and nothing was too much trouble and the friendly service makes it worthwhile staying in a small hotel.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or50-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",It was a good base for going into central London,"We were surprise to find a frige and microwave in the en-suite room, this proved to be an asset as we didn't want to go out for a large meal the night we stayed. The breakfast was excellent lots of choice and freshly cooked.",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or50-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Great Bed & Breakfast,"Great food, comfy beds and polite staff, all clean and tidy, definitely go back. Great job Michael and the team.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or50-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",There are ups and there are downs,"There are ups and downs to this hotel. Its location is easy to reach, the rooms are nicely furnished and clean. The staff is very friendly and willing to help with any issue.  The down I have experienced was the booking. The internet booking is not fully automatic and in the end it asks you to call the reception for the final step. I have tried to avoid the call and finish the booking via e-mail, however their response times was in days rather than hours. In the end, I had to call the reception anyway, on the very day of my arrival. The have confiremed the booking of a double room, however when I have arrived at 22pm that day, they have told me that they have no double room available and that I have to pay extra 11GBP for a family room, arguing that my reservation was late. I…",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or55-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Phone at your peril!!!!!,"I have to say, first and foremost i have never stayed at this hotel. Read on as to why........  I  phoned this hotel today,at about 2.30pm. I spoke to a gentleman about the availability of a double room for tomorrow (18th june).  He asked me how many people there was going to stay, i replied 2.  I then asked him how far was the hotel from Frien Barnett. He replied, 2 or 3 miles.I said that would be great.  He then said, could he ring me back, as he was outside.  I waited an hour or so, no reply, so i rang back. The phone went to answerphone, so i left it.  By now, 3 hours had gone past, so i phoned again. The same man answered the phone, and informed me he was still outside and would ring me back.  Now we move onto 4 hours, again he didn't reply, and again i rang back.  This…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or55-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Good will return,"I stayed here with  few of my colleagues for a week while on business in London. The room was perfectly adequate and just a little note regarding the beds.They have all been replaced with memory foam matteresses and considering that i was working nights, they offered a lovely comfortable sleep after a long night of hard graft.We were arriving back at around 5 am every morning and were too early for breakfast. This was resolved after a chat with the owner Michael, who arranged for breakfast items to be left in the dining room so we could get a feed in the morning.Michael is a friendly,polite gentleman and it was a pleasure to stay in his establishment.The room was comfortable and the hotel is perfectly situated for London.We stay in a lot of different Hotels in our line of work…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or55-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",I had a wonderful stay !!,"I had a wonderful stay !!  I spent 5 nights at the Chumleigh Lodge hotel for business visit to London. The location was great for my purpose, quiet and peaceful neighborhood, just 5 minutes walk from West Finchley tube station. After reading the reviews on here I was a bit worried, however I was surprised for the best the minute I entered the hotel. Everyone I dealt with at the hotel was warm, helpful, and competent to an extraordinary degree. The room was great, renovated and well equipped with a mini-refrigerator, microwave and a coffee corner. Quite small, as expected from a single room but inspired an intimate and homely feeling. It was by far the best single hotel room I ever had in London !!  I will definitely stay in this hotel again in my future visits to London and…",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or55-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",A real find in Finchley!,"I needed a place to stay at short notice so I could be near my work and this was the only hotel in the Finchley area which offered availability and affordability. Contrary to most reviews, I found Michael, the owner/manger to be very accommodating, helpful and pleasant to deal with. I was offered a comfortable, clean room which was made up every day, with a sink, TV and double bed. The staff were great and not rude at all and willing to go to extra lengths to provide me with jugs of water every night, store my dinner in the fridge and offer me a cooked breakfast (although I didn't want one every morning). I stayed for 7 nights in all and was very satisfied with the breakfast choices - continental or cooked, cereals, juices, cheese and pastries. The dining room is very pleassant…",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or55-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",BOOK A TRAVEL LODGE. DON'T STAY HERE!!!!,"bed clean but bathroom very dirty, rooms freezing no heat. asked for heat & got a portable heater. no service at all, didn't get a cooked breakfast. owners not friendly. left & booked in at Travel Lodge, cheaper than Chumleigh & cleaner with pleasant staff and warmer",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or60-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Stay well away!,"The room was ridiculously cramped, it had stains and and greasy finger marks on the walls. The bathroom was like a 70's camper van showroom, it was so tiny you could barely move an inch without rubbing against the shower curtain.The shower itself didn't work properly and the bathroom curtain was jammed on the railing. The quality of sleep was terrible as the Venetian blinds were paper thin and virtually see-through witch let the light flood in at 5 am, add to that the fact the walls were  wafer thin, I had a pretty miserable stay.Avoid if possible, only stay there as a last resort.",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or60-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London","Keep Far Far Away, It's Awful, Dirty, And Dangerous",It's completely disorganised. No one from the staff knows who booked what or what the rates are. The staff is rude and aggressive! The room was small dirty and old flimsy towels were given to us. It’s not worth the money. No service but lots of Rudeness.,Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or60-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Stay somewhere else,"Staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good.  When we arrived in the B&B in the evening our door was wide open on two occasions. Bathroom door could not be closed properly. Bathroom wasn't cleaned daily, drawers in the room were not clean. Walls and doors are very thin and the noise level during the night was very high. Pictures on the website do not represent the actual condition.  If you want to stay in the Finchley area choose the Comfort Hotel in Finchley where you get more service for your money, clean and more spacious rooms.",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or60-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Worst experience ever - stay away!!!!!,"My stay at Chumleigh lodge was an absolute nightmare. The room looked like a prison cell (apart from an old bed there wasn't space for anything else), the walls had dirty marks, sleep comfort equalled zero due to constant noise (waffer tin walls) and springs poking out from an old matress. Wi-fi was patchy at best, most of the time it was impossible to get a connection. The bathroom was a joke - it had the size of one of those compact units that you find in camper vans. It was dirty and it's size made it impossible to use the toilet or wash basin or shower without brushing against a wet and slimy shower curtain.  The staff, although friendly was completely useless (my laundry came back after 24 hours totally wet). To make matters worse on the first evening I had a stranger walk…",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or60-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Like a night in hell,"The hotel was like staying in a dreadful hostel, the owner was rude, the shower did not work properly, but worst of all was the noise, the walls are paper thin and there was movement and talking and coughing throughout the night. None of this was okay but this site will not allow a lower mark - it was like a night in a living hell",Date of stay: September 2010,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or65-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Nice but not clean,"The rooms were new and nicely decorated but unfortunately, they were not clean, especially the bathroom tub and the toilets. The bath tub curtain was so dirty that we asked to replace it by a new one. Bed sheets had holes in them. The matress was in an awful condition (causing a terrible night sleep) and after we requested, was replaced by a new one. We were on the ground floor so we also had traffic noise from the street in the morning (there was no A/C so we had to leave the window open to get some air). The management did try to make things better when we complained and tried to make efforts to satisfy us but they are just not professional. The good things about the place are the friendly staff, the large and comfortable living room for the guest use and the breakfast which…",Date of stay: July 2010,2.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or65-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Unpretentious Quiet lodging in London,The Chumleigh Loldge Hotel is unpretentious from the exterior but its rooms have all the amenities you would want and are extremely clean and functional. It is about a five block walk from Finchley Central station on the North Line of the tube.  A Tesco grocery store is nearby on the high street. Rooms have a fridge and coffee maker and flat screen tvs. My room on the third floor was cozy. Its a straight line to Leicester Square and the national theater although in exchange for quiet lodging you do have a bit further to go on the underground. The owner is very helpful and even allowed me to use his computer to print out my boarding pass. Breakfast is ample and in a sunny room.,Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or65-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",All in all not good but not terrible either,"I stayed at the Chumleigh lodge in the basic single room and would not advise others to do so. Firstly, my room key was awkward to get into the door and i spent a good 10 mins trying to get it to work as there was no one on reception when i arrived (Sunday evening so i didn't really expect reception).  My room was also quite cold during the evenings, i found there was a draft from a badly sealed window causing the problem. A further problem was the basic room had no shower and the shower provided at the bottom of the corridor was very poor. It was shared with a toilet, was very cramped and the water never warmed up so that i was able to comfortably stand under it for a shower. The water in my room was also quite poor, low pressure and whichever way i turned the tap, it gave out …",Date of stay: March 2010,2.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or65-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Great well equiped B and B,"After reading reviews we wasn't expecting much. We were very surprised by the interior of the place. A very modern lounge area. Our room was very modern and clean, which came with a fridge, microwave and flatscreen TV with freeview and DVD player. Breakfast room was also very nice with plenty to choose from in the free continental  buffet style breakfast. Staff at reception was very friendly and full of local knowledge on where to go and how. Only thing we didn't like was when we were told that for a fried breakfast we would be charged £3 each for it. We didn't see this advertised when we booked. Apart from that, this was a great place to stay!!",Date of stay: October 2009,4.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or65-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Stay somewhere else,"Do yourself a favor and stay FAR away. This place is a total dump. The place was nasty, smelly and nothing like the pics on the website. The bathroom was disgusting with cracked tiles and the tub was rusty and gross.  The rugs were stained and dirty. The beds were old and stained and I dont know what else to say.   I have stayed in a lot of hotels in my life and this was the absolute worst one ever. It is not a place I would ever stay again. One night was bad enough. If you have any expectation of a decent holiday, you will find somewhere else.  This place is the worst of the worst",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or70-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",great!,"We found the chumleigh hotel fantastic!  Very friendly and helpful. Clean warm room at a price that couldnt be beaten on the net considering the location!  5 min walk to tube that takes you straight into the heart of London withing 20 mins. Set in a quite area, so a good nights sleep is easy.  Good local shops and pubs, plus food everywhere! We will be returning in spring to this hotel.  If your wanting a 5 star hotel, then go pay 5 star prices. This hotel is clean, friendly, and a great base for exploring London, oh, and the full cooked breakfast was great too!",Date of stay: November 2007,5.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d645548-Reviews-or70-Chumleigh_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Chumleigh Lodge Hotel Inn Reviews, London",Not returning,"What a shame that this hotel didn't live up to its own advert,  ' We offer friendly service, clean accommodation and fully cooked English breakfast (Continental breakfast on request). ' Our room was cold, no heating at all, the bedding was stained, the beds worn, springs poking up, and when we went for breakfast there was no staff on the premises and waited over 45 minutes before some one turned up. We left with no breakfast, had a bad nights sleep and will certainly not return. ",Date of stay: March 2007,1.0
