,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely weekend break,"We really enjoyed our Stay here. The room as lovely, clean and modern.   We were welcomed with a glass of fizz and a quick check in. We attended brunch at Oxbo bank side which I can’t recommend enough. Hotel was clean but didn’t feel abnormal in these COVID times - it was nice how they’d managed to implement safety without it overbearing on our experience.  Breakfast was great in the morning with lots of choice.  Every member of staff was helpful and friendly.  Can’t wait to stay again! ",Date of stay: June 2021,5.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Really good hotel,"Stayed there on a business trip in March 2021 as a Diamond member. I have received a warm welcome on my arrival and was offered a deluxe room upgrade which was the best room the hotel has offered at the time. Zuzanna and Vanessa from the receiption team were really friendly and helpful.    The room is quite large for the London standards and the king bed was really comfy. The desk was really good as a working space with enough power plugs around the whole room. Bathroom was really clean, but there was a large shower in the place of a bath.     Due to Covid-19 restrictions, I did not get any opportunity to try out the exec lounge or the pool. Breakfast was very limited and the hotel only offered some pastry with a bottle of orange juice. I found it very poor compared to a warm breakfast offered by Hilton Metropole during my stay there a couple days later.   The hotel has some good transport links around, but they all require some walking (Southwark - 10 mins, Waterloo East - 15 mins, Blackfriars - 10 mins, London Bridge - 15mins). All of those stations are accessible.   All in all, I really enjoyed my stay at Hilton Bankside and I would definitely return there again, even for a leisure trip when all Covid restrictions are lifted.…",Date of stay: March 2021,5.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Very family friendly, nice hotel in great location ","Stayed for a weekend. Great location - a few mins walk to the Thames and 20 mins or so in either direction to London eye/tower bridge, but in a nice calmer, quiet pocket of London. Breakfast was fab - lots of hot and cold buffet choices and friendly, efficient staff.  Extremely family friendly but still luxurious. Stayed with a 6 year old and he was delighted with the sweet treats on arrival and fox teddy in his room. The interconnecting rooms work well for a family stay too. Rooms were on the small side, but very comfortable, modern, quiet and well equipped.  Friendly, polite reception/door staff that always had a welcome smile and chat with the 6 year old.  Had a couple early evening drinks on  the terrace of Oxbo bar. Very pleasant - a sunny, post lockdown weekend and all the thameside pubs were ridiculously busy, but Oxbo was relaxed and roomy!  Highly recommend and would book again if staying in London. …",Date of stay: June 2021,5.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for a family visit to London,"Great weekend stay at the hotel. One of the best family room set-ups we have experienced, especially with older children (10+). Super comfy beds. The goodie bags for the children were an extra special touch. No problem booking a slot for the pool, and it was enjoyed by all of us. Tasty breakfast with plenty of options for everyone. Super friendly and helpful staff throughout the hotel. Would highly recommend and hope to visit again soon!",Date of stay: June 2021,5.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or0-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in Bankside,"Stayed here with my wife after a night out in London.  The check in was smooth and efficient, especially liked the complimentary glass of Prosecco!  The bar is great with outdoor seating available. Service was a little slow here, but drinks were good.  The hotel is very model. Excellent appearance and ambience generally We found it hard to find any faults at all at this place. Recommended",Date of stay: May 2021,4.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We had a great stay. Such comfortable beds, great bathrooms, good black out curtains. Breakfast is top notch and all the staff are friendly and kind. Makes such a huge difference. The complimentary Prosecco for adults and sweets for the kids on arrival is a lovely touch. My only (slight) niggle is that some families seem to receive toy foxes, child size robes etc in their rooms but we didn’t have any of that. Perhaps an oversight?",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful 100% !!,"Wonderful service throughout. The staff can't do enough for you, nothing is too much trouble. The pool is wonderful. You get a slotted time of approx 1 hour. You can book this on check in. We had a family room, which was two interconnected rooms, lots of space and absolutely lovely. The fridges were great for storing food and there were complimentary beverages. The breakfast was superb. All in all...would highly recommend and looking forward to our next stay. Southwark tube is approx 4 min walk away.",Date of stay: June 2021,5.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great family minibreak,"We stayed here for a mini break with 2 young children. From beginning to end the staff were fantastic, little touches like drinks on arrival, sweets for the kids and fun bags with fox toys in.  The staff made us feel really welcome and gave the children lots of attention and accommodated.   Facilities are top, family adjoining room works well. Bar area great in the evening and breakfast was really good too.  Will be staying again!",Date of stay: June 2021,5.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great to be back,So nice to be back at this hotel which is one of my favourites in London.  The staff here are just wonderful. Special mention to Zuzana who is an asset to the hotel. The room - one bed suite - was excellent. Housekeeping was exceptional. Bar staff - especially Anabella - were great. Please just open the lounge up again. There’s no need for it to still be closed and I’d be interested in management feedback here - you can still social distance just as much as you can in your bar. Let’s get back to normal please Bankside! Overall a great stay.,Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or5-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Relaxing stay,Stayed a couple of weeks ago. Very friendly staff and very helpful. The breakfast wasn't great but the staff were very good about sorting it out. The pool is great and the rooms spacious .super comfy beds,Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Hotel nice, booking experience poor","Booking experience was one of the worst when trying to book a linking family room plus another room. However, the hotel is lovely, staff helpful and bathrooms are lovely. A bit more plush than your typical Hilton,  Does the job for a couple of days in London,",Date of stay: May 2021,4.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect weekend,The Hilton Bankside is in a brilliant location just minutes from the Tate Modern and the Southbank. It really feels like an oasis of calm as soon as you step inside and the design is beautiful. The hotel manages to create an intimate boutique atmosphere but at the same time offer all of the facilities you would expect from a 5 star hotel.  The staff are super friendly and attentive and can’t do enough for you. The Covid protocols are spot on but don’t compromise the experience in any way. All in all a fab weekend - my kids can’t wait to return.,Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London !!!!,"Totally fantastic !! From reception check in , breakfast service ( Maria ), hotel bar (Alex from Bulgaria ), bar supervisor , hotel manager .. amazing staff , all of them so professional and welcoming .. what a team !!  Hotel immaculate , nothing too much trouble , beds amazing , rooms spotless .. and what a location .. the south bank is fab , restaurants and bars all walking distance , the Tate and south walk tube .. excellent place .. must be the best run Hilton in London .. massively recommend .. you will not be disappointed .. what a wonderful break away we have had !!!",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Clean, comfy, modern great hotel","This was our 4th time staying with 7 of us. Each time we have had a really good experience but would say this time the staff have been the friendliest. They have gone above what is expected on arrivals, helping with taxis, talking to children etc.  Even with current restrictions we have really enjoyed the stay.  We used the pool which the children loved I would say try to book early to avoid disappointment as limited availability.  Room service was great. And staff in the bar were so friendly especially one man - not sure of his name but he was from Marseille France. Shame the lounge wasn’t open but the bento boxes, and comp drinks were nice, would have been good if had an different bento box option for kids as not really great for them.  Rooms were really clean and tea, coffee…",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or10-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The staff are amazing,We have stayed in this hotel lots because the staff really look after us. Nothing is ever too much trouble and are needs are always met. The bar is child friendly  and the club sandwich and burger are a must. The staff are attentive and very friendly. If you are in need of help David at reception is your man. He is very knowledgeable and helpful.  Would definitely recommend this Hilton hotel.,Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Still a favourite,"I used to stay in London a lot with work and always tried to stay here if I could because it was one of my favourites. I’d not been for a while and wondered what it would be like since covid and I’m pleased to say it’s still as good as ever. The staff are all very friendly and helpful, the rooms excellent, the location great on the South Bank.  The pool was open and was most welcome - Even the loud screaming kids couldn’t ruin it. Sadly the Exec lounge isn’t open yet but there drinks vouchers instead.",Date of stay: April 2021,5.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good but could have been great,"It’s really disappointing when hotels use Covid as an excuse to not offer service. Asked about upgrade on check in and was told nothing available as all rooms booked (contrary to what the site said). I then asked about paid upgrades and was given several options (all more expensive as an upgrade than it would have been to book the whole room price directly). Such a shame as everything else was so good.   Room was very comfortable. I loved the pillow so much I asked if I could buy one!  The bar staff were good and the Bento box was the first time a Hilton has properly made up for an exec lounge being closed (although hopefully it’ll re-open soon).  Staff were generally super nice at breakfast, reception and the bar, although the concierge was no more use than an internet search. …",Date of stay: April 2021,4.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good location,"This hotel offers  a good location and the rooms are average .  In additions, the pool was fully booked which was very disappointing as we were made to believe it would be and we could book a time on arrival . Food was not good value for money ",Date of stay: May 2021,3.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Commendable service and accmmodation,"We had our wedding reception at this hotel. That was the first day after UK covid restriction was ease up a bit that they allow a number of guests for indoor events. I would like to thank their events and management department and reservations team for the exceptional service they offered us.  Rooms: CLEAN, decent price, spacious, and excellent location ( near convenient and grocery stores as well)  Just highlight and thank Mr Atkinson (who handled our event flawlessly), Mr Zul, Mr. Spinelli (who was serving us on the day of the reception) - these guys are amazing.  Could not wait to stay more!",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or15-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceptional we can not wait to return,"Exceptional we can not wait to return!   We arrived on a Friday morning for the weekend, I am 7 months pregnant and not the most comfortable, David at the front desk very kindly provided us with a diamond upgrade so that I had a bath available which made all of the difference after miles of walking each day.  Our room was excellent, immaculate, the bed was extremely comfortable and it was very spacious. Breakfast was perfect, great choice very friendly staff and chef and a wonderful restaurant and atmosphere.   The business lounge has not yet reopened, however we were given two drinks and a bento box each, which we could enjoy in the bar or our room between 5pm and 9pm which was a great alternative.   We booked our pool times each morning for the next day and had a great hour in…",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"Perfect! The hotel was lovely, as soon as we arrived the staff were so welcoming and informative. The general hotel decor is lovely, modern and clean. Our queen deluxe room was spacious and comfortable with more than enough space, the amenities were generous and particularly the room had a lovely big shower. Breakfast was fantastic and to finish of a lovely stay the pool was the icing on the cake. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay and can’t want to return!",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great family hotel in the centre of London,"recently stayed at Bankside with my wife and son and had an amazing time. The communication was excellent, the room was perfect and the breakfast was diverse and wholesome.  Our son loved the little fox teddy bear they left in the room for him.  Love staying here, it is always my 1st choice hotel in london.",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Brillant Location","I am a seasoned traveller, favouring Hilton hotels for my stays whenever possible and I must say, this is one of the best ones I stayed at. The hotel is well situated and quiet. The staff members were willing to go above and beyond to make guests feel welcome and safe. The room was clean and room service excellent. I would highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: April 2021,5.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent on all fronts,"Stayed two nights on business and thought this a great hotel. Ticks all the boxes- location tucked behind Tate modern is very convenient, room well designed, spacious and comfortable, powerful and roomy shower and excellent breakfast- photos attached- during my stay room service only due to the pandemic. Hope to return soon. ",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or20-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good - more could be done for customer loyalty ,"I’ve stayed at this hotel a few times before and it is always one of my favourites in London.   During my stay in mid April, the lounge and restaurant are still closed; however they do have a nice outdoor terrace which is open and the staff working there were great.   Room service was excellent and thanks to Domenico who was very friendly and courteous.   I’m a Diamond member and I was left curious as to the benefits available during my stay: paid to upgrade to a suite as only a very basic upgrade was offered with no real difference in room quality, which I thought was unusual given the hotel was so quiet. No premium WiFi offered, no drinks vouchers for the bar, nothing.   Breakfast offering is very poor - a pastry, orange juice and an apple delivered to the room in a paper bag.…",Date of stay: April 2021,4.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Unsatisfactory,Wasn’t what I expected view wasn’t nice smelt like cannibis on the second floor where we resided also door banging smell of food from deliveries outside doors my toilet didn’t flush properly also pubic hair on seat receptionist was rather abrupt overall not valued for money as facilities weren’t available to use ,Date of stay: April 2021,2.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great one night stay!!!,"I checked in for one night due to having no water in my apartment. Really pleased with my choice of hotel - what a nice surprise.   Receptionist really friendly, the room service guy was so nice, shower big and good water pressure and the bed was comfortable.   Tip - ask for a room that doesn’t face the wall and has some view. No drama for me though ",Date of stay: April 2021,5.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"I stayed in this hotel as it was near a work interview but if your after a quick trip into the west end you will need to taxi its central but but not that central and was so pleased, service was fantastic from check in to check out and was everything I look for in a hotel which is  quiet and a decent shower ( im pretty tall ). I liked the hotel that much I booked again for end of April and plan on asking my gf to marry me there",Date of stay: March 2021,5.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Seven flawless days,"I came to this hotel because I am moving home and the new house is not ready yet. The structure is good, the rooms clean and spacious, but I noticed that the difference is made by the staff which in my opinion is the strong point of this structure. I found them all available, empathetic and attentive to my every request. In particular Domenico from the Room Service was fantastic in the attention to detail, in the way he served me and even advised me when I had doubts about the menu. The breakfast is always abundant. Thanks to all",Date of stay: March 2021,5.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or25-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Visit,It was lovely visit it would have been better if there was entertainment for my children or something to get them out of my hair for abit  and enjoy the time with my wife . Other then that  I would highly recommend the hotel to friends .,Date of stay: May 2020,4.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Come for the Breakfast, stay for the experience.","Personally have found the Hilton chain has responded rather poorly to the service they offer in this covid era.  Clearly things need to change but I genuinely can’t see why Hilton’s can’t offer basics like a cooked breakfast.  So it’s this that attracted us to this hotel.  Located just a few minutes from the Tate and River Thames. A short walk from Blackfriars, Southwark and Waterloo stations this hotel is located close enough to everything BUT not in a massively busy part of London.  Handful of local supermarkets, M&S foods and chain coffee shops, there are also a few eating locations within a short walk. London Bridge and Borough markets are a short walk / bus ride away. As are the hospitality along the Thames between Blackfriars and Waterloo.  Plus of course the hotel has its…",Date of stay: December 2020,5.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but don't bother with a lounge access room,"The hotel is really nice, I'd definitely stay there again but there were a couple of minor issues. Everything is new and clean. The bar/reception area is nice and the staff are friendly. The only downside is the lack of lounge access because of Covid. I understand why it's closed, but they shouldn't be selling 'lounge access' rooms when its been closed for weeks with no sign of re-opening any time soon. Its closure wasn't mentioned on the Hilton website, only when we arrived at the hotel, at which point we we're given six vouchers in lieu of lounge access - each voucher entitled us to two house drinks and a snack box in the hotel bar. This is a nice gesture but I'd rather have saved the money and downgraded our room type because I imagine all of their rooms are nice and the…",Date of stay: December 2020,4.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Hotel is nice, don't book Executive rooms","Hotel was nice in general, however I book Executive room with access to Executive lounge, however it was closed due to COVID-19, which is understandable. Received voucher for cold snacks in the box and for couple of drinks with very limited availability. Complained, but no one got back.  There was no single word at the time of booking a room that lounge is not available, however they sell it at a normal price.",Date of stay: September 2020,2.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location in my old stomping ground,"A visit during stage 2 covid in London. With family. Managed to book the pool for 7am . Great facility. Rooms very good to Hilton standard . Restaurant closed but eat in bar very nice. A handy location to get around London,",Date of stay: October 2020,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or30-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great hotel !,"We stayed at the Hilton Bankside for one night before lockdown for our last night out in London for a while. We had adjoining rooms for us and our 2 children. The hotel was great ! The staff were super friendly at check in ( a lovely lady on the front desk ) and made us feel very welcome. The rooms were really nice and comfortable large beds and well equipped bathrooms. We had drinks in the bar and had a really nice time. Breakfast was excellent, really good quality food and again the staff were so so friendly and helpful. We also managed to book in a morning swim With the kids. If we could we would have stayed for longer and will definitely return for a weekend stay as soon as we are allowed !",Date of stay: November 2020,5.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,GOLDEN WEDDING CELEBRATIONS,"We have just returned from the London Hilton, Bankside hotel.  Our Golden Wedding was celebrated here in real style!  From check in to check out we were treated exceptionally well.    The staff are trained to a very high standard, they all go the extra mile to make the stay perfect.  We would like to make a special mention of the following people.  Raoul, Joshua, Michela, Domenico.  There are other team members who deserve a mention so hope we haven't missed anyone out, by simply not recording their names.  Lee and I will certainly return as soon as we can and will not hesitate to recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,We love this hotel,"We have visited this hotel several times and we love it, so it was an obvious choice for my birthday break.  The hotel is pricey for what it is, but consistent. The beds are super comfortable and the staff always excellent. The breakfast is first class, but certainly over-priced. The chef was brilliant and happy to cook whatever we wanted. The hotel was very clean and Covid-secure measures were in place. Sadly, the pool (obviously working at a reduced capacity) was booked out as there was a half term splash promotion on that we weren’t aware of. It would be nice if our loyalty to this hotel was rewarded, which it wasn’t, but we will return anyway.",Date of stay: October 2020,4.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Enjoyed staying here, staff were excellent, but couldn’t use the pool as it was already fully booked for most of the day when we dropped our bags off at 9:20am (and one of the reasons we booked this hotel). A couple of other minor issues whilst there, but would stay here again!",Date of stay: October 2020,4.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay!,"Had 2 rooms when we took my elderly mum away for a short lockdown break.   Great location, superb facilities really helpful staff.  Not normally a fan of corporate hotels but we would certainly stay here again. Couldn’t really fault anything (actually a couple of really minor things that I am sure would have been put right if we had asked).   Thank you and thanks again for helping out with finding a room with a bath for my mum’s 83rd birthday. She was so delighted with that and has been telling everyone!",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or35-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not one single complaint,"Stayed here as a surprise birthday present for my husband.   First time at the hotel and I loved everything about it. Excellent service, amazing breakfast, beautiful rooms.   Didn’t get a chance to eat in the the restaurants, but have decided to come back again in 2 weeks with the children as it seems like a very family friendly hotel.   Location is perfect for the southbank it’s just a 10 minute walk to all the attractions. ",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing,Had a fantastic 3 night stay here to celebrate my 40th birthday. Hotel is in a really good location and the hotel is superb. Breakfast is super too. Love the bathroom and the speaker in the bathroom so you can listen to tv while getting ready. Staff can’t do enough for you. Would definitely return,Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely place,"Great Hotel and also very good location within walking distance from London Bridge and Waterloo stations. Our rooms were spotless clean and very comfortable ,  deco is very modern . Hotel is very covid safe!!!! Hand sanitiser we found everywhere - temperature check on arrival. Extremely nice and helpful staff , and appreciate to all staff members  to keep every corner of the restaurant, room , corridors, lifts in perfect cleanliness! Well done !!!!!! Also  thanks to Kristina from the reception who did everything to make us feel special!",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,"Hotel was spotless as expected. The welcome was warm, friendly and efficient. Our room was comfortable with high quality furniture and decor, a fantastically comfortable bed and a massive shower  The breakfast was very good, the hotel manager visited every table and was again very friendly. We genuinely could not find fault with the hotel or its excellent staff We shall definitely be booking in for a longer stay next summer. ",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great staycation night in London,I had visited the hotel earlier in year for brunch with friends and was impressed at that time therefore decided to choose this hotel for a celebratory night away with my Mrs.  Hotel is in a great location near Tate Modern and also has good access to the river and Borough Market.  I felt very COVID secure with staff ensuring proper social distancing and hygiene perspective.  The room was modern and very luxurious.  Excellent value for money!,Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or40-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good,"I had an excellent time at the Hilton.  I stayed in an executive suit which was very spacious and extremely clean.  The wifi was excellent and I was also amazed at how quiet it was in the room - you couldn't hear a thing which is just how I like it.  Also, some people have suggested that the decor is a bit dark but I personally liked the decor.    Breakfast was also a delight.  They have the usual cereals, yoghurts, pastries, muffins etc and they also do a hot full-English breakfast as well including sausages (vegetarian ones too), toast, potatoes, mushrooms, eggs and baked beans.  Because of covid-19 you have to order your hot items at the kitchen (like a canteen) but it takes them only a matter of minutes to make your plate for you.  And they definitely don't cheap out on the…",Date of stay: October 2020,5.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel again - during Covid,"We’ve stayed here before and had a superb experience then and just as good, albeit in different circumstances this time.  Due to C19 restrictions, the little touches like having duvet turned back and slippers laid out can’t happen.  But, the rooms are luxurious in an understated way, extremely comfortable beds. We didn’t have time to use the pool this time, but it really is a great Spa!   The hotel were accommodating with allowing an early 0900 check-in and responded quickly via the message function of the Hilton Honours app. Complimentary glass of Prosecco was well-received as was the service in the bar. They’re still operating a buffet breakfast (delicious with loads of choice) but everything is in portions covered with cling film over them- making it no different to going to…",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful break ,"From the moment we arrived to the time we left, this was truly a great and wonderful three night stay at a great hotel with amazing staff  The team thoroughly deserve a pat on the back We were upgraded to a suite being diamond members which was well designed and decorated  We are at the restaurant twice, for lunch and an evening meal and the food was very good The breakfast was amazing, this through Covid Each day for breakfast there was a different procedure due to current restraints and every time the food was perfect and the staff were amazing in their delivery The bar team delivered great drinks including cocktails, bourbon and various gin They also very kindly offered two glasses of champagne for our celebration, which was a very nice touch Great well stocked minibar of…",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Recommended!,"I've stayed here previously as it is one of my preferred hotels in this part of London. This latest stay was for three nights on business.  The hotel is well located, near Southwark Station, the Tate Modern, Borough Market and St Paul's Cathedral and the city. There are also a plethora of decent pubs, bars and restaurants within walking distance.  On check in, despite being a HH Diamond member, no upgrade was offered. The executive lounge, (which is very good when open, by the way) was closed due to COVID but I was given a drinks voucher for two drinks from the bar for each night of my stay, together with a snack box.  All of the public areas such as the lobby, bar and restaurant are modern and contemporary, which gives a feel of quite an upscale hotel. My Deluxe King room was a…",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb Hotel,My husband and I stayed for two nights. First thing we noticed was how welcoming the staff were and how Covid safe they had made the premises. Rooms were spotless and the restaurant and bar areas also impressed. Would definitely recommend. ,Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or45-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,As good as ever ,It’s always a treat to come here so I was a little nervous about how it might have changed post lockdown. I needn’t have worried:  whilst appropriate safeguards were in place they weren’t intrusive and the staff were as charming and helpful as ever. ,Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Luxury stay,"I booked this hotel as part of my partners birthday surprise to London. Upon arriving at the hotel the staff are absolutely superb and you get that 5 star feel straight away. We even managed to bag an upgrade without even asking due to the nature of our stay.  Upon going to our room on the third floor we were really satisfied with it. Very spacious living quarters, well lit, comfortable bed with bedside tables and charging points, bathroom was superb too!   My only negative criticisms would be the room had a through way door to the next room which really compromised on soundproofing and even though the guests next door were quiet, we felt as if they were in our room when they opened or closed doors. The lighting was a bit odd as you couldn’t just have certain lights on, it was…",Date of stay: September 2020,4.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"We visited as a couple celebrating our wedding anniversary and were not disappointed. Atmosphere is relaxed but the hotel feels covid safe. Hand sanitiser everywhere in reception, temperature check on arrival and masked areas and staff.  On arrival we were kindly offered a glass of Prosecco. We were afforded an upgrade and check in was actually enjoyable with lovely and friendly staff.  Room was absolutely spotless, bed was very comfortable and extras were great.  We had breakfast - again no issues with covid with a one way system and food wrapped or served to the individual. Great meal with plenty of choice, cooked food fresh and hot. Restaurant area was really relaxed with interesting and well thought out decor.  The hotel was quiet, calm, enjoyable and in a great location. We…",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Delightful,"Just had a two night stay at Hilton Bankside and extremely pleased with the entire experience. With Covid  restrictions in place, not the usual amenities and service but what was on offer was very adequate. Hilton Bankside is a  oasis in the area, very quiet and relaxing after a day out sightseeing, walking or touring London. The staff were all friendly, helpful and concerned for our wellbeing.  Rooms spotlessly clean with extra precautions taken at this time. Breakfast was wonderful with all the choices usually associated with Hilton but served differently. Hot or cold, cereals, fruit juices, cooked or just plain continental all readily available. To my delight, even vegetarian sausages!  Constant cleaning throughout the public areas so a feeling of safety and security was…",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"This is my favourite hotel in London. Near the Tate Modern and South Bank attractions. Rooms are spacious and modern, breakfast (even in Covid times) is excellent and the staff are always helpful. The bar is comfortable and the food is good. When open, the exec lounge is impressive.",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or50-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Amazing hotel, amazing service!","I recently stayed at the Hilton London Bankside with my fiance and what a beautiful hotel!   On arrival, we were greeted by extremely friendly and helpful reception team members. Our temperature was taken and were offered a glass of prosseco and a bag of candies. So sweet.  Our room was huge, very modern and spotless.  Room service was fanastic.  Parking very close by.   I just cannot fault this hotel.   My fiance and I are due to get married in Chelsea next month after our wedding in Barbados was cancelled and will stay at this hotel during our festivities!",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"A perfect stay in what is now one of our favourite Hiltons. Everything about the hotel is well done. Breakfast arrangements, working with the current restrictions, were excellent. The area is lively without being noisy with many restaurants and pubs within a few minutes walk. Staff were unfailingly friendly, helpful and welcoming. Thank you to everyone. ",Date of stay: September 2020,5.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Continues To Be Excellent,"Stayed here in a post Covid world on 31st August - check in was exceptional, with a glass or Prosecco on arrival, and an upgrade because of my Hilton Status - fantastic.   The hotel is as spotless as it always has been, and breakfast, whilst not self serve for hot dishes (a chef does this for you) is just as it was before - exceptional.   The swimming pool is now bookable in 45 minute slots, rather than just turning up - a Covid victim I guess.  Exec room was, as always spotless. The exec lounge is closed but they do give you drinks vouchers and a small bento snack box to make up for that - this was lovely too.  Location is walking distance to everything you need. The parking isn't available anymore so I used an app called your parking space and parked round the corner.   I'd…",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Bankside stay,"I chose the Hilton following a really positive stay during Covid at the Hilton Malta in July.  I (normally) visit London fairly frequently to meet with friends after living there for 7 years. However, this year things have been very different. It was important to me to choose a hotel that would be of a high standard, in terms of comfort, location and in these times, Covid-safe measures. My stay here definitely ticked those boxes, with ease.  The hotel has an excellent location, within a few minutes walk of Southwark station (Jubilee Line) and within 15 minutes of Blackfriars, London Bridge and Waterloo. Much of London is actually walkable without the use of public transport from this hotel (managed to walk all the way to Kensington!).   The hotel has a number of health measures …",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,It's a good hotel,"Raul the manager has is eyes full on everything, The reception staff are excellent, friendly and helpful,  The room we stayed in had a walk in shower which was sooo nice, The Bathrobes are AmaZing, Our room was large so we weren't turning sideways to get round things,  The bed was very comfortable,  Loads of power sockets, good WiFi,  Bottled water provided in room,  The hotel has focused on  art hung  around the hotel Location is perfect for the south Bank, and Borough Market etc.  Definately will stay again",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or55-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bankside Bliss,"Perfect stay, cannot fault anything, the staff are super friendly and Raul was the perfect Manager, seeing to all hotel guest's needs.  We stayed in a deluxe guest room 233, overlooking the beautiful architecture of the area.  Highly recommend, lots to see and do in the area and lots of small restaurants near. Borough, it is not an over touristy area and we prefer that.  We look forward to our next stay",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Affordable stay under unusual circumstances,"The Hilton London Bankside is located in London's Southwark neighbourhood whose architecture mix of historical brick and modern glass and steel add to its urban charm. Even though Waterloo Station, London Bridge, the Shard, Borough market, Tate Modern, Globe Theatre, the River Thames, Millennium Bridge, Saint Paul's Cathedral and the City of London can easily be reached on foot, the location may not be the most convenient for leisure travellers. This is especially true due to the Southwark tube station closure in the evening and on weekends, which was linked to the early stage past the Covid-19 lockdown.  The welcome at the hotel was friendly, which is generally true for the service and staff members, who swiftly and effectively reacted to requests of any kind. Nevertheles,…",Date of stay: August 2020,4.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton - you've done it again!  Amazing!,"Our family of 5 (in 3 rooms) have just enjoyed a 2 night stay at this hotel and we loved it.  As regular Hilton visitors we were utterly impressed with this hotel and it is now our favourite London hotel by far.  The staff were amazing throughout and we were particularly impressed with the covid-19 checking and cleanliness measures.  As other reviewers have said it is so close to the Tate Modern but is also close to other attractions and the walks to the London Eye, St Paul's, Borough Market are great.   We appreciated the drinks vouchers in place of access to the Executive Lounge but the Bento box offered was really poor - Hilton you can do better than that!   Finally, we thought breakfast was superb and well managed and a credit to you that you have it in full operation (when…",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beginning of lockdown UK,"I write this a little late as the madness that ensued our visit took precedence, obviously. We arrived on the 20th March, travelling from the Middle East into the UK just as lockdown began ( that night actually, all bars, restaurants were closed). I would like to thank the management and staff of The Hilton Bankside for their fantastic response to this pretty traumatic event for all. Their courtesy, common sense, humility and humanity moved me deeply. They cared for us, made in the spot, sensible decisions in what was unknown territory. I will not forget this anytime soon and when this is all settled I can assure you that my business is now forever yours when I am in London.  Thank you all and I hope that The Hilton Group have taken care of you as you did to those of us that…",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel and service,"I stayed here in August for two weeks before heading into France.  Full disclosure - I am a Hilton Diamond member.  I have stayed at plenty of Hilton’s in London, and this hotel has to be the best.  The location is awesome, right next to the Tate Modern on south bank.  It is easy to walk to pretty much anywhere in central London, and I logged around 5-7 miles a day seeing the sights.    The service here is exemplary.  From the team checking me in and getting me situated, to Raul (the hotel manager) making sure everything was ok and taken care of.  He and his team are among the best I have seen in the world.  And I stay in hotels 125 days a year.  The hotel had great Covid precautions in place, and only 3-4 people could work out in the gym at one time.  The pool is open as well,…",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or60-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent ,"Stayed with my family including a 5 and 8 year old who are well behaved.  Very welcoming staff, very friendly. Offered the children a bag of sweets on arrival (they did ask me first if that was ok).  Very clean rooms, which were above our expectations.  We were fortunate enough to use the pool which was fabulous.  Good location, easy enough to find parking. It’s literally behind the Tate Modern so easy access to the river.  All round fab stay-cat! ",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A warm welcome - genuine hospitality,"We stayed for one night at the end of August - I chose the hotel because of the pool and I was not disappointed. We felt very welcome from the moment we arrived - and for the 24 hours we were in the hotel we were well looked after and felt very safe. Although quiet - we did not feel out of place - there were enough people in the bar and restaurant to create some atmosphere. Staff were lovely - helpful and chatty. Pool was the highlight - I swam twice. Strange times, but the Hilton has risen to the occasion. Top tip - there is table tennis to play outside!",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lettuce sandwiches on white bread? Curious!,"As a Hilton Diamond member thought I'd be brave and try a hotel stay for the first time this year. I have stayed here in the past and been bowled over by the quality of the lounge and service.  The room this time was clean enough.  Good Diamond upgrade (but missing a coffee machine). The lounge was closed (possibly COVID related, possibly cost-cutting).  Offered 2 drinks vouchers in the bar plus a mystery snack.  The Diamond paperwork promised the snack would be a canape (singular) in the lounge. Given instead a Bento box.  Bento box very pretty but not suitable to sterilise thoroughly.  Bento box contained 2 salad tomatoes, 1 carrot fragment, 1 slice of raw red pepper, 1 slice of cheese, spoonful of houmous and a handful of pretzels and 2 crackers.  Also 1 sad clingfilm wrapped…",Date of stay: August 2020,3.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Friendly & clean,We highly enjoyed our stay at the Hilton London Bankside. Staff was friendly and helpful across the board (e.g. Thomas from the front desk). Room and facilities were clean and in good shape. Well done - we will come back! ,Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Short Family Break,"We stayed here last week as a large family group as a last minute short break. The hotel was spotless and very modern with staff dealing with the COVID situation remarkably well whilst still maintaining an elegant, classy atmosphere in this beautiful hotel. Breakfast service was superb with the Manager being very welcoming.  Happy Hour between 5-6pm was also very well received.  Lots of places in vicinity, namely The White Hart for a drink, The Refinery restaurant and many supermarkets down the street. Well done and we will be back!",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or65-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"We stayed here for my sons birthday as it was close to the aquarium etc.... we had a one bedroom suite... which was huge for the price and in London! Very clean and well presented - the only downside was the lights - you either had to have them all on or all off.... no side lamps on.. which is odd!  We had tea and a coffee machine with biscuits, the toiletries were nice - however no where to dry towels... or swimwear after we had a swim!   The pool was a good size but very loud... sorry to the couple who were trying to enjoy a swim with our noisy children!   The breakfast was great - a Buffet style but socially distanced and a great variety!   We received free drinks and nibble boxes early evening as part of our honours club!   All in all a great hotel - would stay again for…",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing - If I could give a higher rating I would,"Myself and my partner stayed here a couple of days ago and it was amazing.  My partner booked this as a surprise and it didn’t disappoint. From the moment I walked in the doors I felt so safe and relaxed. Covid 19 protocols in place are  extremely reassuring, everywhere was spotlessly clean and all staff we came into contact with were so welcoming and helpful. We ate in both the restaurant for breakfast and the bar for an evening meal. Breakfast was a delight. So well laid out, staff were extremely attentive and the breakfast itself was delicious. Our food in the bar was also very good and again staff really provided outstanding service.  Our room itself was on level 6 and it was spotless. All public corridors and lifts were also extremely clean at all times.  We used the…",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,3 Nights ..,"Checked in today. Unfortunately Lounge is closed, but we got drinks voucher and a glass of fizz when we checked in. Very much miss the Concierge, Valet Parking and assistance with Luggage. There is parking just along the road at £30 a night. But that’s all understandable during this time. As always the hotel is spotless and smells nice. This is now the best Hilton in the U.K. by a long way. Park Lane, Glasgow and Trafalgar are just a patch on their former selves .. Bankside Hilton should provide U.K. Hilton Training to show the others.",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Never Hilton again.,"Found my stay at Hilton bankside somewhat unpleasent .  This hotel would rate better in my book I Think as a mediocre 4-Star hotel.  On weekends the bar and lobby area is transformed into a Big private event and one can hardly enter for drunk people. I find it undesirable to ‘live’ in the middle of someone else’s private bash, and prefer a quiet hotel.  Rooms didnt smell fresh, although they did try their Best and provided an air purifier. Beds were not very comfy.",Date of stay: January 2020,2.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Faultless,"Superb customer service from the moment we arrived. Carried out all of the Covid checks in a polite and professional manner. Offered us a glass of prosecco on arrival which was a nice touch. Room was clean, spacious and comfortable. Breakfast was spot on as well. Even extended an already generous checkout time by a few hours. Thank you for making our stay special in these difficult times.",Date of stay: August 2020,5.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or70-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb - Perfect example of how to adapt,"Having had a recent stay that did not go well at a hotel near to this one (Marriott) I was concerned how this could go, but Hilton Bankside demonstrated hot hotels can adapt so well to the current situation.  They were in touch prior to arrival to advise what they could offer and how things had changed.  The arrival was great quick temperature scan, glass of sparkling wine and off to the room, which was a very nice upgrade.  As a Hilton Diamond member I would normally have lounge access, but currently the lounge is closed. You get vouchers for drinks and a complimentary snack box at the bar in the evening, a very nice touch.  Breakfast was excellent, you select your table and it is then set, they have a selection of sealed items in the fridges and coffee/tea available.  You then…",Date of stay: July 2020,5.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,First visit but a really pleasurable one ,"Stayed here for one night on business. Offered a glass of Prosecco on arrival following the temperature check and hand washing station. Lovely upgrade to an executive room and lounge closed (expectedly) but a voucher for 2 drinks and a bento box of snacks and food- well thought out. Room clean and lovely facilities and a range of teas. Breakfast quiet (expected) self service for some things and hot food served and made to order. Poached eggs cooked to perfection, nothing too much trouble for the waiter or breakfast chef and ingredients really good quality. Well done to staff in unusual new circumstances but same old Hilton warmth hospitality and service shone through - actually relaxing in this odd time. Well done to the team!!",Date of stay: July 2020,5.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A wonderful weekend visit...,"We fancied getting away after seeing the same scenery for 4 months, so headed to London for a weekend. We got a fantastic deal at the Hilton London Bankside.  We were slightly wary of this being the first hotel we've visited since the lockdown, so there was a slight nervousness upon entering reception. These nerves were soon put to rest as it was clear to see that the entire team were very well rehearsed with the current standards. We were temperature checked on arrival, and then asked to sanitize our hands. From then, it was 'business as usual' with the check in process. Staff were wearing face masks and there were perspex screens too, but staff carries on as usual and they remained friendly and courteous.  There were touchless hand sanitizer stations everywhere, so you were…",Date of stay: July 2020,5.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Visit!!!,"Stayed here for 5 nights.  From start to finish, it was a great visit.  Nice and easy checkin.  We had a nice spacious room in a quiet location on the top floor.  Executive Lounge was great.  Very nice and comfortable to sit and relax there.  Both food and drink were great.  The buffet breakfast in the restaurant was also superb.  The hotel is in a great location.  Short walk to the Southwark underground station, about a 10 minute walk to Borough Market and Tate Modern is just one block from the hotel.  There is a great pub right down the block from the hotel called the White Hart Pub.  Also, a special thanks to Adeshola who is a Concierge Team Member who was incredibly helpful.  ",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Impressive Value for an Excellent Property,"This is a beautiful hotel in Bankside. I booked because of the central location and the price, but was pleasantly surprised that it was a 5* hotel. Loved the fox motif tied to the construction of the hotel.  Check-in was a breeze. We arrived at noon and were thankful for a room immediately after a long journey. Bell staff took our bags immediately and delivered to our room promptly. Desk staff asked about our plans and were willing to offer suggestions if needed.  The room itself was beautiful. Modern with dark wood and nice lighting. Very comfortable bed and wonderful rainfall shower. Comfortable robes, with turndown service.  Location was great for us, 7 min walk to the Underground and a 10 min walk to Borough Market. Convenient grocery stores located downstairs.  Highly…",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or75-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Boutique Hotel,"Relaxing atmosphere in the hustle and bustle of London. Extremely supportive staff. Spacious, peaceful & Quiet room. Walking distance to many of the London must visit attractions.   For Vegetarians, breakfast Menu has scope for further addition.",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Mr Martin,"Great hotel, everything thought of, spot on! Lovely helpful staff throughout our stay especially Alioune, he went above and beyond-really helpful and friendly young man  thank you. We will definitely be coming back 🥰",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,excellent ,"breakfast was good and dinner was really wow.lots of space in the room with greenery around, location was a plus point for us. will come again hotel was hygiene and all the services was up to the mark, nothing to complain ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for weekend break ,A really relaxing hotel with spacious rooms and a great executive lounge. The rooms were peaceful and quiet. It was walking distance to many attractions and I’d definitely recommend to stay again. High service ,Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel,"My first and definitely not last time. The hotel staff delivered great standards for the entire staying. Starting from the warm check in with the friendly and professional Melania who answered every question i made with a smile and good knowledge. Customer service excellent my compliments to Stefanie witch she delivers it in the best manner.  Hotel rooms were clean and cozy, bar and lounge area was amazing and with good atmosphere, same as the breakfast great delicious food and staff as well helpful 10/10.  Thank you and definitely my first choice from now on when I’m back in London!",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or80-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel with excellent standards,"Great hotel with excellent standards, all staff we encountered were friendly and polite, that included check in, the  distillery bar and the executive lounge. The hotel is modern and clean and just a stones throw away from the Tate Modern and a short walk to the vibrant Borough Market . We stayed in one of the executive rooms which gave us access to the executive lounge which is one of the best lounges we have used , great area with very good food and very efficient and friendly staff.  We shall definitely be returning in the future",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A nice hotel in a good location,"Beautiful from the inside and also nice also from the outside.  Help desk very helpful. Nice, but small, indoor pool. A very good breakfast with a nice restaurant. Tube in a short walking distance from the hotel. Also a two minute walk from Tate Modern.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not your average Hilton! ,"Hilton hotels are so ‘samey’ but not this one. Beautiful modern decor. Great location and the staff can’t do enough to help. If I was being really picky, more lights in the bedroom please!   Spacious room and bathroom with plenty of storage areas. ",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, great location, and excellent accommodations!","I've now stayed at this hotel three times. The place is beautiful, the rooms are gorgeous and well kept, and every staff member I've interacted with there is very friendly. The breakfast is amazingly good! Many, many options to choose from. Definitely will return!",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Hotel, Great Stay",The service was professional and rooms very clean.  Nice amenities like turndown service and cookies.  Staff was courteous.  Great location and <45 minute walking distance to most of the areas I was interested in London.,Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or85-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Almost Brilliant all Round!,"WE stayed here for a week to see London as its close to the river and has lots of things to see nearby. You can walk to so many attractions from the hotel for example The Shard, Tower Bridge, Millennium Bridge, ST Pauls, The Globe etc. The underground is also very near and easy to get to. The hotel is modern and classy with a good restaurant and popular bar. There are usually specials on most days too. The staff are wonderful at the hotel. Melania on the front desk was amazing and helped us so much! We checked in earlier and because we had an executive room with lounge entrance included, we could use the lounge area as soon as we arrived. This made us feel relaxed and at home. The food was extremely good as well as the service. The lounge staff are super, especially the…",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside,"Best Hilton I have ever stayed in.  That says a lot as I have Diamond status. Every member of staff I met, from check in, to Sorin in the leisure centre, Anna at the bar and James the general manager went above and beyond to be friendly, professional and courteous. You have a fantastic product- be proud. This is now my go to Hilton for London.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Super clean modern hotel in a great location.,"We were really surprised at how good this hotel was for the price. Stayed in a King suite with access to the lounge. Room was a good size, bathroom nicely appointed. Spotlessly clean .Everything is modern and thr staff are really friendly. Bed was super comfy and the breakfast was excellent. Very close to the Tate and couple of restaurants nearby. Would definitely return.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Excellent property. Only negative was my room window was facing a wall, but I didn’t spend much time in the room. Room and bathroom are spacious. I had a billing issue which was quickly resolved and they sent up a bottle of wine because of my inconvenience. It’s worth getting the breakfast included with your visit. Thank you Anthony Samms for your professionalism. I highly recommend this place.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Option for Central London Stay,"Not all Hilton's are really good or even decent these days, but the Bankside is excellent.  Proper doorman and bell services upon arrival, inviting lobby, and warm and welcoming check-in service.  The basic room was spacious (particularity by London standards), modern in design with no signs of wear, proper amenities and a very well designed (and even more spacious) bathroom.  Management provided small extras and ensured all of our needs were met.  We found the location to be a good ""middle"" choice from a tourist perspective.  Not in the middle of an overly loud and crowded area, but also not removed for tube lines and good food and drink. After a week, we had nothing to complain about and much to praise.  This is now my new preferred hotel when visiting London.",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or90-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,5 pounds for using a fork,"stayed here for 3 nights like couple of weeks back. this time staying here for 12 night at around 270 pounds per night. sure, facilities are as they say. nothing out of the ordinary if one's rating is 5 star but here's something. i called reception requesting one fork be sent up to my room. i wasn't buying fork from hotel. just using since they had spoons in my room already but no fork. i was told to use a fork it'll cost me 5 pounds. i'd say penny wise pound foolish since obviously i'm a return customer, obviously my stay is longer and certainly there are chances i'd be back (if i so choose to) been a traveler a long time and traveled all over the world and always had the pleasure of staying at nice hotels. First time a hotel, 5 star at that, asked me that they charge for the…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in a great location,"We stayed here for 3 nights and found everything about this hotel first class. The staff are attentive and friendly, the room was modern and spacious, and the hotel facilities were excellent. It is only a five minute walk from Southwark tube station which made it very easy to get around London, and is just a stones throw from the Tate Modern.  We had a super king size bed which was extremely comfortable (if a little squeaky). The bathroom is large and of a high standard with an excellent shower and complimentary toiletries. It even has a speaker if you want to hear the TV in the bathroom. You are provided with robes and slippers which we used in the hotel's indoor pool, which was heated to a nice temperature, complete with an area that had water jets. They also have turn-down…",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Impressive hotel amenities ,"Stayed here for 4 nights and I absolutely have no complains except for the minor hiccup where the room we were first assigned, had a loud noise when we switched on the water tap. We had room switched immediately after we provided the feedback.   Other than that, the hotel provided us baby crib and baby necessities such as shampoo, doll, blanket. The king sized room was spacious and cleaned. We did enjoyed our stay here.  I would say, the only thing is the subway is about 10 minutes walk from the hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hilton’s I have used.,"I have focused on using Hilton properties exclusively over the last 2 years and this has been the best hotels in my experience. The attention from the staff is without question superb. Whether it was the ladies who came to the room, the attendants in the restaurant, or the person greeting you at the door, everyone made you feel special. The rooms were large, clean and comfortable. I cannot complain about anything. ",Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,This was my second stay and cannot fault the staff or the facilities. The hotel is in an excellent location very close to the Tate. We chose as we were visiting the Shard. Great breakfast with so much choice. Really friendly staff and great service. Rooms are spacious and the walk in showers are amazing! ,Date of stay: February 2020,5.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or95-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Forthcoming Experience,"Friendly and detailed support, especially for general questions, like tourist spots. Concierge, Mr Zalan, took careful care of our needs. Appreciate also that receptionist found a solution for us to extend our stay another 3 days in the same room (same category), which saved us a lot of hassle. The Gym and swimming pool are superb, and feels very private (not crowded). The breakfast in the OXBO restaurant (part of the hotel) is just sublime, and the service personnel there are very friendly and helpful. It is also nice to have simple conversations with hotel employees. Overall, a wonderful experience, thank you.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice Start to a Trip,"Decided last minute to use Hilton points for this property and am I glad I did. As a Diamond I was given Amazing Front Desk Service, a Nice Executive Lounge with good breakfast, afternoon tea and some evening drinks and food. The Breakfast in the restaurant was as good as it gets.  Nice variety of hot and cold items. Nice upgraded room with a Bathroom that had 2nd Best shower behind Hilton Tokyo. Definitely would stay here again",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good modern Hilton though lackluster service in restaurant and bar,"Had a very good 4-night stay here. After arriving at Paddington Station via the Heathrow Express it was a 17 pounds cab ride to the hotel. This is definitely one of the more modern and chic Hiltons in London. As a Hilton Gold I was upgraded to a King Deluxe room which was more than enough for 2 of us and our 4 suitcases. Room was modern as evidenced by the abundant number of USB charging sockets and the daily complimentary water and soft drinks were welcome.   Location-wise it is not the most convenient for getting around London given that it was a 6 minute walk to the nearest Tube station but it is situated next to the Tate Modern and we enjoyed walking around the bankside area. Staff-wise the front desk and bell staff were great, always welcoming and helpful.  The hotel loses…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent health club,"I visit the health club regularly as I am a member and live in London -  I am not writing as a hotel guest with a room. I was delighted to find this club, as its membership rates are excellent value for money considering the very high standard of the facilities. The changing area is always spotlessly clean, the air fresh and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Lots of nice touches, like lovely soft white towels for every visit, good quality liquid soap and body wash, good sized lockers and an effective swimming costume dryer. The gym has fresh filtered water and fresh fruit available too that's refreshing after a swim. The pool is a good length for a hotel pool and just the right temperature, not too warm so more like getting into a bath and not too cold so you can't stay…",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,I would stay here again.,"Location is great. Area has lots of restaurants and pubs, plus wonderful shopping. Walk to Borough Market, The Tate Modern, The Globe and also several different tube stops. Navigating London from this hotel could not be easier.  Hilton Honors program is strong here! Executive Lounge has great food, and wonderful service. You could make a meal out of the happy hour buffet, which is ideal if you are catching a play at the Globe, or a show in West End, and are looking for something light, pre-show. Also, the drinks are free. Best of all, they literally come to your table and offer you dessert, which they bring to you with a smile. Everyone here was so friendly and customer focused.   During our stay, we walked past at least 4 other Hiltons, and every time we commented on how glad…",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Short Break,Family of four. Had a lovely time at this hotel. Very modern and bright decor. Reception team all very friendly and welcoming. Room spotlessly clean and good facilities. Comfy bed and pillows. Breakfast excellent and had a meal in the restaurant which was lovely. All staff encountered very friendly. Hope to return soon.,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,(Another) Birthday Weekend visit,"This is my 4th or 5th time at this hotel. The hotel itself is well placed you like being just outside the busy streets of central London, whilst being just an easy 15 or so minutes walk into town. Whilst this is my preferred London hotel, what is always a disappointment is the breakfast. As a vegetarian who also doesnt eat eggs, theres not a lot to choose from, especially in terms of hot food.  Rather than having the usual hash browns, Bankside opts to have fried potato cubes which are always, always undercooked and hard. If I did eat eggs then the omelette station looks good, but it's not an option for me, so it's really just grilled tomatoes that are hot that I can eat. What's more of a shock is that the hotel has a dedicated 'vegan' bedroom, so why not up the game at…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Niece’s birthday ,"Thank you to all the staff involved for making my niece’s birthday stay so enjoyable, including the unexpected birthday cake! She was really pleased, her friends were impressed and I am a very grateful auntie. ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect for weekend break,"Stayed here on a recent weekend trip and cannot rate the hotel high enough. Only booked last minute after switching from another hotel and so glad we did! Very friendly staff at all times, very tasty breakfast, room was very spacious and the bed was so comfortable!! Within 5 minutes of Southwark tube station and 10 minutes of Blackfriars too. Will definitely book again",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel for business,"Very nice hotel for business and vacation stays if you need to be in the London Bridge area. Hotel is very nice, staff is excellent and they have a nice gym and pool as well. The area is full of nice restaurants and shops. ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Snazzy Choice in Bankside,"Very modern and stylish choice in an incredibly convenient location, just steps behind the Tate Modern.  The area is really interesting, full of unique shops and restaurants (and plenty of chains too of course) and just down the road from Borough Market and the buzz of that high street.  The hotel lobby is comfortable, although a bit small.  The executive lounge was fantastic, one of the best I've seen.  The attached restaurant and bar were quite appealing, and we ate breakfast every day in the hotel and really enjoyed it.  The staff were very accommodating and helpful.  We had to choose a second room as our first looked at a wall, and then we were upgraded on the second night of three total.  The rooms are really well appointed, simple but elegant-modern.  The beds made for a…",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Service,Its not often I write reviews and I stay in a lot of very good hotels. The Hilton and specifically Daniele really went the extra mile on service. I was able to sms anything and the reply came almost instantly to resolve and action. I couldn't ask for more. The room was as you would expect. I would stay here again because of the outstanding service.,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,You can bank on this hotel,We stayed overnight here after a theatre visit. What a great hotel and worthy of their five stars rating. A casual mention that we were celebrating my birthday elicited complementary glasses of Prosecco and on returning to our room a ‘Happy Birthday’ note and beautiful gateaux from Melania and her team at the front desk. Bedroom was super once we had found the wardrobes (!) and the bed very comfortable.,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,All round great stay ,"The location is perfect for tourists and in particular families. Bankside is humming with activity and the hotel sits within a few minutes walk of the area. Southwark underground station is a short walk to/from the hotel (less than 10 minutes). The rooms are modern, of good size and stylish. We had interconnecting rooms which were perfect for two young teenagers to have their own space.  The staff were very helpful and friendly.  We will definitely stay at the Hilton Bankside again.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A beautiful hotel with some issues,"The rooms and hotel were comfortable and beautiful. Our included breakfast as Hilton Gold members was fantastic. Unfortunately, we encountered a couple of issues during our stay that detracted from an otherwise great stay.  The first was a plumbing issue in our room. Turning on the hot water caused a racket from the pipes, almost like a ship's horn. It made using the hot water in the evening difficult after one of us had gone to sleep. To their credit, they seemed to have fixed it by the end of our stay, but it was very bothersome the first couple of evenings.  The second was poor service at Oxbo during breakfast. On one of the mornings, there were about 4 or 5 staff members standing and talking amongst themselves instead of attending to guests. While they mingled, we had to…",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stay,"One of the staff members Fabian Patel, a young man was very friendly, respectful and welcoming. Made my stay very pleasant :) I enjoyed myself too  and would deffo come again, would 10/10 recommend....",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing,Beautiful hotel with a nice design touch. Loved the sea bass at the restaurant.  Exceptional service - staff graciously helped me deal with a plug/ transformer issue even though it was very late. Will definitely stay again!,Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing staff,"My family stayed at this hotel at the start of January.  The welcome from the staff at reception, the bar and in the lobby was so warm and they made our two small children feel really welcome.  Congratulations Hilton Bankside - that’s how you do customer service ! ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Stay of 2020 So Far...,"This has been my favourite property whenever I stay in central London for the past 3 years.  To start the New Year, I decided to bring my family here and we enjoyed every bits of our time. You can’t beat the breakfast here with freshly made waffles & pancakes plus the omelette station (a bit of smile from the chefs would be awesome).  This is our first time to use the swimming pool and we really enjoyed it.  The Executive Lounge was the cherry on top as we were taken care very well by the team who worked there.  We were here to see Olafur Eliasson exhibition at Tate Modern and we use this property as our overnight base.  Looking forward for our future stay here next month!!! Job well done guys!!!",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Short Break,"Excellent hotel, location, staff service all round. Room service with breakfast excellent. Room very clean and attention to detail. Would find it difficult to be critical in any way.  From the first contact on arrival to the last on leaving, whilst not maybe the cheapest it’s great value for money. ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceptional,We stayed here as part of a wedding group and had two interconnecting rooms. They were modern and had all the services you needed including a fridge you could use for your own use! The staff were friendly and food options extensive for breakfast. The price was great value and we got instantly recognised as gold members at checkin.,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Christmas getaway- brilliant ,What a great weekend.  The hotel staff were brilliant with Christmas jumpers and complimentary mulled wine at check in.   Lovely room and the executive lounge is one of the best Hilton do  Such a great location and what a great hotel,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Visiting Tate Modern,"Hotel, including executive package was Reallohn Great, as always. Roms are very comfortable and cosy.  Breakfast and lunch haf been recommendable as well as the cream tea.  Situated next the Tate Modern you can make several stops there.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"Newer hotel and very clean, helpful people. Pricy break fast but good quality. I would return to this hotel next time I come to London again in the future. Location are also near the subway and railway. Lots of places to eat near by.",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing hospitality!,"I tend to stay at this hotel for business trips, and am always welcomed by the lovely staff. In particular, during my latest trip down to London, I was looked after by Alioune, who made sure things were in place for me throughout my stay. I was met with a friendly smile, and felt at ease at the hotel with staff like Alioune ensuring everything was in place!  Thank you to the staff & Alioune for making my trips down to London the easiest they can be :)",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay in the heart of London!,"My husband and I recently spent the night at The Hilton Bankside and must say it's a real gem of a hotel. Having stayed at numerous Hiltons all over Europe I must say this might be one of the best. Everything was to a very high standard from the moment we set foot in the hotel lobby. The room was large, modern and clean. The staff were all welcoming and helpful. The location is fantastic - right behind the Tate and not far from Borough Market. We will definitely visit again!",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent as Always,"Bankside never let us down! Stayed for just one night with our children. Executive lounge was lovely, staff is welcoming and friendly. We were offered bowl of penne pasta with tomato sauce and cheese for the children in the lounge for free, so we didn't have to drag them in the restaurant or outside. Kids loved the christmas decoration and they loved searching for hidden foxes everywhere. Buffet is great, could have more healthy options but we still thought it was fab! Swimming pool was great and kids had tons of fun! Rooms are spacious, clean and comfy. Thank you Bankside! ",Date of stay: January 2020,5.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Family London Christmas Vacation,The Hilton Bankside served as a base for my family’s stay in London over the Christmas holiday.    Very close to the Tate Museum & walkable distance to the London Eye area.  Very clean hotel and the room sizes are similar to hotels in larger cities like New York and Paris.    We were able to book one of the family interconnected rooms which worked great for us.     The tube is close but given my family of four it was just as easily $$$ wise to Uber to places we couldn’t walk vs. buying individual tube tickets.    My Hilton status allowed my family to access for their breakfast buffet which was a major plus.    Definitely will stay here again.,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic hotel, flawless service","Had a four night stay here with family members aged 12-70. What a pleasant experience! Friendly and professional staff, spacious rooms and bathrooms, all fairly new (I was told the hotel us 4 years old), excellent restaurant and even the spa was a treat. Will definitely return ",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,All new and clean. Friendly,Hotel was very nice condition. Location was so easy to approach anywhere. Not too busy area. Staffs were super friendly. Room was nice and clean. All new. We will go back here.We had new tear celebrations at the bar. People were good.,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,Excellent stay. Stayed in room 610 from 26 to 30 December 2019. Very comfortable bed. Spacious room for London standards. Excellent breakfast. Nice ambience. On of best hotels in London! Will definitely return.,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, attentive staff and a decent bar","Have stayed here a few times now, and quite like the design of the rooms, which are kept very clean.  The staff are attentive without being intrusive, and there are some fun characters in the Bar and restaurant to make the experience all the more pleasant.",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Christmas 2019,Hector excellent attention on the breakfast in the Hilton LONDON bankside. UK employees too much arrogant in special people on the front desk. Tanya sent me a lot messages but never answers my suggestion.  In summary people is very important in all business and of they don’t collaborate you have problems. Happy new year 2020,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London stay made great by Panos (Reception Supervisor),"Had an amazing stay on the 8th of December!! Mainly thanks to Panos for going the extra mile, offering an upgrade and a lovely welcone amenity!! Also, offered me one on the lovely fox dolls to give to my niece!! Great stay and lovely hotel!!",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Christmas 2019 family vacation - London,"Overall we were happy with our stay at Hilton London Bankside.  Pluses - we had to get a family suite since we were 2 adults and 2 kids...  room had 2 rooms with 2 tv’s, 1 full bath with tub/shower and another shower and 1/2 bath in other room.  We liked the room. - housekeeping was very good - concierge surprised our son with dessert and balloons on his birthday - Christmas stockings left on door - lounge was nice amenity, but sometimes hard to find seating  -lobby decorated for holidays which was nice   Negatives - purchased movie bundle but movies had to be restarted several times and maintenance had to visit room -  maintenance came to “check room fridge” unannounced and entered room while my wife was in the other room and he did not apologize for indiscretion. - oxbo…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stay at the Hilton London Bankside,"Stay here people! It is easy to get accommodation in London wrong. Too expensive, old, too small, too far out or a combination of all of these... This is NOT Hilton London. Great value, great location, helpful staff and a large modern room (with a soft snugly bed). SO happy with my stay",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing family escape,"Wonderful experience at the Bankside Hilton, and very helpful and friendly staff that really made an effort to make us feel at home. We were really taken care of by all the team during the visit, will be back again! ",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Second time here,Really love this hotel. Came for a night last year and came for a week stay this year. Staff is really friendly breakfast is a great value. Probably best executive lounge I’ve seen at a Hilton. Great location ,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent and warm welcome,"Once you've been to the Hilton Bankside not many other hotels will meet the same expectations... We love to stay at the Hilton Bankside. Excellent welcome, excellent service, polite and attentive staff. Well designed and decorations adapted to season. Breakfast is as always a walhalla. So thank you to the Hilton Bankside for giving us a very pleasant stay again and again. Last stay was very special - a 5 star treatment because our room was specially decorated. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent service, nice pool","Nice rooms, excellent service, nice bar and good bar food. Really enjoyed the leisure pool. Only real criticism slightly mean with shower gel etc.  Good value if you are looking for a base rather than just a room for the night.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Pretty Good - Service at breakfast needs improvement,"Hotel is pretty good. Breakfast in the restaurant was good, but the service was not compared to other EU Hiltons. I’m a diamond member and you can order a la carte from the menu as a part of breakfast, which is great. After being shown to our table, most of the time there was no one to get our drink order or a la carte order. We would wait for a few minutes before usually flagging a staff member who seems to be in charge of our section. Only in one morning (out of 5) did someone ask us right away what we would like. Refills for coffee also required having to flag down staff, which makes it feel like you are interrupting them as they clean plates instead of feeling like they are there to help serve you. It was just very different compared to how other EU Hiltons serve and seemed…",Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton at its best,"This is my second stay while traveling through Europe. This is an excellent hotel with great staff. Check in was easy, front desk staff are very friendly and efficient. We stayed in a Jr club level suite that gives you access to breakfast , snacks and drinks through out the day. Rooms are a great size with modern touches. This a great hotel and would recommend.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Always enjoy my stay at he Hiton.,I always enjoy my time at the Hilton when I stay there. The staff are friendly and the room service in on point. The rooms are always clean and if I have an issue they try to solve it as soon as possible.,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great: Location, service and fit out ","Location is great: a few minutes from Tate Bankside and the river; a few minutes from the Jubilee line (so Westminster, green park, bond street, canary wharf). A few pubs and borough market not far.  Service was great, people were friendly and tried to help. I’d take the bar over the restaurant anytime though.  Rooms and hotel are new. Lots of plugs, clean, good bathroom/bed. I did have a view of a wall, so don’t expect stunning vistas but do expect a really comfortable modern hotel in a great area with great staff.  I’ve been going to Hiltons for years and for a Long time was a Diamond member but got a bit disenfranchised with the hotels and the brand, so moved on to other brands (lost my status). Honestly hotels like this make me want to come back. Highly recommend it for…",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"Check in was instant and friendly. Room was immaculate and I got upgraded as a diamond for a day member. The room had a fridge with free soft drinks, fruit and big walk in shower. The bed was comfy and the room was totally quiet.  The executive lounge is much better than others I’ve been too. In the evening they served buffet food and drinks including champagne and smoked salmon, prawns, quiche, sausage rolls and cheeses. It was stylish and peaceful. Hopefully this model can become the benchmark for other Hilton’s in London to aspire to. I’d happily pay full price for an executive room if I knew it could be this good across the Hilton London range.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brunch,"Went for the brunch meal this weekend with a large group of friends, food was excellent as was the service, staff very friendly and hotel was very clean and well presented. Would definitely consider staying here when in london.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay at Bankside,"This is a newer hotel located in a relatively quiet business district. Its proximity to the Tube, 7 min walk to Southwark station, makes it a great base to see all of London. The front desk and management was very professional and efficient. The breakfast offerings were excellent with many options to suit all tastes. Highly recommend the Executive lounge as it offers a host of benefits; among which is a Afternoon tea, and a nice selection of wine. I highly recommend this hotel whether for pleasure or business.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Happiness,"Wonderful two night stay in this well appointed and beautiful hotel located near to Tate Modern, five minute walk from Southwark Tube. Could not fault service all round, particularly food and beverages. Fantastic breakfast, great choices. Enjoyed the complementary wine and we will be back. ",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Yasmina’s exceptional customer service ,I stay in Hilton’s in London on a regular basis and the bankside location is one of my favourites. I’d like to especially thank Yasmina for her excellent customer service. I had an early check in and business meetings that I had to attend in the afternoon. Yasmina took my bags for me and when ready made sure they were in my room and text me when room was ready. Thanks Yasmina. ,Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Return Customer- Highly Satisfied,"Have been coming here for years, a beautiful and well maintained property and my favourite in London. The service on this occasion was five star. Yasmina, her manager, the gentlemen who helped with luggage and G at the bar went out of their way to accommodate a high maintenance request 😀 and make my stay enjoyable. That’s rare so they deserve recognition for the kindness, attention to details and care. Thank you all. I would return without a doubt.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Sanctuary in the Middle of London,"The Hilton Bankside is a wonderful retreat. The décor is modern but still feels warm and welcoming.  Reception was friendly and efficient. Porters are there to assist the minute you arrive.  We decided to upgrade to an executive room and it was worth it.  Rooms are large and include all kinds of extra snacks, sodas and water in the mini-fridge.  King bed was comfortable but could use better pillows.  They would go flat quickly.  Bathroom had a good shower.  This room included access to the lounge which is one of the best we have ever experienced with Hilton.  Food and drinks were excellent both in the morning and evening.  In the afternoon, tea and scones are offered as well.  The lobby also has a nice bar and restaurant.  Only disappointment was the knowledge of the staff when…",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"My family and I really had a great time there. The room was nice, comfortable, clean and warm. The breakfast is excellent with very friendly staffs. Afternoon tea and happy hour in the lounge was also great. Finally and most importantly, the front desk is very helpful and kind all the time. I will definitely be back in my next visit to London. 房間非常舒適寬敞，早餐餐廳餐點多樣化而且美味，行政酒廊的餐點也很棒！每天都不一樣。最重要的是，不論是前台或是餐廳的員工都非常樂於助人而且友善。我們享受了一個很棒又難忘的假期，下次我還是會選擇這裡，謝謝你們。",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Two consecutive Fridays, one business one leisure","Both times stayed in Executive room with lounge access which represents good value. Check in was friendly and swift. The complimentary mulled wine and small mince pie were welcome. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable.Good size bathroom, excellent shower and towels are soft (important). Always enjoy my stays here and it is my first choice when staying in London. Lounge offers a good range of food, especially in the evening with salmon and prawns. Wines are OK, inoffensive. Staff professional and courteous.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Execllent Hotel,"I stayed in Hilton Bankside in November 2019 and I have to say that everything: staff, food, service, ambience, facilities, cleanliness was exceptional and up to very high standard. Love the décor and the location of this place.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not as expected,"Not a family hotel, seemed more for business.  Not helpful in room allocation, although I booked early to secure a good room (connecting) but ended up with two rooms with a shared corridor. Was not convenient.   Beds are comfortable   Rooms are small  No views   Breakfast is ok ",Date of stay: November 2019,3.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside,"First time at this hotel and was very satisfied.  From the minute you walk in, Porter greets and actually assisted with information and directions, very amiable. Check in was fast.  Room was perfect.  Everyone at the hotel was professional and cordial. Staff at the Lounge were very courteous.  Will definitely come back.",Date of stay: December 2019,5.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,An excellent Hilton,One of the better Hilton properties in London and I have tried most! Not much recognition as a Gold member and never seem to get an upgrade but it’s a newish hotel with great size rooms lovely friendly staff and great breakfast. TV reception was terrible in our room 127 reported on check out so I am sure it will be sorted. Room service was delivered quickly and also of good quality.,Date of stay: December 2019,4.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,An excellent stay,"We only stayed one night, wish it had been longer.  For a London hotel a very nice sized room, very clean, and all the amenities one would expect from a Hilton. The staff were super friendly too.  Will definitely be back.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent! Superb service and very comfortable.,"Had a great night at the Hilton Bankside - stayed overnight and attended an awards event too.  Rooms were a good size, had everything you'd need, comfortable bed and great shower.  My only negative was the drinks at the bar were very expensive. Location is great in walking distance of the Tate Modern, Millenium bridge, St.Pauls etc.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The Best Hilton in London. ,"I’m a Hilton Gold member, and have stayed just under 60 nights this year alone in Hilton properties both in London, Europe, USA & Indonesia - this one is by far one of the very best, and absolutely the best one on offer in London. Hilton should use this as a model hotel to build others on.   Rooms are spotless and a good size, staff are exemplary, breakfast is fabulous, the pool is beautiful (if not a little cold), and the location couldn’t be better.   I took advantage of the concierge parking, for £40 an evening, which whilst is expensive (I don’t care what Hilton say, this is expensive), was convenient for my situation.   I’d absolutely stay here again, and I’d encourage anyone else looking at London Hilton’s to give this one a try. ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Our new fav in London,As Hilton Honors Diamond members we almost always stay at Hilton properties. This has become one of our favorites. We have stayed in at least 5 different London Hiltons and this is one of their best. The hotel and rooms are spotless. The staff is great. The location is good being within minutes of both Northern and Jubilee line underground stops. The Tate Modern and the Borough Market is close by as well. We will be back. ,Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,"Good location near the metro station , restrant and super market . The staff are wonderful , room clean . Brekfast was good . You feel that you are at your home . For sure i will back to this hotel agan when i am in London .",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"This is our 4th year at Hilton Bankside, we're Diamond and had to ask for a better room, but they accommodated us, everything was great.  Special shout out to Guest Relations Manager, Anthony Samms.  He went out of his way for us, I trust he would do this for any guest that needs assistance in any way.   Rooms are always clean, restaurants are good, excellent location.  We are loyal to the brand, this property doesn't disappoint.  For 10 years stayed at Hilton Tower Bridge, glad we switched to this property.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant staff,"Not only is this hotel beautiful!! But the staff were so helpful and friendly. Wanted to sort a surprise out for my husband and Angelo, Stefania & the concierge team couldn't have been more helpful in sorting this out for me. Thank you so much ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A bottomless brunch ,"Had a great time. Nice food, 2 hours of Prosecco , live music and great staff. Special  thanks to Vincent at Brunch and Giedrius at the bar! The hotel is lovely and the bar was lovely with great drinks.  ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Location for Walking to EVERYTHING ,"From this hotel I walked to; London Tower, Tower Bridge, Shard, Gherkin, Soho millennium bridge, London Bridge, St Paul's Cathedral, Coca Cola Eye, The Mall, Waterloo station and many other amazing Lonond sites. I didn't want to leave honestly.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Got engaged here,"Excellent hotel, clean good staff and even offered prosecco as we checked in  Good location and excellent breakfast   One downside was that the pool doesn’t have a sauna or steam room and the whirlpool bit isn’t heated more than pool",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Always a great stay,"As always staying at Hilton Bankside is a pleasure. Everything is as you would expect it to be with polite, helpful staff, comfortable rooms and good food. It is ideally located for either business or pleasure. Use of the Executive Lounge is ideal and Simona Dragut cannot do enough to ensure that you are properly looked after, she is a real credit to Hilton Hotels.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and great service ,"Lovely hotel with clean, spacious and comfortable rooms. Nice bathroom and excellent service. The breakfast was of a high standard and lots of choices. I would stay here again. Staff couldn’t do enough, customer service was excellent and room has slippers, robes and 2 small complimentary bottles of water. I didn’t see an in room safe. ",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Mr B W Andrews,"Warm welcoming and very friendly reception staff. Offered glass of Prosecco each on arrival . This was a nice touch. My wife and I have traveled extensively and stayed in some great hotels but this was right up there for style and comfort.Seamless check in. Room was beautiful and comfortable, complimentary bottles of water plus tea and coffee making facilities,  lovely hotel easy and convenient location. My wife and I are already planning our next stay.",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good choice but mind your distances,"Very Nice Hotel. Comfortable and spacious room, and all the equipment and necessities you could expect from a 5 star hotel. The only  caviat would be that except from the Tate Modern, it seems a little far from everywhere (about 1km walk more or less) so when it rains it can be somewhat uncomfortable to walk that distance.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"good service, very comfortable stay","Staffs were very nice. We requested an extra bed and they prepare a king size and very comfortable one. Also very good location, we went for a walk along the River Thames almost everyday. Indoor pool were very good too. Only a few more things to be perfect. Breakfast didn't change at all during our 5 days of stay. There was water leak from bathtub (the seal between bathtub and glass was not good enough) every time we had shower.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay and wonderful service!,"My colleague and I had a great business trip to the Hilton Bankside and we were thoroughly impressed by the accommodations and service. Our room was cozy and had great amenities, and the service provided by the staff was stellar. In particular, Alexsandar Kanev provided amazing service that really stood out. I highly recommend this hotel for it's quality in rooms and service, as well as its great location! Thank you for a great stay!",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"An absolute beaut of a hotel, staff are very friendly & cannot do enough for you. Great location. Great facilities. Bought my mum here for 2 nights for her birthday & we will definately be returning. A gem of a hotel",Date of stay: November 2019,5.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,happy to return,"We enjoyed this hotel so much in 2018 that we returned in 2019.  This is an excellent hotel in terms of service, location, or anything you could think of to measure it.  We arrived a couple of hours prior to check in and were fortunate enough to get an early check in.  The room was quite nice, as it had been in our previous stay.  I am not sure if I noted in 2018's review that a room card is necessary to use the elevators to the rooms, which gives an extra layer of security.  Breakfast was excellent each day.  The chef makes a fantastic omelette.  I highly recommend it.  There were always such pleasant people working to greet us in the hotel.  The Executive Lounge was also quite nice.  I stopped by for Afternoon Tea on one occasion and the scones were as great as I remembered. …",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another wonderful stay at the Hilton London Bankside hotel,"This was our 3rd stay at the Hilton London Bankside. We love the located in Southwark, right behind the Tate Modern and Southbank, Thames: walking distance to The Tate Modern, Millenium Bridge & St.Paul's Cathedral, Blackfriars and The Globe theatre.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Stay!,"Stayed here for 8 nights in the middle of October.  I was tagging along with my mother who was there for work in the Blue Fin building so it was chosen due to the location.  It was a lovely hotel with beautiful fresh flowers, great amenities, nice gym and a great location out of the hustle of downtown London.  Much more relaxed, which was appreciated with all the ""demonstrations"" going on.  Very nice bathroom and bedroom.  Loved the treats that housekeeping left a couple of afternoons. Very close to the Tate Modern and Borough Market.  Would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable stay,Attention to detail in this hotel is very evident. Rooms are fantastic and staff are very helpful and professional. Deluxe rooms are a good size and the hotel has plenty of open areas to sit and relax. Nice bar and restaurant.,Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Loved the Energy,"Our family of 4 stayed in the executive room for 2 nights. It is a modern hotel with nice decor and a very good executive lounge. Right next to the Tate Museum. Lots of places to eat nearby.   The room was spacious and modern. It was great to have two toilets for 4 of us. The couch bed was not quite comfortable as the lower part of the bed was sagging.   We also ordered room service one night and had some Asian inspired rice noodle dishes, which was almost inedible.....   The personnel was all friendly, smiley and eager to meet your every request. Excellent!  I would take two rooms next time as the couch bed was not comfortable and would skip the room service but other than that, I would highly recommend this Hilton!",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A Hilton Gem,"Not sure if there are better Hilton's in the Greater London area (I've tried most of them).  Fixtures and furnishings still felt new. Service was excellent. Very, Very, did I say Very comfortable bed with lovely high quality bedding   Breakfast buffet was very good and the wifi worked flawlessly.  Wouldn't hesitate to return.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,half term break,very good hotel overall.  southward tube station is close by.  lots of interesting places to visit in vicinity.  plenty of places to eat nearby.  hotel staff were friendly particularly the concierge and some of the staff in the executive lounge.  hotel rooms are spacious and clean.  our room looked in to a central courtyard so no view.  room was however quiet and temperature was good without using air conditioning.,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfection,"As a Hilton Diamond member, I've stayed at 100s of Hilton family hotels (including five other Hilton's in London) and this may be the best.  It's very modern and stylish with decent-sized rooms.  The staff is amazing and bent over backwards throughout our stay to consistently exceed expectations.  From the front desk, to guest relations, to restaurant staff, to executive lounge staff, to housekeeping - everyone was exceedingly friendly, helpful, and had an incredible attention to detail.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,5 star hotel. 3.5 star food,"Beautiful hotel. The nicest Hilton I’ve ever stayed in. Rooms are lovely. Huge comfy bed and bedding. Soft Towels. Robe. Proper hairdryer. Everything looked brand new. Staff excellent too. Didn’t have breakfast but did eat an evening meal and conference food. All Ok but way too salty and greasy for my taste.   V near to Tate modern, Borough Market. and the globe. ",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A perfect place to tour London,The place is absolutely suited to tour London. It is walking distance to historical sites and places. It is also a quick access to public transport like the tube and buses. The hotel itself  is well maintained and looks absolutely elegant and well furnished too If I may add. Breakfast is great with good choices of food. From the hotel we toured Boroughs Market which was a very interesting place with plenty of good buys. Definitely recommend the place...,Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with superb Executive Lounge,"We stayed in a one bed suite for 3 nights in October.  Room - very modern, perfectly clean and with all the nice bits you’d expect. Good inclusive mini bar too. Huge bed which was really comfy with crisp sheets. Lush.  Exec lounge - fantastic!  Great breakfast and eggs cooked to order too. Afternoon tea was lovely with warm scones. Evening snacks and free flowing wine/beer/bubbles/ spirits was a real treat. Simona Dragut looked after us so well - she’s a credit to the hotel.  Hotel - great location, right next to Tate and with loads to do all along the river.  Will definitely return. ",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel!,"Centrally located and modern hotel. We had a room with a very narrow and small window, it felt very claustrophobic. They were very nice and immediately switched our room to a larger and airier room. The buffet breakfast was terrific!!",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,the best Hilton ever,"Professional and kind staff--every single person we came in contact with was polite and helpful. Hotel was well staffed, clean, and nicely laid out. Food was great too. We will not stay anywhere else in London. It is the BEST!",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing ,"I’ve stayed at many Hilton’s in my time, but I have to say that the service I got here was the best.   My husband and I arrived at the hotel to be greeted by very friendly staff and a glass of champagne. We were then upgraded as a gesture of goodwill, which was very welcomed as it was my husband’s birthday.   The room was clean and spacious and the bathroom was gorgeous.   The locality of this hotel to where we needed to go was super.   Great hotel, great staff and an amazing bar. ",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Very helpful staff, felt very welcomed when we arrived. The hotel looks very good, very clean and cool. The restaurant and bar are on the expensive side, as you can expect as for hotel services. Rooms are very well equipped and the rooms excellent..",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely amazing hotel,"The hotel staff are all very polite, friendly and could not do enough for you. The hotel itself was very clean and and welcoming. The room we stayed in was clean, comfortable and everything we need for our stay. We opted for the valet parking and the concierge staff remembered our names, what car we had and nothing was ever a problem. We left our luggage in the boot as we got there around 9:30am (check in is at 3pm) and at 10:45am we got a text from the reception staff saying that our room was ready and our luggage was in our room waiting.   Definitely worth a stay here you will not be disappointed!",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top Choice for London Stay,"I chose this hotel based on a good long weekend rate.  While it might not seem as central as other hotels, the location turned out to be very workable… it's a short walk to either a tube station or two train stations for exploring the city and beyond.  The area around the hotel seems to be up and coming, with some good restaurant choices nearby and small variety stores for picking up snacks and drinks.  After a five-night stay, I can say that the room had every amenity you could want and the service from hotel staff was excellent.  I was amazed at the size of the room, compared to the last shoe box size room I had in London.  There was a king size bed, which was incredibly comfortable with high end linens, a desk and long table and still plenty of room for suitcases and walking…",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Modern, Pricey and luxerious in great location","Great hotel, very nice room, super service and fantastic location, central to everything.   There is a nice pub on the block, Tesco experess and 5 other restaurants nearby.   Got the rate that includes breaksfast, very good breakfast, everything from cook to order eggs/omletts and pancakes and tons of fresh fruit, great health options too!    My only complaint is that you can not get coffee before 6:30AM when the restaurant opens and you can not get your own ice.   Very annoying that I have to call room service to get ice, for todays world, this is not acceptable anymore.  The hotel bar does have 100 different gins, but I would go to the Charlotte and get a real double for half the price.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay in Bankside,"Traveled to London several times, but this was the first time we stayed in the Bankside/South Bank area.  The hotel had a modern touch, was well-kept and the staff were very friendly and attentive.  The room was clean and bed very comfortable.  Big window let in a lot of light.  Location is tucked away on a quieter street, yet only a couple blocks from the bustling bankside shops and restaurants.  Would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Strikes the Right Balance - Cost, Value, Luxury, Location","When planning this trip I had a heck of a time trying to decide where to stay - soooo many great name brand hotels and most are over in another area of town. When I really took a look at the prices and what a small room I would get - I decided to take a chance on this Hilton.  For less money than the other hotels, I was able to have a room 2x the size, breakfast/afternoon tea/evening cocktails included. Quality of the room, the food, service - outstanding.  Location - although not right in the middle of it all - I was able to easily access all via the Tube. Very manageable with an Oyster card.  Child friendly location - swimming pool, even received a lovely fox stuffed animal :)",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Location Location Location,"Hilton Bankside one of the best Hiltons i've ever stayed at.  Top notch from start to finish, location, value, property and staff.  Way to go Bankside, and one of the best included breakfasts i've ever had in a Hilton.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another great stay at my favourite Hilton in London,"As a Hilton Honors member I have stayed at lots of the Hilton properties across London and the Bankside is my favourite. The staff are really friendly from The GM James to Vlad at the bar. The hotel is in a good location by the Tate Modern and a nice walk across the Millennium Footbridge to St Pauls. Rooms are nice, bathrooms are excellent with really large showers and there are leisure facilities with a pool. Although the executive lounge and bar are really good, there are lots of other dining options nearby. Good transport links from Blackfriars and Southwark stations.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fab hotel,"This was a gem of a hotel to stay in. We stayed club level and heartily recommend this option. Rooms were spacious and well furnished. Beds very comfy. Staff helpful and location great, near to Borough Market and tube stop a 5 min walk away. Would definitely stay here again",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,value for money,The staff were very friendly. Breakfast was very good with a wide selection to choose from. The In-room dinning was served promptly as promised. i requested for vegetable salad to be added to the prawn cocktail and this was graciously done even though it wasn't that way in the menu. I was served by Alexsandar Kanev and he was very courteous and quite good face of HILTON. I will recommend this hotel without hesitation,Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Like home,"The best staff in London bar none. From the GM on down,they truly care about the people who come to stay in their hotel. The Executive Lounge is great, the room was great and the location is ideal. Trust me, you want to stay here when in London. ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Customer Service,"From Check-In to Check-Out, the service here was exemplary.  The concierge was very helpful.  Very good breakfast with a lot of offerings, of course starting with a full English Breakfast.  Custom egg orders.  Lots of selections.  Bar area was inviting.  Wait staff very friendly.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Just the best Hilton around,"I stay in Hiltons alot and have been a Diamond member for years. All Hiltons are of a good standard, but I can safely say this hotel round the back of Tate Modern is exceptional. Whether with Business or with the family it’s just great and has a lovely homely atmosphere.  There are too many members of staff to call out for exceptional service, but Ali who mans the egg station in the morning is worthy of a mention, a true gent and just the best at omlette chef ever. Have meant to write a review for years but never got around to it, the picture shows what prompted me. Like I said just a fantastic hotel, would thoroughly recommend. ",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,We had s great stay.,We had a great stay. The rooms were cozy and modern at the same time. Clean as expected. Service was great all over. They catered well for allergies and the executive lounge staff were amazing in all regards. We will be back for sure.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel!,"A top Hilton Hotel with amazing service, attention to details, food and location. You can walk everywhere and enjoy the city life of London.  The turn down service is bonus  and the staff was amazing.  Rooms are new, nice and modern.  Love the location near the river. Executive longe is the best one. ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,"We stayed here for a week and really have very few complaints. This is a wonderful hotel with attentive staff.  The executive lounge (and its staff) is remarkable.  Decent continental breakfast, and beverages throughout the day, and topped off with wine and cocktails and appetizers in the evening.  The hotel is located close enough to the river front to enjoy a leisurely stroll to Tate Modern or the Bankside Pier for transport, or to the many shops and restaurants located in that area.  There is a tube stop about a 5-8 minute walk (Southwark) from the hotel.  The millennium footbridge takes you right to St. Paul’s and it is an easy walk to Borough Market, Globe and the Shard.  We have been coming to London for over 20 years and have stayed in many different hotels and…",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton at London,"I’m a such Hilton fan and one of my favorite things when I visit a place is my stay at Hilton hotel . This time I choose Hilton Bankside for celebrating my birthday and I had marvelous time there! Great room and delicious breakfast! My special thanks for Jhiye, and the guest relation team - You’re made my day special and I’m very glad for it.  Best Hilton at London ever!",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel in a great location,"The hotel feels like it is brand new inside - it has a great feel to it, in the public areas and in the rooms.  As gold members, we were upgraded to an executive room with lounge access, which was a very pleasant surprise. Although the lounge food and drink selection wasn't overwhelming, it was a nice quiet spot to recharge before heading out in the evenings.  Location-wise, you are just a moment's walk to Tate Modern, the Millenium Bridge and all the other visitor attractions in that area - it's all very easy to walk to and around, and there are a number of restaurants and pubs within a few minutes walk.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,All hotels should be like this,"Had a weekend in London and stayed at this extra special hotel. Had a long drive to the hotel so decided to use their car park at the last minute and was greeted by an friendly doorman who happily parked my car, lovely receptionist checked us in with a smile and glass of champagne. Hotel rooms are large for London and very comfortable, breakfast is very good and the basement pool was lovely. It’s a great location near the Southbank and although not the cheapest place to stay is worth the money. Will be staying here again.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"excellent service, great food, beautiful accomodation","excellent service, great food, beautiful accomodation All the staff was helpful and we asked a lot of questions as it was our first visit to London.  There is a small grocery and a pub on the same block.  Two blocks to Tate Modern.  ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceptional find!,"This Hilton exceeded my expectations. I found it on Trip Advisor by searching traveler-ranked but was pleased to see it was rated even higher for value. Both ratings well deserved.   Room was extremely clean and cared for.  Really liked the layout across from the bed: frig, coffee set, drawer and chair under a long surface that could accommodate our suitcases, backpacks, etc.    Staff was consistently attentive throughout: front desk; concierge; Josh & Taighe and Jess at the bar. In the restaurant Alessi, Timo and Alvaro made us feel like treasured guests every meal. Breakfast was a good variety.   A block or two to the Tate Modern and the Millennium Bridge and two or three to the Southwark tube station.  I believe what we saved on this room versus others I considered more than…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Leisure and comfort,September 9-14 - checked in around noon but room not yet ready (was ready at around 230 pm).  Room was on 3rd floor quiet side of hotel away from elevator (as requested).  Room was incredible.  Interior room (so not much of a view but I did not mind).  Bedroom was a nice size with king bed and beautiful bathroom with dual shower heads (traditional and rain).  Room felt new and clean.    I had small issue with housekeeping not providing extra towels when requested with room cleaning each day.  Hilton honors breakfast amenity the hot food was not that great but the breakfast options were decent.  This hotel also has a pool.  The hotel is a little far from closest subway (about 10-15 minutes walking).  For the room I’d stay at this hotel again.  It’s a sanctuary after a long day of…,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,"This is a great hotel, not the cheapest price, but not bad value for London. Great location, easy access to the tube. Room good quality and very clean / new. Staff very customer focused and friendly and helpful. We had an evening meal in the restaurant that was very good, but pricey. We had breakfast at Starbucks opposite the Tate gallery, a 2 minute walk away - nicer surroundings, no que's and much better value and coffee!",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Gem of Hotel, Great Location for Tourists","Here is my review to Hilton about my stay:   I found this hotel by accident, using a online hotel service.  The price was right, discounted because I ordered months in advance.  After 3 weeks of touring Europe, this hotel was a DELIGHTFUL experience.  The greetings by multiple staff when we arrived was unexpected, and felt very sincre. ( We had been hiking in the Alps, and looked like scruffy Boomer back packers, boots and all.)  We loved the design and appointments of the hotel and our room.  The bathroom was exceptional, so nice that we photographed it for use in our next remodel.  The quality of the bed, linens etc were much enjoyed.   The big surprize was the hotels  proximity to the Tate Modern, Covent Gardens, Theatre,  etc. Your location is very walkable for tourists!  We…",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Good service; nice rooms.  Very comfortable.  Treated with respect.  Goes out of their way to help.  Close to tube transport.  near the Tate modern.  Food was good.  Complimentary water and slipper each night.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice Hilton with great service ,"This hotel is located just a short 10 minute walk from the south bank near to the Tate modern. It’s one of the best Hilton brand hotels I’ve stayed in. The service was impeccable, attentive but relaxed. Food and drink in the bar were reasonably priced and the hotel decor is really modern but warm. The rooms are very clean and light with extremely comfortable beds.  We really enjoyed our stay here and hope to visit again on a future visit.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday breakfast,"Lovely overnight stay, very comfy luxurious beds.  Staff very helpful with an early check in, service excellent. Breakfast really good. Enjoyed the pool and gym. Will definitely be back. A lovely treat and relax",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Loved the location, rooms were devine and pretty good service","We stayed at the Hilton London Bankside for 4 nights in early August. It was a fantastic stay and I would recommend this hotel.  Arriving from NZ we were pretty jet lagged, and the room was just bliss, it was modern, dark, with a super comfortable bed.  The bathroom was excellent and well appointed. The check in wasn't particularly warm and friendly, as the girl didn't speak English as her first language.  But we were given a glass of presecco which was a nice touch.  We ordered room service drinks and a meal one night, it was good, a little pricey and the staff member stayed for longer than perhaps necessary and was a little awkward as it was his first day. We could walk everywhere from here and loved that we could get to the Borough market by foot and the tube so easily. Very…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"First rate, modern Hilton, low-rise with good elevator service","Roughly halfway (8 minutes) between Southwark and Blackfriars Tube stops. Southwark has a more level route for suitcase rolling. Blackfriars is on a direct line to the Heathrow Express at Paddington Station, but that is over ten stops away. The cars on that line are spacious and air conditioned, and we got seats with our luggage, in the morning rush hour. The Southwark Tube station connects to Waterloo-East (not the same as Waterloo) National Rail, but where our independent Southeastern train daytrip to Sissinghurst Castle Garden (closest rail stop, Staplehurst, £19.95 pre-booked taxi to the garden.) made its first stop after we boarded at Waterloo Station. However, that Tube stop-Waterloo East connection involves the paid-Tube zone and is better avoided (by going outdoors) if…",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best Hilton I have stayed in - faultless!,Unfortunately we only stayed for 1 night - but I would like to thank all the excellent staff for our treatment. In particular Alessandra on reception who was so kind to us and was responsible for me getting a cake for my birthday - such a lovely surprise.  Everything about this hotel is first rate.   We stayed in an Executive Room which was superb with access to the Exec Lounge - the staff in there were so attentive in particular Dylan who couldn't do enough for us. The best Executive lounge we have been in. This is the first time we have stayed in this Hilton but it won't be the last.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top Level Service,My daughter and I stayed for 3 night in this hotel. Located just 200m from Tube station creates access to everywhere. All staff embraced that they need to provide high level of service and this creates an excellent stay. Last year we had very bad experience at London Hilton Metropole Hotel and moved the Bankside and left very happy. This year it is still the same it is exceptionally good. We stayed in a twin room (415) and I found bathtub height very high. We did not have any problem though some elderly people might find it very difficult. I hope other rooms are not the same.,Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,"Always helps to be upgraded to a suite   Great room (healthy mini bar was free and amused me, definitely no alcohol in it but still a perk)  Lots of space, separate dining/seating area, bathroom fab, huge shower and I mean Huge as was the whole space.  Executive lounge for breakfast was a real plus, usual Hilton Exec lounges are eggs bacon toast and yogurt. Not here, practically full breakfast options. Opted for Smoked salmon and eggs.  Also held a meeting in the lounge later, loads of space so private and good options for afternoon tea.  Room service and quality of food was great, far better options than most U.K. Hilton’s.  Management team at this hotel have it spot on.  I will definitely return.  ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hilton,"Stayed at the Hilton London Bankside for a fun long weekend stay. I've stayed at over 100 Hilton properties, and this is easily one of the best. Everything about the hotel was well done. All of the things that I look for in a hotel were satisfied by this property. Rooms were quiet, rooms had no smell, AC worked well, bed was comfortable (loved the duvet), shower was nice, staff was friendly, Hilton Honors diamond breakfast was incredible, and housekeeping with turn down service was nicely done. The executive lounge was the best Hilton lounge I've been to. Really liked the modern design of the rooms and the rest of the property. Would definitely stay again and would recommend to anyone. Thank you for a great stay!",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Bankside,"This hotel was top notch from start to finish. The general manager, James Clarke was welcoming and very focused on providing the best hospitality. The room was large and quite comfortable. The bathroom had every luxury. Coming off a cruise with small bathrooms, this bathroom was a bit of heaven. The staff and John the concierge were very accommodating. They were extremely helpful with everything from booking taxis, to restaurant recommendations to where to buy souvenirs for our grandchildren. We enjoyed the executive lounge for both breakfast and evening cocktails. The hotel is positioned in such a way that we were able to walk to all the sights of London. I highly recommend this hotel and will stay here again on any trip to London. Thanks to all at Hilton London Bankside.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Top notch hotel, excellent location","Stayed here on our 3 day visit to London, one of the best hotels we’ve ever visited! The location is convenient to all of London sites, the hotel staff was superb, so friendly and accommodating.  The breakfast and evening tapas/drinks were a great touch.  We’ll definitely return!",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, convenient and slightly quirky","Had a last-minute chance to spend a weekend in London and delighted that we chose the Hilton Bankside. I was upgraded on arrival and we enjoyed our stay with a very comfortable room, very welcoming staff and a great breakfast buffet. Only wish that we could have stayed a little longer to enjoy the facilities. it did seem that the staff in the restaurant on the Sunday morning were overworked but that did not spoil our overall experience.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful location and excellent hotel,"My husband and I stayed at The Hilton Bankside recently and we were extremely impressed by both the location and the hotel. The hotel itself is aesthetically pleasing inside with tasteful decor. We were welcomed with a glass of champagne and as we are Hilton diamond members were upgraded to a deluxe room which was spacious and well planned, the bed was comfortable and the room was quiet. The executive lounge was very comfortable and inviting and served both afternoon tea and drinks and canapés in the evening which were of a very high standard. The staff in the lounge were friendly and courteous. The breakfast here was one of the best that we have experienced in the many Hilton hotels that we have stayed in with an a la carte menu alongside the usual breakfast items which was…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"Location  of this hotel is great - just few tube stops away from Bond Street. Hotel rooms are clean and spacious. I really liked the deco of the rooms. If you have enough time to have a long breakfast, have a breakfast at the hotel, it’s really worth it.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel for a London city trip,"The hotel is perfectly located for a city trip, in 15 minutes you can walk to St. Pauls, 6mins to the closest underground station.  The hotel itself has a very nice modern design, the rooms are well decorated, breakfast in OXBO is highly recommended. All in all a perfect stay, can't wait to return.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel - location perfect,"Stayed for 3 nights over a busy bank holiday weekend and the Hilton did not disappoint. Clean, modern rooms with all mod cons. Very quiet and no noise from outside. Front desk staff extremely helpful and friendly. Bar area was also nice and good terrace to sit outside and people watch. Location right opposite Tate Modern and 5 min walk to the river. Also 5-10 min walk from tube. Lots of cafes and bars around to choose from. Great hotel and stay, would definitely return.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely wonderful hotel,"Stayed here for two evenings and thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of our stay. From check-in to check-out the Front Desk staff was exceptional. We sat out on the side patio during happy hour and enjoyed a few glasses of wine while people watching.  A special shout-out to the concierge, John, who is an excellent resource to tap for information on what’s around; Tania at the Front Desk; Anna at the Distillery lounge; and Sam the bellhop.  The rooms are lovely and the hotel is located close to many great sites. Cannot recommend this hotel enough.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stop reading and book it!,"We are loving our stay here! The staff is extremely helpful. The breakfast and variety and quality of nearby restaurants is excellent. It is very nice to be near the Thames, Tate Modern, tube, St Paul’s and Globe. The hotel is modern, with a heated indoor pool and larger than usual rooms for London. Taxis and Uber’s are plentiful. There is no noise at night.   We will not bother looking elsewhere on our next trip here. ",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in london,"This hotel is amazing, from booking to checkout.  For a start this is the only Hilton I know of in London to enable the live chat.  Treatment of gold and diamond members is great, half price in the fantastic restaurant.  Got upgraded too so got club lounge access, it's the best club lounge in London.  Breakfast was great quality, not a huge choice but all quality.  Guest relations manager is great ( Chinese guy) and Paul the German restaurant supervisor was hopeful and nice to talk too.  Bed rooms very clean and modern.  The corridors are huge which gives the place a spacious feel.  I highly recommend this Hilton.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay,"We are just wrapping up our seven night stay at the Hilton Bankside. We had a wonderful stay. Our room was a deluxe king suite which came with executive lounge access.  We loved the main bathroom! Our room also came with a second very tiny half bathroom. We frequented the lounge during our stay. The lounge was well equipped with beverages. Food was okay. Since I am a Hilton Gold Member, we were entitled to free breakfast at the restaurant OXBO. Breakfast was very good. The hotel staff was superb. The pool is beautiful, and my husband was very happy with the gym. The only possible drawback to the hotel could be the location. If you like to step out of your hotel and be within quick walking distance of major attractions, this hotel may not be for you. For example, we walked from…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Real Gem,"This is a real find.  Quiet, spacious, well appointed rooms (interconnecting to the kids which was a bonus), top buffet breakfast and good service.  Walking distance to the loads of restaurants on the Southbank as well as Southwark and Blackfriars tubes.  Will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: September 2019,5.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great atay,Travelling as diamond members and had a fantastic stay! Great breakfasts and attentive service. Executive lounge can get busy but seems to have regular turnover you can swap seats easily. Good doorman service and quick to get taxis etc.. ,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The Best Breakfast ,"It’s a pleasure for us to come back every year. The breakfast is very nice. Thanks to Alessia, she welcomed us wonderfully. The rooms are silent and comfortable with a usb charger system for tablet and smartphone.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Executive Lounge Cocktails ,"Amazing cocktails from Adam - i can recommend highly the Tom Collins. A margarita next Monday please!  Hotel is great, best Hilton in London, in fact best Hilton I’ve stayed at (waaaay better than any in the US) ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A nice stay with just a few gripes.,"Smart hotel in a great location for the Tate and Borough Market.   Great service and the pool is really nice.   Very comfortable beds and breakfast was lovely and plentiful.  The food in the resturant (OXBO) was also of a very high standard (although quite pricey)  I booked using the Hilton App, I wasn't able to use the digital room key (which was disappointing).  A couple of gripes;   The toweling bathrobes were both frayed on the sleeves (I noticed most of the others around the pool were in a similar condition).   I wasn't allowed to take my dinner or drinks purchased from the in-house restaurant (OXBO) to my room.   I would stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Racist Blackface,Hilton London Bankside displayed racist artwork on our floor. I pointed it out to them and they took it down but claimed they had never noticed it. They had to research what blackface was because they “never heard of it”. The GM tried to relate by comparing the African American struggles around slavery to Irish persecution. The entire management team needs some sensitivity training!,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Gracious help in the executive lounge,I wanted to take a moment to mention how lovely the staff of the executive lounge was. Aleksandar always made a point to ask us how he could help. I also want to mention how helpful the staff was in the morning was. Whenever we popped in the staff was attentive to guests as well as to keeping the space well stocked. We visited over the August bank holiday weekend and it was quite hot out so I was grateful for the gracious reception. Well done Hilton Bankside!,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect !!!,"We stayed at the Hilton Bankside for one incredible week in a suite with Executive Lounge Access and it was phenomenal! This new smaller hotel is perfectly located in a quiet central part of London within walking distance of most attractions. Our room was top notch ! Top floor corner suite with amazing amenities. The staff is extraordinary throughout. Gym, lounge, bar & restaurant all had amazing service! Food was exceptional from fresh to order omelettes at buffet, afternoon tea, bar apps, cocktail hour and finally steak at the OXO . Thank YOU HILTON ❤️🙏 As a Hilton Honours Silver member ... This trip reminds me why I book HILTON ❤️DO IT !",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not the usual friendly greeting ,Checking in was not the friendliest welcome from a male on the check in. As a Dimond member normally get room upgrade sadly not here only second floor with no view apart from the other guests rooms so having to keep the curtains closed. Room was ok bathroom lovely. Lounge was nice not as much choice compared to other hotels with lounges. Although the afternoon tea was nice but the ham and mustard sandwich blew my head of with the amount of mustard. Breakfast was nice great selection and a friendly warm welcome from the staff. Location is good for the Tate but there are cheaper places don’t think I would stay again unless the price was right. ,Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Luxurious, clean hotel, great service, and friendly staff","I stayed for 5 nights at the beginning of August 2019. I believe I was upgraded to a better room than I have booked. The room was very spacious and the bathroom especially was awesome. The staff were really accommodating, especially Aleksandar went above and beyond with his attentiveness and service; I felt that he genuinely cared about my experience. The hotel itself is extremely close to Tate Modern, which was a plus for me, but besides that, one might have to travel a bit to get to where the action is in London, the only potential downside of the hotel. It was a great experience overall.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice Pool and Breakfast ,"We recently stayed in this hotel during our trip to UK.  It’s very comfortable and good service.  There were two things we liked about this hotel.  Its indoor swimming pool is of good size (rare in London) and with good facilities.  We very much enjoyed the pool during our stay.  Secondly its coffee shop, OXBO, provided good breakfast buffet.  Highly recommended.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel for a night in London, although a little chaotic","I've stayed at the London Bankside a couple of times now, most recently in July for a weekend break. The hotel itself is lovely, very modern and the rooms are impeccable.   Obviously it was the height of the summer season when we arrived, which is understandable, however at 3pm check in our room wasn't ready yet due to the hotel being full and rooms not being ready fast enough, which was disappointing as we had to get ready for an evening event.   We left our bags and went to explore the area as we were told to come back later. We then came back and checked in after an hour or so. They said they'd send our bags up but these never arrived so we went down to get them ourselves. While the hotel is very nice, I would have thought for the price (£220 for 1 night, not including…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton London bankside,"Really great time had in this lovely hotel. Staff were always extremely helpful, couldn't do enough. Rooms are spacious and the best bed I've slept in in a long time. Would stay here again for sure. Very convenient location also.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Travel break ,Having stayed at the Hilton Old Town Prague rather than head straight back to Malta a few days in London.  The hotel is still our favourite in the city and the executive lounge is still the best.  One problem where have the almond croissants gone one unhappy bunny (not me).  Otherwise impeccable as ever all the staff deserve praise their efforts make the stay!,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely vibe,"We stayed here for a birthday weekend trip to London. Very helpful staff (although there were some contradictions from them about restaurant meal and seating options etc). Interesting vegan meal choices for me - light and tasty 'works of art'. There's a fabulous vibe in the bar which is open to the public and had two hen-nights in attendance (but they were well-behaved). Again, very helpful and attentive staff. Very large comfortable bed and spacious double shower. I would have liked a mirror near to the hairdryer/socket and some brighter and warmer decor and picture(s) around - perhaps our room just needed a female touch :-) Disappointed that we were asked to leave the swimming pool after only a few minutes because the maintenance team wanted to 'add chemicals to the water' ...…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Looks just like the fabulous pictures online,I stayed here for my first trip to London in February and chose it because it was a Hilton and it was near the river.  The pictures online are true to life and my room was great. The bathroom is beautifully outfitted with all the latest fixtures and a shower to die for. My room was a really pleasant place to come back to to rest after walking around London all day. The pool and spa area also looks very high-end. The hotel's location is great - there are convenience stores and restaurants within 5 minutes in every direction. The tube is also a short 5-10 minute walk. The hotel is practically across the street from the Tate Modern and you can walk down to the river right to the Millennium Bridge with a great view of St. Paul's. I think the Southwark area is the place to be. It…,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside - excellent service as usual,"This is an excellent hotel and I try to stay here whenever I am in London. Can be a bit pricey sometimes, but generally my first preference hotel - great rooms, service, breakfast and my wife loves it!",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Always my first chouce,"I can not remember the amount of times I have stayed in this hotel, but I thought I would write another review after my first one 2 years ago. I recommend this hotel to all my friends and family as it is always welcoming. Even though it is not in a central location don’t be put off by this. The river is a few minutes walk from the hotel, right near the Tate and then use this is a starting point to wander along the river either towards the London Eye or just jump on the tube (again not difficult to get to a tube station) Front of house are always helpful, especially Jasmin who found us to give us our room key and made our stay special.  Concierge is always fab and looks after your bags and nothing is too much trouble. Guest relations are helpful and always willing to answer any…",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding service!,"I want to especially thank the manager, Jasmin, who helped us with a challenging situation.   Our overnight flight from the US was delayed by 24 hours so our original accommodations were no longer available.   We booked a room at the Hilton London Bankside at the last minute.   Our car service took us to the hotel at 7 am and we literally had nowhere else to go.   Our luggage did not make it on the second flight and we were exhausted.   In addition, we had an eight month old baby in our group.  We sat in the lobby because our room was not ready.   Jasmin was aware of our situation and directed us to the restaurant for breakfast and helped expedite the cleaning of our room so it was available sooner for us.   The crib for the baby was all setup and even had a toy!  As soon as we…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Lovely room, lovely breakfast, lovely pool, lovely staff","Great location, love this part of London near the Tate, Royal Festival Hall, National Theatre, etc - friendly and helpful staff, great breakfast, nice room, nice pool...will definitely stay here again. Wifi was patchy but didn't bother me enough to mention it.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect getaway,We stayed here for a night and it was honestly perfect. The room was so comfy as were the robes. The location was perfect only 5/10 minute walk to the train station and it was way to get around. The staff were extremely friendly ,Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great decoration,"The DoubleTree brand always tries to be fancy. Here the decoration really works, it felt very classy and contemporary. Rooms are comfy. Guest services were very helpful in resolving a booking issue. Wish the windows opened. ",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,It’s ok but too issues make it only a 3 star,"Let’s start with what went wrong, first at check in when we got to reception they couldn’t find our booking. Not finding a booking can happen but as we had paid for the previous night, on the previous night we phoned the hotel to tell them we couldn’t make it as our train was stuck and there was travel chaos due to a power outage affecting many trains, traffic lights etc (9th August 19). When they found our booking they couldn’t find us a room as we were counted as a no show, so bit of a wait then we got a room on the first floor, we asked if there was a room on a higher floor but nothing was available. The above wouldn’t have mattered but it felt like the staff were blaming us, despite them confirming the record of our call on the previous night. The room key didn’t work so had…",Date of stay: August 2019,3.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location,"The location is by far the best thing about this hotel when compared to others north of the river, being a five minute walk from a tube station on the Jubilee Line offering direct access to both City and Heathrow airports with one change. Not great if you have loads of cases though...  We were allocated a Deluxe room on the seventh floor with views over toward the Tate Gallery, the note / balloons / cake in recognition of a Birthday were greatly appreciated. The rooms are comfortable and well appointed but as before housekeeping need a good shake, loads of dusty surfaces and constant banging of room doors at short intervals as they close behind staff - even on a Sunday morning.  The Executive Lounge has slipped a wee bit, afternoon tea items being recycled into the evening offer…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great service ,"It’s a very beautiful boutique hotel, I’ve stayed 20 nights in a one bedroom deluxe suite with lounge access , in the beginning there were some mistakes but they solved them all.  The location is great, it’s a walking distance from beautiful restaurants, Borough market, the shard , London eye and the river Thames.  The service is perfect and all there staff from the smallest position to the highest management are so nice, friendly and professional.  I recommend the hotel to all my friends and family.  I’m sure I’ll come back again.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Loved This Hotel,"Hilton Bankside is a homerun. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite, which was spacious with plenty of room for 2 adults and 2 kids. The sofa bed is very spacious. The suite has 2 tvs and 1 large full bathroom with tub and separate shower and another small wc with toilet and sink. The living room has a nice table/chairs, separate work area and sofa with 2 chairs and cocktail table. Really very spacious. Very nice to have a second toilet when traveling with family. The hotel is new and very clean. A/C works very well. The few snacks and drinks in the mini bar are all free. The design of the hotel is one of the best parts. It's modern, but warm. Our suite included the executive lounge, which is very nice especially if you arrive early in the morning as we…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"This hotel has an excellent location whether you want to walk the bridges or take public transport. Our room on the 6th floor was quiet, whistle clean and comfortable. Staff are on top of their game...and friendly!",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,So nice hotel,"Nice location, brand new hotel, cool restaurant It is just 5 min to the train staion and Tate modern on foot!!  Staffs are very friendly and competent.  The room was so clean, comportable and big enough.  ",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Family friendly hotel,"We stayed here as a valentine's treat, but lack of a babysitter meant bringing our toddler with us! We were very impressed with the facilities for families. Our son had a proper cot instead of a travel one and the height off the ground was more what he's used to , ensuring a better sleep for him and us. He also had a little welcome pack which included his own mini bathrobe and some rubber ducks which we brought to the pool. The hotel location is perfect for getting around London easily and we loved the style and feel of the hotel. Fully planning on booking in again soon. Possibly for our tenth wedding anniversary next month",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Excellent stay --- beautiful quiet room, comfortable bed, in a great location with easy access to transport and walking distance to London Tower, City and Temple.  Breakfast buffet was a bit limited if you have gluten and dairy free dietary requirements.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic hotel, highly recommend!","Just had a wonderful 4-night stay at this awesome hotel! Beautiful hotel, chic and comfortable rooms, great location, efficient and friendly staff- loved everything about this place... Well done and thank you so much- we had a lovely visit and will see you next time!",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel & service. Worth every penny.,"Very good hotel naar the city center. Our room was very spacious, modern and nicely cleaned.  The staff is really friendly and always willing to help. Breakfast was superb, especially the good service from Alessia is something we won't forget. We recommend this hotel to everybody that plans to visits Londen.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Stay & Service,"It is very clear to see why this property has earned the ""Certificate of Excellence""......the property, location, staff, rooms, restaurants and amenities are all stellar!!!!  I traveled to the UK to celebrate my brother's 30th birthday and had an absolutely amazing stay at the Hilton London Bankside. The hotel is within walking distance of Borough Market, The Shard, Tower Bridge, etc. which was very nice and convenient.  In addition, I had several interactions with various staff members; each being patient, professional and accommodating.  Specifically, I had a few questions which were all promptly answered by Reservation Agent Dylan Hieu, Front Desk Receptionist Daniele, was also very profession and resourceful with a few last minute requests that I had and finally, Guest…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Offsite meeting,"Very modern and stylish hotel used for our offsite meeting.   Super efficient staff  - nothing was too much trouble.   Food served during our meeting was varied and delicious, catering for all food types.   Would recommend.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Definitely a cut above most other Hilton properties,"Really classy new hotel. Stylish and super friendly staff. Great rooms, dining etc. Nice location. Close to the action but tucked away. So quiet. The bed was very comfy and a really nice double shower.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing,We were very impressed from the moment we entered this Hilton property. Very modern and clean. The rooms are spacious and well designed. Great service! The executive lounge is amazing. Simona provides excellent service with a smile. We will be back for sure!,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Service,"I’d booked the hotel due to its location on the South Bank as an anniversary visit. We rarely visit this side of The Thames and it made a pleasant change. The hotel is perfectly situated for strolls up and down the embankment, fabulous 1st class service and lovely presentation. We were offered complementary Prosecco and were extremely happy to have delivered a surprise anniversary piece of cake 🤗 After a good nights sleep, we were delighted with the range of breakfast goods on offer. We left our bags for collection after more exploring during the day. Definitely be back, we are swimming things too!!",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great service shame about the breakfast,"We stayed for a 2 night theatre trip, check in was good with a glass of fizz (very nice touch) All front of house staff were very customer focused. The room was very clean and very comfortable. Only let down was breakfast,service very hit and miss both mornings. Tinned mushrooms really! Great location. Would i stay again yes.",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Bankside - OMG,"One of the best.  We come to London quite often and never stayed near Southbank but it was fabulous.  Close to the Tube, Tate Modern, the Shard and Borough Market.  Ate in the Executive lounge and the breakfast room.  The rooms were large by London standards and five star bathrooms.  The big standout here are the well trained people.  The concierges, bell staff and everyone else we encountered were friendly and informative.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,We will definitely be repeat customers!,"Our family stayed here for two nights in a family suite. We are all in love with this hotel. Our family suite was two adjoining rooms, which gave us plenty of room and two bathrooms. The room was clean and well appointed. Our room was so quiet as well!  The hotel is very family friendly - upon check in, our youngest was told about the fox find around the public spaces. Kids who find all 31 foxes get a special treat!  Staff was helpful!  Our room wasn’t ready upon our early arrival, so they not only stored our luggage, but delivered it directly to our room before we returned.   The location was also great. Close to so much, yet not right in the middle of all the city commotion. There’s a Tesco and Sainsbury’s next door, as well as a Costa Coffee. We walked to many things,…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Confirmed: The Best Hilton in London,"In my opinion, obviously. And having been a Diamond Honors member and stayed at multiple Hilton properties in London I have to say this is by far the best.   It's new, clean and centrally located. We had a standard king room and by London standards even this room was far more spacious than I had anticipated.   The design of the hotel and the room is gorgeous. And to make it even better, it has some of the largest bathrooms in London as well.  Service was also the best we've experienced at a London Hilton. Melania on front desk was just delightful and went out of her way to get us a room despite the fact we checked in early, and made the whole arrival experience wonderful. Every time we ventured through the hotel we were greeted by staff; housekeeping, engineers, concierge, and…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Our favorite in London,"We stayed here again.  We stayed 2 non-consecutive nights in order to get credit for 2 stays to maintain Diamond status!  We had a basic room this time both nights because the hotel was full so our upgrade was minimal.  We did get a tub the 2nd night due to our request when checking out the first time.  Also, we got late check-out until 3 pm but actually left just after 1 pm as we did not need the extra time.  The lounge was great as always.  They now have an all female staff in the lounge although one of the managers one evening was male.  Still the same with enough to make a dinner to avoid having to go out and spend money.  Drinks available for 2 1/2 hours with hors d'ouevres for the first 2 hours.  We always do breakfast in the restaurant and are always treated very well.  I…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Our new favorite in London,"During a 3 wk trip combining business and leisure in May, we stayed here twice...at the beginning and end of our travels.  Although we usually stay at the Mondrian Sea Containers, we wanted to try something new this time, and aside from one rough patch, we were delighted with this decision.   Details follow:  Property & location - well situated in quiet Southbank, the hotel is an easy walk to restaurants, pubs, museums, sites, the Thames...virtually everything is reachable by foot. The building is very pretty inside, with clean lines and a sleek, modern feel.   Exec Lounge -  We enjoyed breakfast in the lounge daily and overall it was simply fantastic. Spacious,spotless, comfortable and well stocked with a wide assortment of food choices the lounge exceeded our expectations in…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Quiet, luxurious hotel that is great for families in a great location","Our family - 2 Grandparents, 2 parents, 2 kids ages 11 & 8 - went to London for 2 nights  and stayed at this hotel. In short, we had a fantastic experience. My husband and I had a family suite with our 2 kids and it was great - very comfortable, clean, quiet, and everyone slept well. The real bonus for our family was the hotel's executive lounge. I frankly didn't think we would use this amenity for more than just a couple of bottles of water every morning but we actually ate dinner there both nights - relaxed atmosphere and plenty of food! A special thanks to Simona in the lounge who, together with her team, went out of their way to make sure our children were looked after and didn't go hungry!! The location of this hotel is perfect, close to so many attractions and public…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,👏👏👏,My 3 days stay in this hotel was very commendable. The staff were so friendly and accommodating. My room was spacious and very conducive for relaxation. I will definitely come back the next time I visit London.,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"An excellent stay, the hotel is perfectly positioned for strolling along the Southbank with easy access to the underground and iconic landmarks. The staff were amazing, the room was well furnished and the bed and pillows were so comfortable. The breakfast was delicious with a huge choice to suit everyone. I would highly recommend staying at the Hilton Bankside and hope we can return soon.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Thais and the Staff Were Excellent.,"We arrived supremely jet-lagged after nearly 24 hours of travel. The executive lounge had a full spread of tea, sandwiches, treats, and very comfortable seating with tables, fireplace and t.v. We could not have chosen a better situation to greet us. Speaking of ""greetings,"" the staff here, especially Thais, were spectacular. They are very warm and welcoming, and provide every opportunity to assist you, including the daily ""bubbles"" offered after miles of trekking through London. Our room (a suite) was perfect, with ample room for the boys, and a door to allow the sleepy parents to nod off earlier. The furnishings are so relaxing and modern, and the beds were very comfortable. The location was excellent, as you can quickly get to the walkway along the Thames and to the Tate, The…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Friendly Staff, spacious rooms close to station","We had a wonderful family holiday, rooms were spacious and modern and the staff were friendly as well as accommodating. The breakfast has a large selection to choose from. It is located close to Southwalk station on the jubilee line. We will definitely be returning!",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Modern and very comfortable,Very impressed with this Hilton tucked away just around the corner from the Tate Modern. It’s quite new and the decor reflects that - chunky and modern. The bed was super comfortable and the shower very powerful. Minimalist decor with only a fox head as wall art! I thought the room didn’t have a dressing table mirror but then discovered there was one in the hair dryer box - clever. I didn’t eat there or use the facilities but I will definitely return to do that. One small niggle - the mini bar was quite noisy (only soft drinks in it). I would have switched it off but the plug was concealed. Managed to get a good sleep regardless!,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Still very new looking in decor!,"Good location or Tate Modern, Borough Market, Golden Hind and more. We stayed in and Executive Room with access to Executive Lounge. The staff in the Executive Lounge worked hard to keep everyone happy, cleaning,tidying, wonderful nibbles and drinks and breakfast was good for buffet. Unfortunately we had really poor sleep due to bed quality! Bathroom was excellent. Room was clean. Would have been wonderful to have somewhere to hang your coats in hallway of room! My charger broke while staying but the young concierge gentleman was very happy to assist. Scored 3 due to restaurant experience - Considering the restaurant was extremely quiet very few tables taken the food was cold on arrival to the table. We didn’t send back but the fries and triple cut chips were disgusting, the…",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel next to The Globe,"Unassuming from the outside, really nice modern hotel on the inside.  Good size rooms, well appointed and very comfy beds & pillows.  Reception and lobby staff welcoming and attentive, only tried restaurant for breakfast but great choice of food, well cooked and well presented.  Cocktail bar very popular in evening with corporate groups, but OK nontheless.  Only downside was the designer tea cups which didn't have handles, so impossible to pick up until the tea was too cold to drink!  Form over function, alas, but in the end a waiter found a mug from the breakfast kitchen, so sorted eventually.  A small negative in a very positive overall experience.   Great location for The Globe, Tate Modern, and the footbridge over to St Pauls but without the traffic - seriously worth…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Modern Hotel,"We stay at Hilton Hotels and became members due to the comfort of the beds, pillows and the warm welcome you receive.  In particular this Hilton Hotel struggles with staff morale. They all seem as though they don’t want to be there.  The hotel is only 2 years old so it’s modern and clean.  The breakfast is standard.  I would give the club room a miss. It’s not your usual Hilton club longe where there are sandwiches, hot food , nibbles and deserts. The bar mainly consists of soft drinks and a couple of nibbles.  We found the hotel to be a bit far from the main shopping strip Oxford St. ",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Value and location for family stay:),"As a family of four accommodations can get pricey in big cities. Hilton bankside has a deluxe 1 bedroom- which allowed our kids to sleep in their own twin beds separately from us ( sliding door) There was also an extra toilet room ( albeit very small) additional to the main bathroom which was much appreciated.  Room very clean, bathroom with many amenities and shower plus bath, air conditioning worked super well ( we happened to be there the day London hit 95 degrees Fahrenheit) and quiet room on first floor)   Location was great too. We ended up walking to all the major sites ( tower bridge, London eye, borough market, Shakespeare globe), so we can’t comment on the metro. Some of the restaurants we went to and Buckingham palace were a little far, but then we just used Uber. …",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton hotel,"The room service at the Hilton London Bankside Hotel has very nice food. The workers at the Hilton are  helpful especially the waiter for room service (Alexsandra Kaner).He is very kind, caring, and smart. The executive lounge truly has great food and beverages. My family and I can’t wait to come back!",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, but reception staff needs (more) training.","Nice modern hotel, with good rooms and beds. Excellent bathroom. However, the reception staff needs some training in customer relations. We are Hilton Gold Members, but the reception was a little stand-offish. It could have been a case of adequate language skills, since most of the staff is foreign, but on the two occasions we approached the staff the contact was not very friendly, but rather cold. We were told this Hilton is not related to the other Hiltons in London, so were treated as strangers. No usual upgrade as loyal customers. Despite the fact that the hotel is nice, I don't think we will return again. Not the usual Hilton hospitality.",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Right choice!,"The Hilton London Bankside is a hidden gem. What was memorable for us, was the sweet aroma, in the lobby and the gorgeous.flowers. . The rooms are are modern, clean and calming.  Hilton London Bankside  is centrally located to many other  locations. The staff was courteous and helpful. There is a bar to socialize, and a separate restaurant where you will find the atmosphere has a nice twist and  tasty food.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great events location,"The Hotel was hosting an awards ceremony that we were attending, therefore we had booked accomadation mainly for convenience. I was very pleasantly surprised at the efficiency of check in and check out, especially as we had 9 rooms booked. They made the process very easy to put everything on one account. This has not always been the case for other hotels in the past. The rooms were also very good and everyone commented on the great nights sleep and the comfy beds. The Ballroom where the event was held was also great and coming in to look over the room was amazing.  ",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Summer weekend ,"First visit to this property.  Though as a diamond member used to hilton brand. Felt very welcomed & service thought out was excellent.  All staff were very attentive. Room was ok not much of upgrade as hotel was busy. No sauna but pool was good size & relaxing. Lounge had lovely feel & loved the overal style of hotel. Breakfast was very good , loved the pancakes. Location was central & handy for Blackfriars,  i will certainly be back.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overpriced. ,"We stayed last night for my husbands 30th. Room amazing and good location (short walk to Southwark station)   As we were checking in the guest in front of us was offered free breakfast, complimentary mini bar and lots of others perks - we checked in and were offered nothing!   Having paid nearly £200 for one night - we expected that to include breakfast. Such a shame as we would have stayed again if this was included as couldn’t fault much else. ",Date of stay: July 2019,3.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"A short visit to London for my fiancee’s birthday, this hotel was in a great location, had spacious, clean rooms, provided a great breakfast & lounge area (we had an exec room with lounge access) and a very nice pool (maybe slightly cold).  The spa and gym were just average but ‘done the job’.  Lots of fun decorations up as we visited at Xmas.  Staff were always helpful and polite.  Overall, it was excellent.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One bedroom suite ,"I’m not sure if these perks are because I booked the suite but the executive lounge is a great way to save some serious money in London. It includes free breakfast every morning and you can order pancakes and omelettes. Didn’t know that till about the second day.   There is even free alcohol in the lounge between 5:30-8pm. With some snacks and others, it’s possible to make that dinner!  The pool was great and we used that 3 times.   Only issue with the hotel is that it’s far from soho where everything is!  Close to Padella for pasta and borough market but that’s about it. Kinda out of the way so you pay for it with cab fares. ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Customer Service,We arrived after 15 hpurs of travel and the experience has been wonderful. From the bellhop to the frint desk team to the RoomServixe manager Corina and our service attendant Alevsandae Kamer totally went beyond expectations to make our first experience heree in London comfortable. They went down the street to find the beverage of choice for my daughter and I and their chef was so accommodating to address my food allergies which are complex. Rooms are well appointed with a contemporary feel and cleaned very well... my IG handle is Ms Particular so you get it. Great location for those who like to walk a little. very excited for the rest of our stay here.,Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great place","Authough only staying for one night, I found the hotel was exceptional. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the room was very nice and stylish. In my opinion the best feature of the hotel was the amazing staff, especially Alexander who delivered items to my room always with a smile on his face and  was very friendly and helpful. I would love to thank him and all the staff who made my stay so fantastic.",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,good location good hotel,I like to stay in different areas of London every time I visit and this time I opted for the other side of the river...great convenient location..good choice.  Hotel.room comfortable(dont expect a view)..appreciated the very friendly staff.Only had breakfast at the hotel -choices more than adequate..nice ambiance.,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Our favorite hotel ,This is the best hotel we’ve ever stayed at. We’ve stayed here numerous times and there has never been a time that it didn’t feel like home. Especially thankful for Juan Vasquez in the dining room and Andrei in the bar. Spectacular service! ,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great Service, great people","My stay at Hilton Bankside was great. I was served by Mr. Juan Vasquez who was very professional and he provided best service experience. Everyone was very friendly and welcoming, doing their best to provide best standard service.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Stay at Central London Hotel,"Fantastic stay at this central London hotel, from the moment we checked in, to the very courteous reception team, the complimentary glass of Prosecco, and to cap off the initial welcome, the lovely upgrade due to being a member of the really good Hilton loyalty scheme.  Room was 1st class, in the evening went to the Club lounge, first class service, canapés and drinks well received, a very relaxing lounge, quite and well organised, a credit to the members of staff on duty who were kept very busy throughout the eraly evening  Then supper in the main restaurant, a revelation, good food, (steak was EXCELLANT), really good service and above all, value for money  Breakfast - the piece de resistance, the Egg Florentine, cooked to order, had it on both days, would probably go back just…",Date of stay: July 2019,5.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding ,"I often stay at Hilton for work and this is by far one of the best I have ever stayed at. I thought it must be brand new but it was built in 2015. Very tastefully decorated. Very welcoming staff. Superb choice of cold and hot items at Breakfast in the OXBO restaurant. I enjoyed freshly prepared waffles two days running. One morning I popped down to Breakfast and put the “Refresh my room” sign out. When I returned 30 minutes later my room had been cleaned. Large bathroom which has speakers so you can still hear the TV. I also really enjoyed the swimming pool (it was one of the reasons I picked this over another Hilton) and the gym looked good to. Excellent location, just behind the Tate Modern and only 5 minutes walk to Southwark tube station (and about 12 minutes to London…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great discovery,"Situated in a nice district, not too far from City ceter , this hotel is highly confortable. Very modern, it keeps charm of old taverns in his restaurant with nice décoration of old time. Good service everywhere. A very pleasant stay dit tout the buste of touristic par ces.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great contemporary hotel in London,"After staying at many Hilton properties, this is one of my favorites.  Not too big, but it has great restaurants and Executive Lounge. The staff here is excellent, especially in the Executive Lounge. It’s about 2 blocks from the Southwark Underground Station and close to Waterloo Station, perfect for a few days before a cruise from Southampton (10 pounds by taxi).  Highly recommended for a stay in London.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good service and nice location,"This is a typical Hilton, with good service and friendly staff. Location not central or near touristic attractions, but only a few blocks away from metro station and a 5 min walk from Blackfriars Brige.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Clean room, good amenity, and friendly staff","Stayed here for the first night of my week long trip. If comparing with the other Hilton property I stayed after this (the other one is located closer to my business trip venue), this one is much better maintained (which implies good management), got good facilities (both gym and pool onsite), friendly service, clean and spacious room. ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,We love the Hilton at Bankside...,"There is nothing we can fault with this particular Hilton. It is our second stay here although we have stayed in Brighton and Bath Hilton’s too.   This is head and shoulders above the other two. The staff are brilliant, friendly and endlessly helpful. The bar was great and the breakfast simply the best.   But the best thing about the Hilton Bankside is the beds. They are simply the best we have slept in anywhere in the world. We were so impressed we’re thinking about buying one for our home. We had the best and most comfortable sleep in a long time.   We will be back for sure! 😊",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,perfect rooms,"My friend & I stayed at this Hilton location for 1 night, for the tail end of our summer euro trip. It was the perfect location to finish at. After spending 10 days hopping the greek isles, we needed a stay in a fully appointed room. The room was beautiful and comfortable. We LOVED the down comforters, and want them for ourselves at home. My only complaint is that the wifi could only be used by 1 device which was really weird- especially since we were 2 people from out of the country and both needed wifi.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Solid Hilton in Good Location,One of the Hilton’s best hotels in central London. All staff were helpful and competent and hotel seemed very new and clean with nice decor. Also enjoyed the bar area which has a decent Happy Hour. Recommend and would stay again.,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Experience,"Our stay was wonderful, the hotel beautiful and clean and the staff was really helpful. Especially that young man in reception - Panos, made sure our check-in was smooth and explained all the benefits. Alexandros and Giota from Oxbo helped us choose something for our special occasion and we couldn't be more grateful. More hotels should take an example from this Hilton and these employees! We'll definitely come back soon!",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Superb location, great staff ","We really enjoyed our stay at Bankside. The hotel is beautiful and location just great - breakfast was amazing although a bit pricey, there are actually lots of nice places for breakfast around the area. Our only downside was that we got a disabled-friendly room (which we hadn’t booked and were not notified at check-in), I’m sure it’s great if you need it but for us all the safety gear (alarm strings and such) were a little odd. Not sure if that was the reason why there was no wall or curtain in the shower which meant that the whole bathroom got wet. Anyhow, a very positive experience and super friendly staff especially at breakfast! And great views! ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Week at the Hilton London Bankside,I had a wonderful stay at the Hilton London Bankside. The staff was very polite and helpful. In particular the people who brought me my breakfast were great and made my stay very pleasant. Room was clean and modern. The bar made great drinks and the food was very nice.,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Aleksandar was Great ! Super friendly and efficient!,"We had a wonderful stay at Hilton Bankside! I stayed with my Aunty and uncle and everything from service to food was great. The suite was clean and spacious.   Aleksansar in particular was very polite , professional and considerate. You’d be lucky to him serve you! ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best hotel in Europe,"This hotel does everything right. Warm and friendly staff, clean and comfortable rooms and a great location makes this the best place to stay in London. Price represented good value compared to other alternatives. ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel,Great hotel not far from the tube station. Friendly efficient staff. We started our honeymoon here and they gave us a little surprise dessert in the room to mark the special occasion. Room was beautiful with a great view of the Shard. We would definitely stay here again. ,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great stay,"This was our second stay and we were made to feel especially welcome.  Hilton Bankside exceeds in hospitality, generosity and comfort, other hotels weave stayed in, sometimes at a higher price.  The staff are their greatest asset  ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"We really couldn't fault this place. Perfect in every way. We had originally booked the Waldorf Hilton but after our terrible experience there we decided to book this hotel instead. From the moment we arrived at Hilton Bankside, they made us feel special and everything was very efficient. There are 4-5 check in desks, which is a great idea so it didn't take long. The room was big, modern, clean and we loved the fantastic shower! Overseas guests may not be familiar with this part of town but it has recently had a face lift and there are plenty of fab bars, cafes and restaurants nearby. We are so happy we have somewhere to stay next time we are in London because we will be booking this hotel again for sure!",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Outstanding Service, excellent location","6 night stay with husband on vacation.  Staff provided high level of service with a smile, too many to remember all their names.  Carla in reception wonderful giving us ideas of what to do and in general conversation about UK culture. Adolfo and executive lounge staff treated us with warm hospitality and great attention. Excellent amenities in executive lounge. Coffee machine makes the full variety of coffee drinks (espresso, Americano, cappuccino, latte, etc) with fresh ground regular or decaf coffee beans.  Real treat for a coffee lover who must limit caffeine intake for health reasons as most other hotels only offer packets of disgusting instant decaf coffee.  Stayed in standard deluxe room on the 4th floor without much of a view which seems to be the case for many/most rooms…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Disappointed guest,"This is my second stay at the hotel this year. Stayed in Jan and June, in March stayed in Marriott Canary Wharf. I’ve decided to return to Hilton BANKSIDE for few reasons. 1. Efficient and friendly staff 2. One of the best lounge staff 3. Very comfortable room 4. Great location to my meetings in central London and Canary Wharf as well as access to various areas for great food  I don’t usually write too many comments, but I will make one for BANKSIDE. Might be bit picky, but I stay in many hotels around the world and can’t help to compare my experiences.   Pros: 1. Great friendly lounge staff(Elizabeth was great) 2. Still love the location and access to metro. 3. Comfortable room(one bdm layout was not my favorite, but still bed was very comfortable with 1.5 bathroom was very…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"We enjoyed our 3 night stay at this Hilton. It has a great location near metro stations and various tourist attractions. Ubers and taxis can easily find as well. Note: if you plan to take a cab from Heathrow, it’s about $100. An Uber to Gatwick is also about $100 (at 6am).   Beautiful lobby with several people willing to assist at a moments notice. Checkin was pretty easy.   I think we had a standard room. Good size bed for 2 adults. Nice size bathroom. Only knocks were the lack of drawer space (relies heavily on space in a closet) and the hair dryer provided had a 3 prong plug while the bathroom outlet was 2 prong. Not major deals. Shower had great pressure and bathroom counter had a good amount of space.   The breakfast buffet was excellent. Plenty of options for all diets (or…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful staff and service!,"In this hotel we were part of the executive lounge which had breakfast, tea time, and lounge time/ dinner . There were three specific staff members that reallt out do themselves! They were: Elisabet Alcazar, Silvia Bude, and Adolfo Quevedo. All three of them were very welcoming and sweet plus had excellent customer service! They were very attentive to our needs and concerned about our well beings. They went out of their way to make my brother a whole new meal just because he couldn’t eat what was being served because of an allergy. They all made us feel at home with their wonderful attitude towards us and their desire to work. This made the perfect London experience!",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Location for the Shard and Borough Market,We had two very comfortable nights in an executive room and must say that the staff were all very friendly and helpful.  The location was perfect for the area we wanted to visit and we were able to walk to most destinations.  The executive lounge was really well staffed and we found our stay at this Hilton a very positive experience.,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Mixologist at the Distillery Bar,While at the Hilton London Bankside if you enjoy a properly made cocktail you must visit the Distillery Bar and ask for Augusto Stach. Augusto is a mixologist who will present you with a fabulous version of any cocktail you enjoy. He can take a simple drink like the Old Fashion and take to a new level. His martinis are some of the best I have ever had.  Please do yourself a favor and check out Augusto at the Distillery Bar.,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London Vacation,"We stayed six nights at the Hilton Bankside and had a great time.  The location was a nice surprise, a little different feel from the other areas we’ve stayed in London but very nice.    The executive lounge was great, big thanks to Silvia who helped us every night and was always very polite and attentive for us.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous ,"We stayed for only one night but everything was great. We had an executive room which was clean, spacious and comfortable. Upon arrival at check-in the lady explained about the perks of having the executive room to us which was helpful especially knowing that the bits in the mini fridge was all complementary and use of the lounge was included too. The lounge was amazing it was serving afternoon tea which we really enjoyed and all drinks were included! The pool is a reasonably good size and a good temperature and was very quiet, the jacuzzi is joined to the pool so it's a bit cold for a jacuzzi which was a shame. The duvet was a bit heavy for the time of year but the air conditioning can be turned down to help with that. Breakfast was beautiful well laid out and a great variety…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,No surprise - which is also a good thing ! ,"Travelled thee for work - they had to accommodate large group, and they do know how to handle it Ideally located if you have business at Bankside...   Not much of a surprise ... pleasant, clean and spacious rooms Buffet-type breakfast with some nice choice of eggs, pancakes etc ... Pricey ... but very decent professional trips hotel  ",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"We booked a weekend away in London and wasn't sure where to stay. There is so many areas and so many hotels to choose from. We'd never stayed around Southwark and Bankside and the area looked nice, suited our needs and then we found a few hotels that we could stay out. In the end i opted for the Hilton.  Reviews and photos of the hotel looked great. It was an easy walk from Southwark tube station too, and a short walk to Bankside.  Our trip involved arriving early in London, and leaving late, so i emailed the hotel who pleasantly promptly replied that this was not an issue. If our Room was ready in the morning then we could check in, if not we could leave our luggage with them.  We arrived at around 10:30am, and went to check in. It was early so we wasn't expecting our room to…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,great London value in excellent location,The lobby area was very inviting and nicely furnished. They have a really good restaurant onsite and bar as well. Staff were all very friendly and accomodating. Easy access on foot to many of the most important and famous sites of London. The room was modern and clean with very comfortable bed. Overall it hits the mark for Hilton standards and the value can't be beat.,Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A level of service rarely experienced!,"A rather tardy review but the excellent service received across the board at the Bankside Hilton during our stay in March has stuck in my mind. A special mention must go to the bar manager ( sorry I have forgotten his name) but he was great with us as guests and had a great team of warm and motivated staff!! Fantastic cocktails too! Room was amazing,  a great size for Central London, and bed so very comfortable! Will most definitely stay again!",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great stay,"Lovely room, food and staff. Nice and clean. Modern tasteful decor. The bed was so comfortable it was like sleeping on a cloud ! Was given an upgrade to executive lounge for joining the Hilton honours programme which was a lovely surprise. The breakfast was nice and had a varied menu. I was also offered a free glass of Prosecco on arrival !",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Very friendly staff, great location, modern yet warm. A good basecamp in London for stressy business trips. Once again worth to mention: staff is extremely helpful and a special mention for Kire (OXBO resto) for his friendliness and help.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in a Great Location,"My wife and I spent our wedding anniversary here. On arrival we were offered champagne at check-in and our room was available immediately. The hotel is modern (only three years old),   contemporary and features the 'Bankside Fox' throughout. The room was spacious with comfortable seating and bedding. The bathroom was large and had a very large walk-in shower.  The staff at this hotel are amazing, no grumpy faces here, all smiles and cheery. The guys who run the bar know how to entertain and above all mix the perfect cocktail. Top marks all round. We normally stay at the Park Lane, but I think we'll be switching to Bankside from now on",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,If only every Hilton was this nice,Well this is what a Hilton should be like. The staff was helpful and the maid service was actually excellent. The showers are new and the breakfast selection was great. I never had an issue with noise and the rooms feel cozy with in room tea and cookies for coming 'home' in the afternoon. There are few rooms with a view but the hotel is still worth it and is easy to get to via train or underground. ,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location and service,"My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights.  The location is excellent, near the Tube plus close to many restaurants and stores including the Borough Market.  We had a King Executive room and were able to use the lounge on the main floor for breakfast and afternoon snacks and spirits.  The food was self-serve with a good variety of items - and kept spotlessly clean by the lounge staff.  Coffee, bottles of water and soda was available at all times.  Having the lounge to escape to at the end of the day was very nice - consider booking an Executive room for this perk.  Our room was large and quiet (we asked for a room away from the lifts) but had no view.  The walls were a dark paneling and the closets were a little small - one closet had shelving in the absence of drawers…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A satisfied stay.,"Our stay was for 7 nights and with a rather complicated booking, it was broken down to 6 separated booking.  I was very happy Hilton Bankside able to connect the bookings together and we able to stay in one room thru out.  Front desk was helpful, we arrived early and was able to rest in the executive lounge area till our room got ready.  Room is good size, free minibar, nice comfy beds.  We had breakfast in the lounge everyday and for several days we utilized the open bar there in the evening too, service was great.  ",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,We stayed here last sunday evening.  We booked a standard room but decided to upgrade on checkin into a deluxe room including executive lounge access for a nominal amount.  Our room wasn't ready so they gave us a glass of prosecco while we waited.  This is a very busy hotel and reception was rather busy with lots of people checking in.  We were shown to the executive lounge as we had to wait a little longer.  The executive lounge at this Hilton is fantastic.  Lovely lounge with friendly service.  Afternoon tea served from 3pm was cakes and sandwiches with tea.  Quite a good offering.   The evening service was from 5.30 and offer lots of alcoholic drinks including Cava and some canapes. The room was big and comfortable with a nice view of the Shard.  Great aircon and comfortable…,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service Hilton Bankside,Can’t fault this Hilton. I am always well looked after by the The Front Desk and Concierge. The team provide an faultless service.   The rooms are furnished and cleaned to a high standard and the breakfast variety and quality is excellent.,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,AMAZING!!,Family trip to London and the Hilton Bankside was perfect!  Great Location! Incredible staff! We arrived early in the morning from a long flight and they went out of their way to ensure that they get a room ready for us and they did. The concierge staff was very helpful.  The management and staff at the Distillery Bar were very nice. Special shout out to Adolfo at the Executive Lounge! My family and I appreciated everything especially the dessert tray which was a an incredible treat. Highly Recommend this Hotel.,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,This time I am staying somewhere else,"I have stayed at this hotel for 3 nights each in September 2018, December 2018, and February 2019 (9 nights total). As a Hilton Diamond Member each time I inquired about an upgrade I always received an excuse such as they have one but it won’t be ready for several hours, or they have one for tomorrow night but not tonight should I wish to move rooms. The deluxe room is a joke in that they offer you a “free mini bar” inclusive of some off brand cola and one or two other beverage. The first time it wasn’t stocked leading me to learn that the deluxe room is the same as the regular one in all aspects except the 3 bottles. The rooms either face a wall of other rooms or a wall yet I have had staff tell me the deluxe room has an upgraded view. Room service on several occasions wasn’t…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A very rare case of perfection,"We arrived at the hotel and received a very warm reception and were also very impressed with the surroundings.  The check-in was very smooth and we were generally impressed with the decor and cleanliness throughout the hotel.  The room was impressive, with every little detail thought through, and the little things like the bed turning down service were outstanding.  The location was perfect for exploring the South Bank and many other areas.  Overall outstanding.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic clean and modern hotel in central London,"I've stayed at this Hilton a couple of times now, I've not been disappointed so far.  - Friendly and helpful staff - Modern hotel - Really comfortable bed and bedding - Clean - Great bar and restaurant - Good gym and pool facilities  This particular property is a really superb example of the Hilton brand, as a honors member I would suggest this property be used as a model for other London Hilton hotels that are in much need of updating.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Truly not blown away. Staff need educating,"So trip advisors, I normally don’t leave a review unless I’ve been in a property at least twice but on this occasion, I felt I needed to.  I’m a Hilton honour diamond member however I always put my review as another banded member. I see hotels from all ways.   Prior to arrival, I had phoned the hotel to see if there was a paid upgrade available as the Hilton app simply kept showing none available yet I knew, there was higher room grades available. The reservations manager for Hilton Bankside was very rude, mislead Hilton guest services and closed down my complaint against her, even though I didn’t consider the matter closed which is simply ludicrous behaviour.    On the day of arrival, I simply wanted to proceed to my room so I did an app check in for digital key. To my…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent service, friendly people!","We stayed for 3 nights at the Hilton Bankside. The hotel is excellent, nice rooms, good food and great service. Especially the breakfast buffet is impressive. Thanks especially to Alessia, Dylan and Timo for their nice and friendly nature and the good care! The praise is also true for almost all colleagues. Marion and Dieter",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very Nice,"Very nice visit an stay at the Hilton Hotel.  The rooms are perfect and very clean, so ist the place of the location, very near to everything what you need in London, Borough market, Tower Bridge, Tube, aso.!  We can recommand ist very much!  And a very nice hotel Bar!!!",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great weekend break,"This is a lovely hotel, minutes walk from Southwark Tube station, Borough Market and The Tate Modern. The staff were very helpful and assisted with any queries I had. The room was very comfortable with a fantastic shower and the turn down service each evening was nice touch. The bar makes fantastic cocktails and has a great happy hour offer! Will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great experience ,Have stayed in many hotels in London but reckon this is the best so far. Rooms very well appointed and the service was very welcoming and attentive. Usual eye watering prices for breakfast but luckily it was included in our deal and I must say it was exceptional; no rubber bullet scrambled eggs here! I’d come back everytime,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,fantastic short stay,"great hotel well located. Well located for the globe, borough market, tate modern and lots of restaurants, bars and cafes. The staff at the hotel were extremely helpful, very friendly and professional.  They went out of their way to help us. The bar is lovely serves some great cocktails and has a great happy hour deal. I would not hesitate to stay again",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Customer Service ,"We had a lovely stay at the Hilton London Bankside .  The staff couldn’t have been more helpful .  They swooped on us the moment we entered the foyer and took our heavy bags . As we had arrived about an hour before check in time they stored them away securely and then brought them up to our room .  The housekeeping service was efficient and they would check that you had enough supplies and gave additional water on request .  The location was superb . Walking distance to London Bridge , Borough Market , River Thames, London Eye and the Tate Modern.  Tower of London was about an hour away on foot.  Overall we had a lovely first visit to London and enjoyed our stay .",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay in London,"This is the second time my wife and I stayed at the Hilton Bankside. It is in a great location. It is a 5 minute walk from the Southwark tube. The staff is friendly and helpful. They have turndown service in the evening. As a diamond Hilton Honors member we had access to the executive lounge where they have breakfast in the morning, tea in the afternoon and cocktails in the evening. We are going to be back in London at the end of August and I expect we will stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,So much to praise,"From the moment we arrived you knew it would be a fantastic stay, and we were not mistaken.  There is room for improvement but I really enjoyed the stay and Bankside London Hilton will now be my first choice Hotel when I stay in London.  We used valet parking, which was so easy but the spaces are limited and you cannot reserve.  We simply pulled up, our bags were unloaded for us and the car driven away to be parked.  After what is often a stressful drive through London the use of Valet parking is a stressfree zone.  We were allocated our rooms and our bags were delivered to our rooms seamlessly delivered without knowing they were even there.    We had used Hilton Honors points for the rooms, and allocation can sometimes be questionable but not here the rooms were lovely and we…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Premier, High Quality Aesthetics and Overall Great Service - But Room for Improvement","Upon arriving to Hilton Bankside I was greeted and assisted by the doorman. I was directed to the check in counter and helped quite promptly and professionally. My first impression of the place was ""Wow!"" This place has an awesome look to it inside. Very unique, very elegant, very detailed, very classy. I was upgraded to a room with free (non-alcoholic) drinks from the minifridge with my Gold status. Pleasant surprise given my full day so far of travels.  The first thing I needed after a 5 hour train ride from Edinburgh was a drink. So I proceeded to the bar (The Distillery). There I was served very quickly and professionally by the bar staff. They poored me a great Gin drink (they have 100 different gins here - so of course I chose Hendricks). I asked if walking to Buckingham…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Perfectly Located, Perfect Staff","Very proper with a doorman to assist you in and out of the hotel.  Concierge services were spot on.  They were able to place us in our room well before the 3:00 check in time, which allowed us to begin our exploring early.  The concierge also assisted us to getting to our train on the last day.  Also they have a great happy hour in the bar in the hotel.  Do not miss it!!",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A hip Hilton in London,"We loved our stay at the Hilton Bankside. Our room was big and comfortable, the location is perfect and the decor in the hotel is modern and hip. A big shout out goes to the staff who made our stay very special. We were very impressed.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Very good hotel, but check your bill at checkout","Pros:  Stayed 4 nights recently, the room was spacious, very clean and well serviced by housekeeping.  The bed was very comfortable with lovely linens.  Water was replenished each day along with biscuits which were yummy.  Our room was not available when we arrived at 1pm but we expected that on a busy Saturday.  When we returned from a visit to the nearby Tate Modern our luggage had already been delivered to our room. There are lots of accessible usb ports for charging your phone and the blackout drapes did a fantastic job of keeping all light out of the room.  Cons:  My only complaint is that when I checked out, the rate charged to me was higher than the rate I originally booked (and verified at check in).  I showed my email confirmation to the checkout employee but she told…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay!,"My wife and I had an excellent stay, room was lovely and very clean. Staff all very polite and service was excellent. Great location for what we needed. Wish we could have stayed longer! Would 100% use the hotel again! ",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,First stay at this hotel,"As soon as I entered this new hilton hotel I was struck by the efficient but very pleasant staff/atmoshphere.  Room very comfy, excellent breakfast choice.  What did strick me was that every memeber of staff  from the front door, receptionist, bar staff, breaksfast room staff, housekeeping staff were exceptionally helpful.  I will certainly be using this hotel again and very happy to recommend it. ",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,like sleeping in a cloud,"Possibly the comfiest hotel bed I've ever slept in.  Nice quiet room, lovely shower and toiletries after a very long and difficult day in London.  Very friendly helpful reception staff.  I didn't use any of the facilities or restaurants but overall looked really good with a nice pool.  Only negative (and it was very small) was that my room hairdryer sounded and smelt like it was about to explode at any time and I was a little worried about setting off the smoke alarms if it did.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Spacious rooms in a new, chic hotel in a great London neighborhood","The Hilton Bankside has king sized beds, a walk-in rain shower, and a convenient location in the Borough Market neighborhood. These things are rare in central London hotels. The Distillery bar is open and spacious and has 100 types of gin as well as other libations and snacks. I highly recommend this hotel -- especially if you are a loyal Hilton customers and/or doing business in the financial district.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Mostly Plus, a couple of Minus","Checking in was great. I believe it was Cristina who was extremely helpful. Room was very clean and servicing of it was excellent. Everything we needed. Couple of minus- whatever they have decided to use as a fragrance infuser(?) in the lobby is overpowering and irritating. Breakfast- the host and hostess were terrific, the waitstaff was awful. Always seemed to be running around looking busy, but not attentive to serving coffee or replenishing it. The hosts were doing most of that job. We did notice Gabriele on the last day who was very good.  That said, those 2 minor things would not discourage us from staying again. It is in a great location.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Anniversary Treat,"Loved this hotel, it definitely has the wow factor.  Upon check in offered a glass of fizz which is when they got our first brownie points, but then the main winning factor was the turn down service even for the standard rooms (slippers by the bed with a bottle of water).  Spa/pool was lovely and clean and rooms a good size for London.  My only, very small gripe, was that it was our anniversary and I had asked for a nice room, but although the room was nice we over looked a wooden thing so had no view.  The hotel did however leave us out a treat and we had quite a bit of stuff to do outside the hotel so it wasn’t worth asking to move.  ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely facility and nice location for walking to sites,The building has been nicely updated- area is great for walking to most attractions- Front desk and concierge was exceptional- dining room Had good food selection  Area was quiet with small Store next door for any needed items,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel - one slight niggle!,"Stayed here for one night and check in was quick and efficient. Room was spacious with everything you would expect. Had a drink in the bar - and normally in 5 star hotels this comes with peanuts, pretzels, olives, or whatever. Not a huge pile, just something to nibble on. My wife asked at the bar and we were eventually given a small bowl of tasteless popcorn. Room service was quick and the food was hot and well prepared. The following morning the pool was a little busy but not for long. It is large enough for a proper swim and a refreshing start to the day. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Beautiful interior design, comfy rooms and very good breakfast with great selection for all (even gluten free bread etc.)  They have gym and pool as well. A bit pricey, but def a good choice when in the city.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Trendy and Fun hotel ,I love this hotel! Been here many times and had a great time! It’s located right next to the Tate modern and walks along the river towards the southbank and towards tower bridge are really nice! The Globe theatre is minutes away and tons of restaurants!   The hotel is great! Clean modern rooms! Very handsome concierge!!! Generous executive longe! Gym is well equipped! The hote bar have a great selection of gin and tonics!!! ,Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Trendy hotel, best suited for young travellers","Location Bankside is buzzing, especially for young people. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Southwark tube station and 10 minutes from Bankside Thames clipper pier. There are lots of restaurants in the area, a small Sainsburys and Tesco Extra on its doorstep and an M&S food hall about 500m away.   Check-in and out/Concierge/Doormen The two female check-in staff were efficient, albeit not warm and friendly. The doormen and concierge are excellent and will go out of their way to help guests.  Foyer/Bar/Restaurant The decor is modern and slightly 'industrial'. The foyer is a very busy area. When we stayed, there were large groups of European and Asian tourists congregating. The hotel lacks a lounge for guests to sit in and relax (unless you have access to the Executive lounge, of…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent all round hotel ,"Our first stay at this particular Hilton, and it will certainly become a favourite of their London hotels for us. Staff very friendly from the outset, the rooms are of a high quality finish and ours was of good size for this part of London. One of the better Executive Lounges with excellent breakfast, afternoon tea and evening selections as well as general size and ambiance.  Another great plus is a good size swimming pool. All capped off with the ideal central location for events or activities in the East (02, ExCel) or shops and entertainment in the West End. ",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel delivering 5*luxury,"Wow what an amazing stay, from the minute you enter the lobby the opulence is there to greet you. The staff at this prestigious hotel cannot do enough to please the customer, from concierge, to the main reception to the cleaners that you meet in the corridors, they greet you with such politeness that is so often so missed in many other hotels. Thank you Hilton for making my stay such a pleasurable one, the rooms are very spacious, with quality luxury bedding and tv can be listened to in the bathroom through the bathroom speakers. I wouldn’t stay in any other hotel in London now after staying here. Why not spoil yourself if you are in the epicentre of London, only 3 mins walk from the tube, (Southwark tube from Waterloo: only 1 stop)straight across the street head down and take…",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Booked Hotel for my Partners Birthday, also day i decided to propose.","Hilton Bankside looks amazing amd is so confortable, all staff were fantastic. Thank you to Angelo for sorting out the room and makeing it extra special. Augusto Stach in the bar, made some of the best drinks i have ever had. I highly recommend his old Fashion, Whisky Sour and espresso martini. He gave us great service and exceptional drinks.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,“ Great place to stay in London “,"I had a three day visit with my relatives in London recently and I chose to stay at The Hilton London Bankside. It was a great choice because its an awesome hotel with a great staff that is very attentive to customer needs. I recommend it highly for your stay in London, it’s a very modern designed hotel with food to die for. It’s centrally located with easy access to most of London’s famous attractions, not to mention that the Tate Modern museum is right across the street. Stay there when in London, and like me you will be glad you did. Enough said.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel for business,"I stayed for business and found this hotel to be top notch. Check in and check out were quick and flawless. Staff were all polite and efficient. Housekeeping did a great job on the room including turning down the bed, putting on some music, setting out a bottle of water, etc. - really impressive. The room was modern, nicely furnished, with great towels and bathroom. The TV was great, and there were plenty of power outlets. This was basically a perfect stay. Well done! I will definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best stay in London,"This was my second time at this hotel, i had a great experience on my first visit so we decided to stay again in the same hotel when we visited London. This time we traveled with my brother and his wife. We booked 2 king rooms . Because of a very bad weather in London LHR airport was a lot of delays so we left from Amsterdam 2 hours later. And when we arrived traveling from airport to hotel we had a lot of traffic. Anyway when we arrived at the hotel at 2:30pm we felt exhausted from all that rough day so we couldn’t wait to be accommodated at least one of the rooms so we could had the opportunity to take a shower. The check in process was smooth but we were told that they didn’t had any available room at the moment so we had to wait till 3pm. So we decided to have a coffee next…",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Really enjoyable,"Amazing situation, just behind the tate modern and very near the Millenium Brigde. Lots of details as candy bar at the entrance, compliment water every day, compliment tea and coffee every day and the name of the person who cleans the room each day. So comfortable and nice rooms, personnel very very very nice, always looking for the wellbeing of the customers.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Quick business stay,We arrived last night and have been constantly well cared for by the team at the hotel. The room wasn’t ready on arrival but we were offered breakfast the next am and a drink. Both experiences were fantastic. Ali Asgar a chef cooked me up some eggs and hollandaise which were all perfectly cooked as was the rest of the buffet breakfast. The team in the restaurant also consistently looked after us. Hats off to the team at the Hilton Bankside. Probably one of the best hotel experiences for some time!,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,OXBO Brunch,"Diner at OXBO for bottomless brunch  Soooo much choice of food, a great selection, although the brunch was 12-4pm we were still being served prosessco Alexandru Stan was such a great person to service us, answered our questions and continued to fill up our glasses. We will definitely return x ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Very nice hotel, well located","We stayed six nights at the hotel, and the hotel had a really good location for a London holiday with walking distance to four underground stations and three piers. We tried the breakfast only one day, as we wanted to check out the local pub breakfast. But the breakfast was good, but the egg station was a bit hidden. The bar by the entrance was also nice, and it was a nice place to wind down in the evening.  The room we had was nice, all though the view was just a brick wall... The bathroom was fine for me but it was not for tall people - my boyfriend is 2 meter tall and he could not shower standing straight as the sealing mounted shower head was in the way. Staff was all kind and helpful!  ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent place to stay to visit London,The staff are pleasant and professional from the moment you arrive. We left our bags early in the day and returned to find them already in the room. Very comfortable bed   - which I have noticed this trip to the UK hasn’t always been the case at several of the places we have stayed. This hotel is well located to Southwark and London Bridge stations and the river walk. We didn’t eat here as there are so many good places nearby. I really enjoyed being able to have a swim during my stay. I would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best customer service,"The focus of the Hilton Bankside staff is to provide superior customer service to their guests.  They made this obvious before we even arrived at the hotel.  A reservation specialist contacted me by email to confirm our unusual reservation.  We reserved 3 rooms because we were traveling with our friends and their 2 teenagers.  She committed to do her best to assign adjoining rooms for the family and provided an email address for their team of concierges. We contacted the hotel when we changed our plans.  They made the addition of the fourth night easy. They were kind enough to offer the same rate as the previous 3 nights even though the price on the website was higher. A couple days prior to arrival, the front desk team reached out to us again.  We sorted out our arrival and…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel – would stay again,"We thoroughly enjoyed our two-night stay at Hilton Bankside.  The staff were very welcoming, kind and attentive. Thank you to you all, especially Timo (breakfast), Nadja (room maid) and the gentleman at reception. Our room was a great size, very quiet and really clean. The bed was extremely comfortable. The breakfast buffet was to die for, with two generous and skilled chefs on hand. The hotel is ideally situated. It's a mere two minutes' walk from Tate Modern (there are also several supermarkets close by). We can highly recommend Hilton Bankside and hope to return soon. R Butlin and R Claire, Edinburgh",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic place to stay,"This is a really fabulous hotel in a great location, nothing to fault here at all, it's totally perfect. The staff are very attentive, making you feel like you are the only one staying here, and the lovely touches make it a special stay. It's also very central for sightseeing.  I would recommend this hotel without any hesitation.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Clean and excellent service,"The hotel is excellent location ,staff is helpful,special thanks to Miss Chris yousif helped in check in procedure, We also asked for screw driver ,they immediately send the engineer to help ,Hotel is excellent for families,clean renovated ,spacious room.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"Just spent three great nights at Hilton Bankside and hope to return soon. Very impressed with everything, especially the friendly greetings and service from all staff.   It was a pleasure to meet Georgiana Moroz who had gone out of her way to make my booking , a birthday gift for my partner, perfect. Great communication and attention to detail.   The executive lounge is lovely but would be better if the staff knew which dishes were served and crucially which are vegetarian.   We hope to be back soon.  Thanks again Georgiana. ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Seminar on Hilton,"I attended a seminar in the specific hotel which was organized by a big company. Easy to access and the personnel friendly and ready to provide you with guidance for whatever you might need. The place where this venue took place was in minus one, but all facilities and electrical installations worked just right. Finger food , coffee and refreshments were provided during the breaks and were all at a very good standard. Out of curiosity I asked in the reception the respective price for one night stay at a standard room and it seemed reasonable according to my knowledge from the competition. ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday trip for 12 year olds,"This visit was booked as a birthday trip for our twin boys.  The hotel is fantastically located right behind Tate Modern, so lots of tourist destination are within a 30 min walk.  The hotel is very new, well designed with a great indoor pool.  The rooms are spacious (huge for central London!).  The service was excellent - this Hilton is a winner!!",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable bed and rooms,Large comfortable rooms.  Very narrow window offering limited light/view.  Executive lounge has very poor options for vegetarians. Nice pool but jacuzzi not working and no sauna nor steam room.  Help yourself chocolates and sweets for Easter was a lovely touch.  Also some fantastic flower arrangements in lobby.,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Value and Experience,Our family of 4 stayed 3 nights last weekend.  We had two adjoining rooms    They were both beautiful and clean.  It was close to a metro station as well.  We found the staff very pleasant and breakfast was wonderful with a lot of options on the buffet and an attentive staff.  We would not hesitate to stay here again.,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not for the first time and won't be the last,"Hilton bankside review  As many Hilton hotels i stayed in the past Hilton bankside was the best. We stayed for the first time back in 2017 so we decided to book family suite and give it a comprehensive review. The review will be divided to sections so you can go directly to the interested sections   Check in process  It's a busy hotel so i tried online check- in and activate phone key which was brilliant idea and smart where it detects your position and the nearest locked access if it's a room door, elevator or the lounge but eather it didn't work in the start and it's require another activation from the reception or I didn't know how to do it so came back to the reception waiting in the busy que.   Staff To cut it short the staff is the core for this hotel and the best in this…",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,5 Star experience at great value,"My Family and I spent 5 nights and the room and service at the Hilton Bankside was exceptional.  The location and the quality of the staff is second to none. A must book hotel for business or pleasure, very family friendly hotel. ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One night stay in a calm hotel,Stayed only for one night and again a lovely stay. The room is large and is blacked out for sleeping like a baby (ie all through the night). Very clean. Good quality linen. Very well located. Welcoming staff on entering.This time we had a longer check in than previously and on a slight disappointing note wasn't welcomed back as we usually are as a returning guest/silver member. Just an observation! I always like the seasonal decor in the lobby. This time the Easter Bunny,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,The hotel was very well appointed.  The staff were very helpful.  It was very clean very roomy and very well located for our trip to London.  It was within walking distance to great attractions.  The Underground was very close as well.,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect and relaxing,From the second I walked into the hotel I was amazed at how luxury and clean it was. I stayed for 2 nights and I had an amazing experience.   This hotel is a great quiet location in London (only a few minutes to the Tate modern) where you can easily travel around different places in London. There are lots of restaurants nearby which are good price and serve brilliant food.  I would like to thank Jay at the distillery bar for being an exceptional bartender when making our drinks and telling us the history of the hotel which was very interesting.  Thank you London Hilton Bankside for making our stay an amazing one and for all the staff which contributed to this!,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice new hotel,Great new hotel in a really good location. The staff were really welcoming and the service in the bar and restaurant was good too. The room was really well furnished with nice decor and I would definitely stay here again whether for business or leisure. The only thing that could be improved on in my view is the quality of the packaging or presentation of the toiletries in the bathroom. Didn’t match the quality of the room. ,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not the Hotel You Want,My second trip in 7 months to this hotel. It's a nice hotel for the most part but it's a little pricey for what you get.   This trip my room heat didn't work when we checked into the room and two days later we finally asked them to fix it.  One day later it then stopped working again. They then came and fidgeted with it and it worked and yep! You guessed it. It stopped working by morning.    I get things break. Sh** happens right?  We wouldn't have minded changing rooms if it wasn't for the fact that the engineer is telling guest relations it's our fault the heat doesn't work and guest relations is acting like it's kind of our fault we are moving rooms. Pretty sure they don’t grasp that spending more then an hour on a Friday to move rooms wasn’t what we wanted to do on a…,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My second time was as good as the first,You walk into an impressive lobby and are quickly helped by a knowledgeable and friendly staff. The rooms are well appointed and quiet for a good sleep. The Breakfast is a standout. Get a room with an outside window for more light. I was disappointed with the recognition of my Honors Gold status. But it will not stop me from returning. ,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,What’s not to love ,"Another Hilton Triumph my husband booked a weekend break for my birthday and as Londoners we wanted a location where we could walk to the all things we wanted to do.   The deluxe room felt just that with the ultra modern design and almost new feel I loved the added Touches with hidden panels for the fridge with complimentary drinks, the tea point with a great selection of choices and biscuits.  The staff were amazing and gave us complimentary glasses of Prosecco and excellent service. We had a wonderful stay!",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great location,"Choose the hotel not only for the great location, but also for having executive rooms with separate sleeping area and a living area with a sofa bed. Access to the lounge well worth the rate. Easy to walk to many attractions and easy access to the underground.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great service at Oxbo,Just a quick note to let people know that I received fantastic service from Florin in the Oxbo restaurant during my last visit. It was quiet and late so it would have been easy to just do the minimum but he certainly went above what was required to ensure I was take care off. Staff like that are invaluable. ,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,“Superb Hotel”,"Cannot fault this hotel, the staff couldn’t do enough for you, and were extremely pleasant at all times. The decor was fantastic, very contemporary, outstanding cleanliness, we wouldnt hesitate to stop here again.",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great facility, wonderful staff",I had a great stay. Upgraded to suite with free snacks and drinks in refrigerator. Beautiful flowery smell at hotel entrance. Great breakfast spread at the restaurant. Rooms clean and spacious. Enjoyed the club lounge. Thank you!,Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Loved....,"..everything about this hotel. Stayed for 10 nights and felt like home.  Staff was so welcoming and accommodating.  Customer service is of foremost importance to me when I travel and this hotel did not disappoint. I am diamond status so not sure if that is the reason for any of the ""perks"" but... rooms was tidied beautifully while we were out sightseeing.  Cookies were delivered every night. Staff called me by name.  Executive lounge staff was always offering to get things for me and went out of their way to get things for me that were not readily available (ie a sweet treat when sweets were not out).  John (concierge) and front desk staff George, Christina, Georgiana (may have spelled wrong) were very very helpful with my request. Housekeeping staff always pleasant when passed…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Night in London,"My wife and I had a work event and decided to spend the night in London and try this hotel, having previously stayed at the Conrad, using Honors points. What an amazing experience, from the check-in experience, friendliness of staff in Exec lounge, comfortable bed and amazingly quiet bedrooms - we had been given an upgrade and our room over looked a train line so was very nervous it was going to be noisy. My wife who is a VERY light sleeper didn’t hear a thing!  Despite it being cheaper and less points to use for a reward night, it certainly felt better value for money than other London Hilton hotels we have stayed in.  Great hotel all round and couldn’t recommend it more highly! ",Date of stay: April 2019,5.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Mr,Excellent place to stay and very central. Buffet breakfast one of the best i've had in any hotel. Staff very friendly and efficient.  Great pool and gym to start your day. I would recommend this hotel as a great place to stay.,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,10 out of 10,"This is a great hotel in a great neighbourhood. I stayed on business for 1 night and from the moment I arrived till the moment I checked out everything was perfect.  Friendly and helpful bell staff, check in was efficient, professional and very friendly. Room had all I need and more and was very stylish. Nice pool and gym on site.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton quality on Bankside,"your standard Hilton quality in the Bankside business neighbourhood, near tourist attractions such as Tate Modern, London Eye, etc. Easy to get to the City. Nice bar on ground floor. Standard business food.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent choice for business,"This is an Excellent choice for business accommodation. Very good service, quality breakfast and generally very good restaurants and convenient location. I would certainly recommend it for business travelers ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous ,"Wonderful hotel with exceptionally helpful and friendly staff. Room beautifully serviced with a personalised welcome note and treat. The facilities, including gym and pool, are exceptional. The hotel is convenient for transport links and local attractions. It is certainly one of the best in London ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,6 day stay: fantastic ,This property was fantastic to stay at. Located near many must see attractions that can be walked to or by using the Underground.  The service at this Hilton was impeccable and the rooms were very comfortable after a long day of touring. As a Hilton Gold Member there are significant benefits. Ask about these upon check in. The Distillery Bar and OXBO restaurant were pleasant surprises as well.   This property will be my home base again in London!,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,"This was our fourth stay at this hotel, the staff here are all excellent, the room was well serviced by housekeeping and always clean and fresh, the rooms are kept in very good order and as this hotel is only a few years old the condition is in very good modern condition. The facilities and restaurant are very good with a very good menu to suit all tastes, my favourite meal time is breakfast and this for me is always very good with all types of food available, my preference is the full English which is a good set up for the day, this hotel is a gem and is ideally placed to visit the theatres and London attractions and is located just  minutes from the Tate Modern as well as the Globe theatre, also close is the millennium foot bridge. This hotel is not to be missed.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing and perfect location!,"Everything is great from the perfect location (all key eaters of London are within easy reach) to the room design. Great executive lounge, pool and gym.  Staff is eager to help at all times! My go to place while in a London...",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Can’t go wrong with a stay at Bankside!,"Felt like a 5-star hotel without the pretentiousness that often comes with that status. Staff were attentive, friendly, and there to make the experience better. Breakfast is full English and outstanding quality & freshness. Rooms clean, spacious, and in very nice condition. Bed creaked a little, but we thought it was quite comfortable.  Location is sneakily excellent, for those not familiar with London. 3 minutes walk to Thames walkway, 10 minutes walk to Borough Market, 5 minutes walk to Blackfriars (Thameslink) & Southwark (tube) stations. Jogged (ran) along Thames River every day, crossing over at Waterloo, Millennium, Golden Jubilee, and Westminster bridges depending on distance or route I wanted.  Bar staff was superb (Vladimir in particular) and we enjoyed a few nightcaps…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Hotel OK, but had bad experience with bar/resturant staff over drinks","The hotel itself is good. However, my group didn't have any seating at the Bar so we asked if we could be order drinks and sit in the restaurant. We were allocated a table and then a member of staff moved us to another table and then another member of staff told us we couldn't sit at the table and had go back into the bar for standing room only.  Somehow it was like our fault and the staff were being real jobsworths.   Being a guest at the hotel and paying so much for a room I was really upset by the way we were treated. Don't think I will be coming back if this is the way we are treated.  Customer service rating: 1 out of 10.",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Modern Hilton - Top spot!,"Stayed here for 2 nights. Great room, clean and modern. Club lounge had a great breakfast and selection throughout the day. Pool was functional but clean and warm - great to have a pool at all in London! Would defo. Recommend.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great hotel!","The Hilton Bankside staff was extremely attentive and helpful. The room was modern, clean and comfortable. And the heated indoor pool was amazing everyday after sightseeing! The location is perfect - close to a tube station and a five minute walk to the south bank. Tate was also only a five minute walk. The breakfast each morning in the hotel restaurant was pretty good, but dinner was a bust. The service at dinner was slow and forgetful, and the menu lacking any staples or comfort. We loved everything about this hotel, but had to drop it to 4 stars due to the poor dinner experience we had in the restaurant. ",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Saturday night stay,"A fantastic hotel with very professional staff and a great location near the Tate and the river. We were in London for a 40th and used the Hilton Bankside for our stay over, if we were staying longer than one night we would’ve used the facilities a bit more ! The pool looked very inviting but alas we were short on time.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another great stay,"I have stayed at this property for the past two years.  All staff is extremely friendly, restaurant and bar is fantastic, and the exec lounge is superb. Check out the Foxes around the property.  Really cool.   I will be back in a few weeks.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Such a delight,"Absolute superstar of Hiltons in my opinion. This hotel gives you boutique hotel feeling, even thought it’s considerably big.  1. The area is so safe and lovely, the trainstation (London Bridge) is very near (10-15 min walk) and is about 30-40 min trainride away from Gatwick airport. So comfortable. 2. Our room was spacious, spotlessly clean at all times. I think it was cleaned two times a day?  3. Staff is so welcoming, helpful and friendly. 4. Kids friendly, but not too family centered. Good for couples, business stay and also suitable for families.  5. BREAKFAST- so delightful. Egg station was so good! Plus vegetarian options in the restaurant. 6. So stylish and has certain class and lovely feeling :)  It really was such a nice getaway to London, HWill be back very soon :)",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A very good Hilton.,"This Hilton puts many of the older properties to shame. Modern, comfortable and very clean. The room was a good size for London and very quiet. Had a really good nights sleep. Breakfast was very good with an excellent choice. No chance on this visit to use the pool but certainly will next time. All in all very impressive.",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Solid choice ,"A tasteful new build in a thriving part of town. Rooms are small-ish but functional with great linens and toiletries. Staff friendly and helpful. Certainly a good 4-star choice.   OxBo bar is fun and busy (although could do with more serving staff?) and food overall was great, although if you’re seated in the banquettes - it’s quite a stretch to the table! ",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Stayed here for a few nights over the weekend, as it’s not too far from Waterloo station, Southwick, London Bridge, and a few minute’s walk to the Tate Modern and Borough Market, so perfect location for what we wanted to do and go. Some really good places to eat nearby as well.  Upon entering was very surprised at how modern and stylish the hotel was, for a Hilton! Had a standard room, but the bed was huge and the room was really large for London. Beautiful bathroom. The room had all the facilities required, fridge, kettle, safe, aircon, and plugs by the bed. Wifi was good. Only grumbles were no view to speak of or much natural light, had to keep the curtains shut as you were looking straight into the other rooms. The bed wasn’t as comfortable as Id hoped, it just wasn’t to my…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,6 stars,As usual at bank side the staff will do any thing possible the satisfy any requests or to exceed ur expectation  Grate team work and hope they feel appreciated as they deserve without them the place have no life but the staff make u come Back again and again ,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Worst Hilton ever,The rooms barely have windows. The decor is hideous. The lights do not work.  The food is inedible. The staff is so incredibly rude and unhelpful. Will never stay at this property or another Hilton again. ,Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Really lovely experience with great staff ,"I stayed here with my daughter for 2 nights mid-Feb. We’ve visited London a lot and decided to stay at the Hilton Bankside due to its location. It’s set in a nice area, really close to the Tate Modern. The check in experience was great, and I managed to use their text service while travelling on the train to request early check in, which they quickly arranged. Our room was a 1 bedroom suite and was really nice. Comfortable bed, big bathroom and nice lounge area. It was also really quiet. We had access to the executive lounge, but the access times were the only thing that wasn’t made clear. So on the first evening we were too late for the inclusive drinks. However, Gergely Muller the staff member who was working in the lounge was really kind and ensured we were given a glass of…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Return visit and still as fabulous,"This is a gorgeous hotel, very clean and very stylish. We had the deluxe room and it was a good size. The bed is the best bed we have ever slept in so comfortable with high quality bedding. Overall a really nice hotel. We went in the bar both nights and great atmosphere.  We have stayed a twice now and would definitely return.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Miss,"Stopped here for happy hour which was advertising  on the board as  by 1 get 1 for 1p the advert showed glasses of cocktails!  however what the board outside doesn’t say is that it’s only for beers and wines!  Great warming atmospher with great modern decor , unfortunately with only 1 barman we had to wait 25 mins for our drinks!  Popped In The day after but was mindful about the happy hour advertising!",Date of stay: March 2019,4.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb Hotel,"Superb hotel. Modern, attractive hotel in a good location for the tube, Borough Market and Tate Modern. Staff were great and it appeared that there were loads of them! Nothing too much trouble. Pool and gym were immaculate. Good breakfast. Very comfortable bed. Would definetly recommend and will stay again.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,All-round positive experience,"Hotel is maybe not in the best location of London, but basically a great 5*-star experience if you're up to take the taxi / metro to get to the city centre. Hotel staff was friendly, executive lounge was spacious with a good selection of drinks and the rooms were spacious.   Leisure centre was mediocre though. Don't book this hotel if you want an exceptionally good spa experience, but the gym is fine.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"1 night stay, London. ","No complaints here at all.  Our room was huge (in comparison to other hotels we have stayed in in London) bathroom and shower big too. Decor nice and modern. Bed comfy and tea making facilities a bonus!   Enjoyed a morning swim, pool good for lengths. Had fresh towels as you walked through to the gym/swimming pool area which was good!   I'd stay here again.  ",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Our favorite hotel ,This is the best hotel we’ve ever stayed at. We’ve stayed here numerous times and there has never been a time that it didn’t feel like home. Especially thankful for Juan in the dining room and Andre in the bar. ,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Mr,"It was great vacation no doubts I’ll be back to the same hotel , the hotel was so nice clean and comfortable. While the vacation I met a person called Dan zgurschi from the concierge team of the hotel , he was so nice and was advising and helping me anytime I’ve needed, no words! Was amazing...",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous overnight stay,"This Hotel has a real luxury feel,with a friendly, welcoming atmosphere.  Check in was quick and easy. We travelled as 2 couples so reserved 2 rooms. One room was ready to check-in at 2pm and the other was not. It was no problem, we left our bags in the room that was available and went off to explore London. We received a text later in the afternoon to advise that the 2nd room was ready.  The rooms are spacious, the bed linen is good quality, the bathroom is  bright with everything you need. I really liked the quietness of each room. Not once did we hear our neighbours.  The breakfast was excellent with lots of choice (they even had oat and soya milk) and it was very food quality too with friendly waiting staff.  The bar is well-stocked with over 50 gins, ranging from your every…",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay lovely service,Really enjoyed the stay at Hilton. I think this should be the hilton flagship hotel. The room sizes are great and so is the service. I want to give my compliments to Alessia who was serving us at breakfast. She was very friendly and catered to all our needs. Its great to see hilton has high standards and really put in effort in training the staff. Great job.,Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing weekend away with family,"My family and I spent an amazing weekend in Hilton London Bankside.  We enjoyed every single facility of the hotel: the amazing room, the Executive lounge, the food at Oxbo, the swimming pool and the fantastic service from every single member of staff.  The highlight was how special they made my daughter feel with all the attention and special treats in the room.  Thank you and we will definitely come back!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best hotel stay ever!,"Service is amazing, everyone is friendly. Breakfast had soy milk option for tea, which was fantastic. Room was beautiful, well taken care of. The bar has fantastic gjn and tonic drinks and I got to try a few my last night there. This was my second stay at this place and can't rave about it enough. It was both luxury and comfortable. ",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel with excellent service,"My first stay at this Hilton, but likely won't be my last.  A weekend break in London was made even better by the central location. The excellent service started before I'd even arrived. Having forgotten a toothbrush, I messaged the hotel and found a dental kit in my room on arrival. No bath, but the waterfall shower was a dream!  Also lovely to come back in the evening to the beds being turned down and robes and slippers ready to use. A really nice touch.",Date of stay: March 2019,5.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Such a lovely hotel,"I spent my last night after travelling the UK at the Hilton London Bankside and I could not have been happier with my stay. The hotel staff are so lovely and accommodating and nothing was too much trouble for them. The bed was so comfortable it felt like laying on a cloud.  Every time I return to London, I will be staying at this hotel. Thanks for a wonderful stay :)",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful afternoon/evening, I will be back for sure","I have been to Hilton London BankSide with a friend:Everything about our evening was absolutely spot on! Fabulous, relaxing atmosphere, super friendly service, amazing food and great cocktails. And all great value. Special Thanks to Suman and Anabela for being thoughtful, attentive, smiling and professional since we arrived  Def recommend for either a date or night out with friends. Thanks guys!!!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous lounge ,"This is not our first trip to this hotel. It looks a lot less impressive from the outside than it does on the inside.  As you walk through the doors, you can not help but smile with the amazing way you are treated by every member of staff you come into contact with. Along with the quirky animal themes and the wonderful smell, it’s a real sanctuary.   The family suites are fantastic. We have stayed in a number and we have no complaint whatsoever.   The executive lounge is fabulous and a real haven within a haven. We have been looked after by Gergely Müller a number of times, and his smile is always there to keep you cheery!   The leisure facilities are great and probably far too underused. Every time I have been there it has been remarkably quiet for such a wonderful location.  …",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Will be back ,I went to London for a day trip with a friend and ended up in The Distillery Bar at Hilton London Bankside.  This place is one of a kind.. LOVED IT 10 out of 10. The warm welcome from The Assistant Bar Manager Suman Poudel what an asset he is to the hotel. Throughout the evening Suman was very friendly and professional.  This will definitely be my go to bar when in London. Can't wait to be back ,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,You can Bank on a Great Experience at this Bankside Hotel,"We often choose to stay in Hilton or Doubletree to help with our points collection. However, even with no points I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel. It's a great new addition to the Hilton family in London and full of little luxuries to enhance any stay.  We stayed for four nights and enjoyed the trip from start to end. We arrived early, but were still able to check in and the team on the front desk and reception area were all great, full of smiles and helpful.  We ate onsite one of the nights at the Oxbo and enjoyed the menu on offer and way the food tasted and was presented. The bar area is also a nice environment and offers half price drinks (well by second one for 1p) from 4pm to 6pm on the weekdays we ere staying there. A nice touch/treat to start the evening.  We…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great 5 star experience ,"Stayed overnight when we went to London to watch the Harry Potter play. Fresh flowers and a classy reception area set the tone for our whole experience. Friendly,  helpful staff and spacious bedrooms...one of the best executive lounges I have seen and a lovely bar- what more could you ask for. Sadly we did not have much time in the hotel so could not use the on site leisure facilities,  wished we had booked two nights. It was my daughter's 25th birthday and she was lucky that there was a suite we could upgrade to. Our executive room was a touch of luxury,well designed and spacious. The bathroom was spotless and the bed was so comfy we wanted to take it home with us...we will return next time we are in London. ",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fab hotel fab service,Great location for exploring London. Excellent executive lounge.  Exvellent service in all areas.  Only down on the whole stay was poor cooked breakfast.  Not the usual Hilton choice or quality.  Pastries however are to die for which compensated.  Will return.,Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Booked Executive room for a birthday and anniversary. Have been here before and like last time, was not disappointed. Our room was fabulous, clean and spacious. The lounge was also excellent with attentive staff. Highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,You can't fault this hotel,"Great and amazing hotel from entering the hotel to last second you leave you between safe hands start from check in ,room ,executive lounge ,pool and end up with amazing breakfast keep the good job guys .",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A true 5* experience,"Everything from the quality of the rooms, facilities, food, executive lounge and the wonderful staff make this one of the best hotels I’ve ever been to. Certainly the best Hilton I’ve been to. Thank you to all the staff for making our stay so welcoming!",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"chic, romantic, with top notch service","Everything about this hotel is amazing.The restaurant inside is beautiful and serves high quality breakfast, there is also a trendy pub but I didn’t have a chance to get a drink. The location is in the center of all the major tourist attractions, making it easy to walk everywhere.This was my first time and London and will definitely stay here on all future trips. ",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing,Loved everything about this hotel . It was spotless clean .Gorgeous interior. Amazing and friendly staff A must stay when in London !! The location is also great for a quiter surrounding .It really was a treat,Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,An excellent hotel in a great part of London,"I have stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions now. The hotel is up to date and the rooms are always in fantastic condition when we arrive. The staff are helpful and attentive. The hotel is located in Bankside, a relatively quiet place considering how central it is.This is now my go to hotel if I am staying in London.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Quick Business Trip in Nov 2018,"as a normal practice the hotel blocked GBP 500 on my debit card and on my check out I settled GBP 900+ in invoice however we are now on 11th Feb 2019 and the hotel has not yet released my block. Repeated follow up from my office only receives a response ""accounts is checking please give us some time"". All i need is if you released please provide evidence so i can resolve it with the bank or admit your mistake and release my block immediately. How can any traveller trust your hotel if you maintain such a irresponsible attitude!?!? or is this plain simple fraud??? Comments on stay...no luggage assistance...rooms are good...location is good...people at reception cold...restaurant staff just ok!",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,What’s not to like,"Only stayed for one night but great location, clean all round, friendly staff, gorgeous room with oh so comfy bed!  The room was clean and fresh, bathroom was lovely and little treats such as being able to listen to the tele in the shower go a long way!   The black out blinds and big bed meant for Avery comfy nights sleep.   Pool area was clean as a very stay all round for someone who is 23 weeks pregnant.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Our favourite hotel in London,"My wife and I come here on a regular basis. The hotel feels very new, elegant, and luxurious. We believe it only recently was upgraded from 4.5 stars to 5 stars, and rightly so! It's one of only 4 Hilton brand hotels in London, which offers a fitness, pool, and executive lounge. Speaking of which, it is a very slick lounge with very helpful staff. Every time we are here, lovely Gergely spoils us with drinks, olives, and his stories. A+ in customer service. The Oxbo restaurant recently changed their menu to a more limited, yet, tasty menu. The Distillery Bar brings great memories to us as we spent New Year's here, enjoying succulent drinks and a great ambiance with a lot of people, yet enough privacy to not have to endure the usual over-crowdedness of London restaurants. As…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Never Treated So Well,"My father and I stayed with you over the Xmas and NYE holiday and we could not have been happier. Upon arrival, Angelo greeted us and was wonderful! He made check in easy and was always welcoming when we saw him. The concierge helped us many times with travel advice and details. The staff in the Executive Lounge was always friendly and helpful. They would go out of their way to make you feel like royalty. The rooms were large and comfortable. The tubs are a little high and can be tough to get in and out of though. But sometimes, it is the little things. Waking up Xmas morning to find a stocking full of treat on our door was just excellent. Thank you so much for a wonderful stay!",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic London hotel,"My friends and I had the pleasure of staying in this beautiful hotel last October. This hotel is something special. We had twin rooms with access to the executive lounge for breakfast and evening drinks. It was lovely to have a relaxing breakfast with friends each morning with a range of options and there was a lovely chilled atmosphere in the evening, with a variety of drinks & snacks available. We had a meal one night in the Oxbo restaurant. I really enjoyed  it and the food  was cooked to perfection. The rooms are beautifully decorated, industrial chic, beds really luxurious and the shower was heavenly, really spacious.   The staff of this hotel were so friendly and definitely went the extra mile to be helpful.  Staff in the executive lounge were  particularly helpful in…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel in the Hilton Chain,"Just stayed her for one night. Husband is a diamond member and we was lucky to be upgraded to a suite and have access to the executive lounge. Out of all the Hiltons we have stayed at, this is one of the best. Immaculate, friendly team, gym and swimming pool and close to Southwark Tube and other amenities. Plus it was our wedding anniversary and came back from a show to find a lovely cake to celebrate! 5 star stay and will be returning! ",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or445-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Third visit - still a great hotel,"This is becoming our go-to hotel for trips down to London.  The location is second to none and the level of comfort is extremely high.  Definitely a cut above most other Hiltons. We received an upgrade to a Deluxe room on the top floor with our Hilton Gold status, which was a nice perk.  Our room was spacious and the bed was exceedingly comfortable.  We even had a view across to St. Paul's Cathedral.   Breakfast in the restaurant on both mornings was excellent, but service was a bit of an issue, with coffee cups sitting empty. On our first night, we chose to eat in the Oxbo restaurant.  This was not as good as previously as the menu has morphed into a 'British tapas' style offering, which, whilst nice, was not as much to our preference as the old menu.  Our waiter could hardly…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and welcoming hotel,"Hilton Bankside is my hotel of choice when I visit London. On my most recent visit it did not disappoint. The staff, as ever, were helpful and friendly, the room that we booked was comfortable and clean, and the breakfast was yummy, with a great choice. This is one of the best Hilton’s that I have stayed at and I look forward to staying there again. Recommended.",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, great location, super service","One of the best Hiltons I've ever stayed at--service was amazing, the rooms are state of the art and beautiful, and location two blocks from the Tate can't be beat. Anything else you want is within a short and safe walk--shops, great restaurants, etc. The super thick windows allowed for a quiet room.  Shout-out to the bellmen and front desk--especially Angelo who remembered my name our entire stay.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good choice,"Stayed here 3 nights on business for a conference being held here. Clean and spacious room, the conference facilities very good, food nice especially for the number being catered for, overall a perfect choice. Only little things to not get 5 stars being not sure if stuff in minibar was free as no price list but nothing to say it was, room was very cold despite heating being turned up to 29 degrees and bathroom even colder which a large heated towel rail would have gone down a treat - I would still be more than happy to stay here again however!",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hilton Hotel,"We stayed for one night in January as we had an early appointment at Guy's Hospital the following day.  The reception area is spacious and staffed with welcoming and friendly staff.  Our room was large and spotlessly clean with very comfortable beds, large TV and well-designed bathroom.  The only facility we used was the indoor pool, which was a good size and again, spotlessly clean.   Will certainly use this hotel again for future stays in London.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or450-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton Ever!,"We stayed for one-night over Christmas 2018 as we were going to the Ministry of Sound nearby. What a brilliant hotel!  Get yourself the Hilton Honors App and book a room. You can get ""lounge access"" and the Executive Lounge at this Hilton is fantastic, just like a swanky London club. For 3 hours every evening (5pm till 8pm) you get complimentary food and top-shelf beverages on-tap. Once you've made the most of that head to the hotel bar, an oasis of calm with high end furnishings.  Our room had two bathrooms, a large lounge and two massive TVs. It was all brand spanking new and very clean indeed.  In short - amazing.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A hotel with personality! ,"We had a fabulous two day break at the Hilton Bankside. This hotel has real personality! We loved the lively bar and Oxbo restaurant with its quirky interior. Staff were always prepared to go the extra mile. The breakfast buffet was an absolute feast. On both mornings as we left breakfast we were offered a coffee to go which was a lovely touch.  The room had a fresh modern interior with coffee and mini bar reflecting the latest food trends.   The hotel is excellently located if you are interested in visiting the Tate modern, National portrait Gallery and National Gallery.   We would love to return! ",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London,"Best Hilton in London. Very Clean rooms, helpful staff. Good gym and swimming pool. Nice lounge, great breakfast. Close to jubilee line. Ask for high floor and junior suite, with a view. Can't fault it.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Keep coming back...,"I have visited the Bankside now on maybe 6 occasions. Each visit is of a consistently high standard. The staff are efficient and attentive without being overly fussy. Check in is always easy and bills are always correct. Each room I have stayed in is comfortable and a good night sleep follows.  Breakfast is a treat in the Oxbo restaurant, the lounge is always well stocked and a cheeky cocktail in the main bar is always welcome. Looking forward to my next stay in June!",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another excellent stay with excellent service,"Another year, another visit, and yet, same hotel! We continue to love this hotel, and the people working there. Special mention for Juan Vasquez, welcoming us every day for breakfast and ensuring we would start our day the perfect way. Rooms are large, quiet, clean and the quality of the big-big bed make us sleep in total confort. Keep it that way for next year's visit.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or455-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best service in town ,"The staff is very welcoming and friendly and I wouldn’t book anywhere else. Compared to my other travels and the hotel’s I stay at the Hotel are above the rest! Your staff is one of the most professional. Your Front Desk staff Erlanda is very courteous she  made our stay plesent and looked after us.  Breakfast was delicious, i will also like to say that Florin from breakfast looked after us and was very  professional.  Thank  you for  your hospitality, we will definetly return. 5* service and professionalism,  i will definetly recommend   The hotel to all my friends!",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Sadly had to drop a star.,"I stay here two or three times each year - the staff are fantastic, executive lounge great, breakfast has a great selection, and the bar has a good buzz about it. However, they have a problem with smells in the bedrooms. I have had to move rooms three times in the past year or so. I can suffer a small hint of staleness in a room, but the times I’ve had to move the smells have been really horrendous. The windows don’t open in the rooms so the staff have no real way to fix the problem properly. Such a shame. If it had been a one-off then fine, but it’s just getting too much now, I have another trip booked for March and sadly it could be my last. I have another 4 London trips planned for this year and I think I will have to look for a better Hilton.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Kevin, Jane & Friends Thursday night treat","Nice hotel, well positioned with plenty of facilities. Rooms were clean, well appointed and spacious. Breakfast was first rate, the selection wide, quality high and portion sizes generous. The bar area was large, well served and priced reasonably given the location. ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Maybe the best Hilton in London ??,We stayed here for a weekend getaway and we could not have picked a better place to stay. First of all the neighborhood is lively and many things are within walking distance (including the excellent Borough Market). Tate Modern is literally across the street and there are plenty of fun restaurants and bars around. The tube is also not too far away with only a few minutes walk. The only negative of entire stay was during check-in. Apparently a lot of new employees have recently started and some are not well informed. The lady insisted for instance that gold members were not entitled to breakfast and that only diamond members received this benefit in this hotel. She was quite insistent that we would have to pay for it and I just asked her to check. She promised to do so but never…,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Hilton Hotel,My partner and I have visited London on business many times over the past 15 years and this was by far the best hotel we've stayed at in London. The service was outstanding. The hotel design beautiful. Guest room very comfortable. There was not a single problem or downside. The location is great next to Tate Modern. Overall fantastic experience.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or460-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Saturday Brunch,From when you enter Bankside and you’re at the cloakroom you get to enjoy a little banter with the staff members who are very engaging.  This was my 3rd visit to enjoy brunch and it keeps getting better. Great music. Huge selection of food. I feel like it’s better to visit on a Saturday than a Sunday.   We were lucky to have Dylan Hieu waiting on us and making sure we had a good afternoon.  We loved Dylan and we hope to see him again on our next visit.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A gem in Bankside,"Being a Hilton Diamond member, I can not find any fault with this property. The rooms are bright, generously sized, clean and with very comfortable beds. The check in staff is very friendly and courteous. This has been my second stay at this property and I will surely stay again next time when in Bankside.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Getting spoiled this trip ,"I booked this property for location and because it has a club lounge  I jus missed Diamond again for this year but the check in agent was kind enough to upgrade me for access - I had to wait for my room but it was really no issue as I had dinner and she was kind enough to deliver my key to the restaurant.  - food pretty good - breakfast - it’s really rare to find a chef that can actually make great scrambled eggs, truly fantastic - I would return for these alone  - great lounge with friendly staff and good wifi, I wanted access as I had a ton of work to catch up on and these were lovely surroundings to do it on today - pool - really unusual to find a decent pool you can actually do lengths in - room, great to have a ‘kill switch by the bed’ - please ask turndown staff not to…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb !! Wonderful stay and such lovely staff.,I cannot recommend this hotel more highly. We were celebrating my mum’s 60th birthday and I could not have made a better choice. The staff were all so kind and accommodating. A special mention to Alvaro who helped us with our transport arrangements. Such a nice man. Our room was clean and comfortable and the beds made it a struggle to make it to the marvellous breakfast where we were delighted with the service provided by our waiter Dylan. I want to say a personal thank you to all the staff at Bankside for making my Mum and I feel so welcome on such a special occasion.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and clean hotel,"Location is great, near great places for food and near many great places to visit.  As a diamond status, hotel was nice enough to upgrade my room. Busy hotel, but they were able to accommodate as the room change. Natasha at the front desk was very efficient and was able to work out some issues. Good front desk staff, but they should smile bit more😄 Room was clean, comfortable bed and very quiet with good amenities. Lounge was excellent with very friendly service and good food/drinks. Restaurant was a huge disappointment, food was good, but somewhat tasteless. For person traveling from other country, sometime simple local food would be good, but not sure who they were catering to. Bar was good with lots of good choices, but again bit more traditional choices would be great. …",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or465-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Location & Staff Perfect ,"If you are searching comfort, cleanness, good location and staff efficient Hilton Bankside London can offer a pleasant stay. It’s not cheap but is worthy if you wanna stay some steps from Tate Modern. Don’t forget the breakfast.",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"Excellent service from beginning to end. John the head concierge was extremely helpful in advice on where and when to visit sites and help with planning activities. Our favorite waiter Dylan H. hooked us up with the best coffee’s- cappuccino, flat white, double shot and even a coffee to go that rivaled that of the cafes. And our room was CLEAN - Clara made sure our bed was turned down, the water and complimentary lemonade and cookies were stocked, and we had extra shampoo and towels.  Not all Hilton’s are the same- I’ve had good experiences in Turkey and bad experiences in Egypt but this is one of the best ones. Usually I’d say something was good and not mention names but the staff here deserves a personal shout out because they remember you and they took care of us like family.…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Still Our Favorite Hilton,"We stayed here for 2 nights this time.  This was our 4th visit.  It's still fantastic with great service, friendly people, and with everything very clean and working efficiently.  There were a few minor issues.  The free mini-bar had nothing in it worthwhile except water.  They've gone green, and it mainly had bird food type snacks and healthy drinks.  Our last stay, my main issue with the fridge was getting only diet soft drinks vs. a variety of such, but this time, there were no soft drinks?? Also, no chocolate or other decent snacks.  When I'm on vacation, I want good stuff!  In the lounge, I've always said how wonderful it is that they stock diet tonic so I can have gin and tonics without worrying about sugar issues.  This time, the first night, they had diet tonic but only…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic service and building ,"The swimming pool is wow, long enough for a good swimming.... Food at the restaurant is omg... I loved the homemade bread... but also the stake was fab....  staff, extremely polite and helpful and kind and and and ....  definitely a place to recommend ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great Stay at the London Bankside, highly recommended","We stayed here overnight whilst meeting up with family in London.  The hotel is lovely, rooms very spacious for London with everything you need and very well designed, the bathroom was gorgeous.  Check in staff and the concierge were very helpful and friendly.  Would definitely stay again, this may be my new favourite for a London stay.  ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or470-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London,"Every stay at the bankside is always a pleasure. I'm diamond and before checking in I called up and asked if they had a suite for an upgrade, they had one left and very kindly upgraded me to a 7th floor suite with a lovely view. The exec lounge is fantastic, the canapes are delicious and they have a great drubis selection.   The staff are wonderful and really make the hotel feel like home.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hospitality PLUS!!,Truly felt at home in this comfortable Hilton. Every detail from the dining to the bar to the comfortable rooms-  it’s all there!   Would go back without a doubt.  Suman Poudel and Juan Vasquez along with their staff went above and beyond- treating us like family!,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Arrived late in the evening at the hotel, check-in was a breeze! Went to my room and it was so clean, large and the bathroom was lovely! Went to the bar for a drink with my colleagues and the finger food was delicious. Great selection of beer as well, staff were exceptionally helpful. The level of service was excellent, cannot thank the staff enough and the location is very central for walking and seeing sights. Thoroughly recommend. ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside and OXBO Distillery - Excellent,Suman Poudal and the staff of the OXBO Distillery were extremely helpful and made my family’s stay memorable and one of the best holidays we’ve experienced.  The professionalism of the hotel staff and cleanliness and quality of the accommodations was exceptional.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A wonderful break in the city,My daughter choose to visit London with me to jointly celebrate our birthdays. She wanted a hotel with a pool which is how I discovered this hotel. We arrived late but the reception staff were welcoming and attentive to my daughter. The room itself (which I had pre-booked on line) was spacious and comfortable. It had everything we needed and was extremely well designed and cleaned. The staff had also organised for a chocolate brownie and Happy Birthday plate to be left in our room on arrival - a very nice gesture. We swam every morning and enjoyed the long swimming pool. There was also a jacuzzi at one end of the pool but as it shared the pool water it was tepid rather than hot tub. The changing facilities in the leisure area were very good. Breakfast is amazing here. I've been…,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or475-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Business,"I stay here a lot for business and it never fails to provide an excellent service. I introduced it to some of my friends and their children. The 2 comments that the children made were 1 Fantastic breakfast 2 comfortable beds. 2 important things for children.  I would recommend upgrading to executive for the afternoon tea, evening drinks and canapés.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable rooms, great service","We stayed two nights in Jan '19. Rooms were very clean, incredibly comfortable beds, clean and contemporary bathrooms. Great complimentary minibar. Excellent hair dryers. The hotel is wonderful; the decor throughout is stylishly elegant and whimsical. The concierge was fantastic, he greeted us warmly on arrival and arranged car service to airport for us. The executive lounge is very comfortable (we liked the fireplace and having tv w/news and sports games) with fantastic service from the staff and great breakfast, tea, and happy hour amenities. We also enjoyed the restaurant, and the great gin and tonics at the bar. It felt like a five star hotel, and we didn't even make it to the spa or pool. The Tate Modern is just around the corner. I would definitely stay here again, for…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Upscale Hilton business style hotel,"I have mixed feelings about this hotel. On one side it's the best Hilton in town. The cleanest of all. The best maintained with touches like turndown service that I thought long gone down the East road of cost cuttings in this hotel category. Same for the free mini bar in executive room. There's even someone opening the taxindoor and helping you with your suitcase. At one point I really was wondering big this was a Hilton! Then, On the other side, it was time for check in and I realized that I was in a Hilton and not some sort of small modern luxury hotel. Being a gold card holder I asked about upgrade and late (14:00) check out. The attendant was embarrassed and could not respond. Called a ""supervisor"". She was a blunt ""computer says no"" inflexible kind of person and sense of…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We stayed here for 4 night's over a long weekend.  Got a very reasonable  rate for such a high standard hotel. Booked directly on a b and b rate.The delicious  breakfast choices both hot and cold  are hugely varied.We were looked after well  by Dylan in the dining room. Room and bathroom spotless and modern. The pool is great, just the place to ease aching muscles after sightseeing , for which the hotel is ideally placed being a stonesthrow from the Millennium  bridge and Southwark  tube station. The bar is buzzing with happy hours between 4 and 6 pm with buy  one get one free. Reasonable prices for  a London city centre  bar.Thanks to Vladamir for his great service. All in all thoroughly  recommended",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superior is every way,"In a city with plenty options, this hotel stands apart. Everything you expect from a Hilton and then some. Great specious and well fitted rooms.   Excellent service from the Executive Lounge, check in staff are friendly and efficient and breakfast staff are wonderful.   It is very strategically located and within a 5 mins walk to a tube. There are many dining options in the hotel or within a 5 minute walk.   Definitely staying there again.   ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or480-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Excellent service and friendly staff. The breakfast was great, the room was spotless and the swimming pool was a bonus. Can't find anything wrong with this hotel. Just over one mile walk to the West End theatres. We will definitely book it again next time.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great hotel spoiled by check in staff,"Stayed here over the Christmas period. From the moment we approached check in things went pear shaped. We were greeted by an efficient check in lady, not hugely welcoming but efficient all the same. We had booked 3 separate reservations for our 3 day stay, this seemed to cause an issue. My wife was bluntly and rudely asked 'whats your name'? Clearly forgetting that as an honors member, wives and girlfriends do not have to be declared. My wife commented the check in lady made her feel like a criminal and had done something wrong. That was totally unacceptable. We were allocated a room, no upgrade was offered, we had booked a king deluxe room. The room we were shown to was very poor. Tiny and cramped and nothing like the usual king deluxe rooms we have experienced previously.  As…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best UK Hiltons,"We arrived quite late at night and found the valet parking a bit frustrating - due to their seemingly being only 1 person managing it, with 3 cars to deal with and very little space.  I was tired after a long journey so didn’t really appreciate the confusion at a check-in, but that was my own fault as I had forgotten that I had checked in already through the app!  The lobby area was amazingly decorated and very festive.  The deluxe room, while small, was really great - spotlessly clean, well-equipped, with a nice view and a very comfortable bed.  Service over the stay was exemplary...efficient, warm and friendly.  Breakfast was also excellent.  Great location as well, as it is a very short walk to the river, the Tate etc and close enough to the tube to make getting around easy. …",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Still good, however...","We stayed four nights in January and this was our second stay at the location.  Everything was just as good as before but as highlighted in my previous review, the design isn't great for those wishing to use a hair curled etc. or put on make-up. My wife pointed this out and have to agree.  Comfy beds, clean room in good condition, friendly staff and a decent executive lounge, relaxing pool area and very quiet even with the hustle of the city outside. Close to many restaurants and shops for everything you might need. Breakfast was only 'ok' and the hot items could be improved, cooked in smaller batches to keep them in best condition but it does cater to many nationalities.  Gripe is that as a Diamond member you should get a suite upgrade, subject to availability which we were…",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Great hotel. Excellent location. We had a very pleasant stay. Near a lot of things to do. Homely feeling . Excellent service. Just one downside , returning deposit takes far too long. In these modern times it should not be too difficult to push a button one or two days after leaving. ",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or485-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Should have been a five star let down by basic organisation,"Many positives about this hotel. Excellent location, a really decent bar and huge restaurant. The rooms are excellent too and well looked after. The breakfast was exceptional. For Central London too the prices are reasonable.  My main issue was their failure to address my feather allergy. I put down on the initial booking I was allergic to feather so would need foam pillows. I emailed the hotel the morning too and it was confirmed by the management. However when I arrived to check in the room had feather and the receptionist had to phone around to resolve which resulted in us waiting around in reception. This has happened before at less reputable places which is why I always double check so was very surprised this happened in a Hilton. Started the stay on a very sour note and so…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay. Beautiful suite - will return! ,"We were upgraded ahead of our stay to a beautiful one bed deluxe suite overlooking the Shard as Diamond members. The room was huge and had really nice little touches like complimentary mini bar. We were also able to request a child bath amenity kit (with a teddy bear which my kid loved!) using the Hilton app. The hotel even sent us a delicious chocolate cake to celebrate our wedding anniversary! Late check request was also granted over the Messaging function in the Hilton app. Excellent service from everyone we met with smiles all round!   The food quality in the executive lounge was excellent. Beautiful cakes during afternoon tea and free flow of sparkling wine during the evening happy hour.   Overall excellent stay so well done to Kim, Cristina and the rest of the Bankside…",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good indeed,"Hilton Hotels can be a bit, well, corporate. Anonymously competent but lacking the personal touch. Not so with this (relatively) new build. in a very good location and with excellent facilities. Main asset is the staff who have been unfailingly excellent and friendly.   Strongly recommended.",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wee gem! ,"First time here in this new hotel. Near Tate Modern & 5 mins from Underground. As Diamond member access to Executive Lounge & one of the best we’ve stayed in. Large lounge well furnished. Beautiful afternoon tea quickly followed by evening canapés of smoked salmon, prawns, cold meats, etc & lovely wine. Staff helpful & pleasant. We’ll be back! ",Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Can't think of a complaint,"Stayed for 3 nights over Christmas and had a wonderful stay. In fact, I can't really think of anything negative to say about the hotel.  The hotel is new and well appointed. We were happy with our entry-level room. It was a reasonable-to-good size (for London) and had all the amenities you would expect of a 5-star hotel (except an iron). There was no minibar, but there was an empty fridge, which was even better considering there was a Tesco across the street and a Sainsbury's two doors down.  We had the buffet breakfast at the hotel and it had a great selection and the food was good quality. The hotel gym was adequate (not the best, but good enough for a few days). There is a large underground pool too which we saw, but did not use.  The hotel location was really good - it was a…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or490-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"After spending more than 200 nights at the Hilton London Bankside, I still enjoy every stay i spent at this place. It has a great location, great facilities and especially great staff. One of the best Hilton places worldwide.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel & Staff,"The hotel is very unassuming when you look at the building and location. However, the service is definitely 5-star.  What makes this hotel special is the staff. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. Excellent executive lounge.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best!,"We had a great stay and most of this is due to the people working there, doing the best for the travellers. 4/5 stars because the room had no view, no possibility to open a window for fresh air as the ventilation was not very efficient (bad thermostat maybe, indicating wrong temperatures) and there was no bathtub, only stand up shower. Great breakfast and nice atmosphere in the restaurant, with cordial and hospitable waiters. Good occasion again to mention and thank  the entire staff for the good work they are doing. The location of the hotel is excellent, few steps from Tate Modern (added a picture of the hotel taken from one of the museum's windows) and half a mile to the unique Borough Market.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location and excellent hotel.,We enjoyed the location of this hotel.  A  small walk to the southbank boardwalk we found it to be away from all the hustle and bustle but still close to restaurant and shopping.  The hotel made us feel welcome and even left a small Christmas gift the morning of.  The staff were friendly and the rooms very comfortable.   ,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,New year eve stay,"Stayed at this Hotel for nye hotel is in a great area for Borough market an areas around London Eye The hotel is spotless and well looked after , staff lovely and welcoming, we had king room with had a massive comfy bed and bathroom with large shower , staff helped my wife out when she lost earring in sink which they retrieved thanks to maintenance man , the only complaint we had was in happy hour 4-6 the offer of buy 1 drink and second drink 1p in the oxbo bar my wife and me had 2 gin and tonics and was shocked with the bill manager did sort but we did feel it wasn’t explanatory how they got the prices on the bill , staff do need to be told it’s not really buy 1 and second for a 1p apart from that we enjoyed our stay , will return sometime",Date of stay: January 2019,4.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or495-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Family London Trip,"A great hotel with over the top service. Being a Hilton Gold member allowed us to check in at 10 am after an overnight flight and our rooms were upgraded as well. The breakfast buffet, included for Hilton Gold members, was fantastic and had lots of options. They even allowed us to eat at the buffet Xmas morning even though our stay didn’t officially begin until that afternoon. The bar that’s attached is good for a night cap.   The rooms were spacious and clean. Very comfortable beds and the shower was great. Turn down service is always nice to come back to after a long day. The only room issues we had was the TV was glitchy, the lighting could be better, and our tissue box wasn’t refilled one night.   A little far from the main attractions of London but was able to Uber…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Pre Christmas stay,"Our London Hilton hotel of choice when visiting as we consider it good value with, in my opinion, the best executive lounge on offer. Warmly welcomed at check in and our room was well appointed, clean and comfortable. Lounge for evening drinks and nibbles and breakfast all good. I prefer to the more expensive Park Lane Hilton as it has a more intimate feel. No issues at all. (Missed the giant Nutcrackers outside this year! Hope they are only in storage).",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Worst Beds,"Not good at all and please try to improve service, else people would start feeling bad about the expensive hotels like Hilton is. I was recommend about this hotel by a friend who owns few Marriotts in North America and he was also not happy after what I received.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Customer orientation lacks completely,"We have been loyal to Hilton Park Lane and the Mondrian for years, but we were really happy when we found an equally nice yet less expensive hotel in our favorite area- the Hilton London Bankside. As avid travelers and as HH Gold we stay at a dozen hotels per year. Initially we felt the Hilton LB met all our requirements for a perfect stay- some small imperfections were on the account of this then being a new hotel. We even chose to have the night there when getting married, that’s how much we liked it.   My husband got us this little two-night getaway between Christmas and New Years to escape kids, cooking and just relax. However this time we were not happy with our stay. We got our first room staring into a brick wall. Barely any daylight. The air in the room was not…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Couldn't ask for better,"Absolutely loved the hotel. Arriving six hours early, I was impressed I was offered a room and could check-in. Having a shower and freshening-up made all the difference after arriving off a long international flight. The fit out and quality of both the room and hotel was impressive. Every modern convenience, quiet rooms, comfortable beds and well-appointed amenities. The only thing missing was an iron but I'm sure they could've fetched one had I asked. In the mornings the breakfast was equally knock-out with copious amounts of traditional English and European foods on offer. The level of attention of the waitstaff was the best I've ever experienced; although possibly a little too attentive in that as soon as a plate was finished, they were over to clear it. Might sound a little…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or500-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location and wonderful staff,We had 3 nights at this lovely hotel.  The room was great and this has to be the most comfortable bed ever!  The location was also very good.  The most outstanding thing about this hotel has to be the staff.  We were greeted like long lost friends every time we returned to the hotel.  A special thank you to Mark Kis for whom no problem was too large.  He made our stay trouble free.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Executive Lounge,Really nice hotel and amazing customer service.   Rebecca (Executive Lounge) was so friendly and kind with us.   High quality room and very clean swimming pool. Delicious breakfast.  I would definitely come back.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay - disappointing response to problem with visit,"I'm of two minds about this hotel. First the good - it is stunning, if a little hard to find (kind of hidden down a narrow street), and we had good communication from hotel staff prior to our stay and service while we were there (mostly making local calls and calls upstairs). We arrived early after a red-eye flight from the US and had five rooms reserved - we were offered an accessible room for my parents and early check-in which was very appreciated. The rooms were superior quality, space and modernity. No frills (usual shampoo etc) but great layout and all easy to use. Definitely the largest rooms on our stay (we used three hotels in two cities in England). There was a nice amount of holiday decorations and Christmas jumpers on staff were fun. The location, which made us a…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel!,"We really enjoyed our experience at the Hilton Bankside. The room was fantastic, the hotel staff were excellent, and the breakfast was wonderful too. The beds are extremely comfortable with heavy comforters and great pillows. The shower was great too. Lots of lighting throughout the room and lots of power/usb outlets. Wish we could have tried the bar. It looked great. We also saw many people going to and from the pool during the winter time so it must be great. ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not sure how it got 5 stars!,"First the good: The rooms are comfortable and roomy enough for a longer stay. Bathroom, especially the shower, is great. Bar and restaurant are nice, but food wasn't great, and service was just ok. Bad: They are so cheap it hurts! An upgrade to Deluxe room, for 15 to 25 pounds sterling a night---it gets you two free sodas every day! Don't get suckered! Breakfast is nice and extensive, but not worth 25 pounds...Also, NO amenities other than cheap shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. You have to call and ask for a Q-tip, makeup removal pad, shower cap...everything! I assume the 5th star comes from the turnover service, but these folks really need to up their game in terms of providing luxury or great service. You can tell they're trying to squeeze out every penny. ",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or505-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay in London,This hotel largely met our expectations.   The interior design is tasteful with a « boutique » feel.  Very nice and spacious bathroom.The installation are very nice. Everything is perfectly clean.   The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The location is great no matter how you like to go around London.  I wholeheartedly recommend !,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"Go here to stay. 10 out of 10 on everything. Worth every penny. Lounge, staff, lobby, room, food, and location all spot on. Will stay there again next time we visit. Already looking at dates to stay there again.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing!!,"My partner and I stayed here on 22/11/2018. Little did I know that I was going to spend the night here as an ENGAGED couple!! My partner booked here as a surprise because he had planned to propose to me. So, we arrived at the hotel around lunch time to drop off our bags but the lady on the desk told us our room was ready for us straight away. Room is basic but with a bed so comfy that I didn’t want to leave it. Bathroom was lovely and clean with a big shower. The staff are so brilliant and will go above and beyond to make sure your stay is the best. The breakfast was absolutely amazing. So many things to choose from. What stood out for me was the lovely, attentive chef at the breakfast bar who asks how you’d like your eggs cooked. He was great! Everything my partner and I ate,…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Worthy of its 5* rating,"What a fabulous experience, from start to finish. The hotel is immaculate, public spaces chic and modern and the rooms are outstanding. Room service menu good and service can not be faulted. I would love to know what the duvet was - I would like to buy one for myself. We don’t have a bad word to say about our stay - fabulous. Few places are true 5* experiences but this is one. Well done all. ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel,  would stay here again ","Super friendly and helpful staff!  Rooms were a great size, and they actually had foam pillows put in there for me before check in! (I always request them with my booking,  almost never get them). Easy 10 min walk to a couple different underground lines, great exec lounge and a good hearty breakfast. Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or510-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Quiet and comfortable sleeping quarters,"First, the hotel is a bit removed from ""Tourist London"", but it is just a short walk to the Southwark Tube Station, so it might be a good economical base if a hotel in central London is not on your ""bucket list"".  The area is a strange mix of office buildings and residential areas, but it has a good variety of restaurants, and it is relatively quiet at night.  I stayed there on a Friday night when the bar was quite busy with the staff from the surrounding buildings celebrating the end of the week, but the hotel restaurant had plenty of free tables.  The bedroom was compact,  but definitely not absurdly so, and the bed was very comfortable. The bedroom was clean and the bathroom amenities were fine. The hotel represents extremely good value for money for those who are prepared to…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Christmas holiday at the Hilton Bankside,"My husband and I had a great stay at the Hilton London’s Bankside. Granted it is a bit far from most of the action, but it’s a gorgeous hotel. Our room was perfect, bathroom beautiful, and the hotel lobby was decorated brilliantly for the holiday. We loved every minute of our stay! Thanks so much for a lovely time!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bottomless Brunch - OMG,"The food was amazing, the Prossecco really was bottomless and the staff excellent.  Yummy.  Great value for money at £45 per head for 2 hours.   Restaurant very comfortable and the hotel reception looked so festive.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel,It is my favourite hotel in the south of London. Always full :) very comforrable beds. I sleep like a baby. Very profesional staff. Service at the executive lounge is perfect. Thank you all people working there. See you next year ,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb,"Stayed two nights over the weekend room was clean and bed was very comfortable, breakfast very good, bar prices good for London, staff very friendly, would not hesitate to visit again. Location was excellent.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or515-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Finally big enough room in London :),"This Hilton is quite new hotel, located ""on the other side"" of Thames, but : * just 5 minutes walk from nearest tube station * quite and large (for London's standards) rooms * decent breakfast buffet with wide vegetarian/vege/healthy options * nice bar with live DJ (at least at Fridays) So doesn't matter that this is ""on the other side"" :). The are also very nice restaurants in a walking distance from the hotel",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Amazing Rooms, Amazing Staff, Epic Stay","People...it is the people that make all the difference in the world.  You expect the staff in the lobby and during the check-in process to be friendly and welcoming, and they absolutely were.  Where I found the difference in the hotel property was the Housekeeping Staff.  Every single encounter was so very pleasant, beyond any hotel I have stayed in the world.  The room was above-average size for London and they were totally spotless every single day.  There was not one hint of unclean anywhere in the room or the bathroom.    This was my annual business trip and this hotel has my business for now forward.  After a very long day in the offices, coming back to a sparkling clean room is so refreshing.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Luxurious, unpretentious and very friendly hotel ","Absolutely love this hotel. The staff are very friendly and welcoming, nothing is too much trouble. The furnishings feel very new and modern. Bathrooms have incredible showers. The breakfast is great. Location fantastic. Valet parking service is brilliant - very rare to find for a central london hotel below £400 per night. We will definitely be staying again. ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a really good location - highly recommended,"This Hilton is excellent. I spent three days here as part of a business trip and enjoyed it immensely. The hotel is South of the river but well situated for a quick walk over the bridges to business and other sites there. Access is great using the Jubilee Line Southwark tube station. The location is also good for local bars and restaurants and a short walk from the Tate Modern and St.Pauls. Rooms in the hotel are fresh with very nice bathrooms, great beds and excellent pillows and linen. Wifi access was provided and throughput was good enough for work purposes. Breakfast is served in the ground floor restaurant area ""Oxbo"" and is a comprehensive and great quality buffet or options for ordering from the menu. The range of food is impressive - 5 juices, a coffee station, full…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Hilton London Bankside - Great Hotel, couldn't be better!","We (family with 2 adults and two little children) now visit the hotel for the 3rd time within a year because we are very satisfied. For us as a family it is just perfect. It is very close to some great sights in London, such as Tower Bridge or The Shard London and also important train connections (tube) are within walking distance. The hotel itself is really new and great. For us it was also decisive that there is an indoor pole. This is especially great for the children who can relax in the pool after a strenuous day out.   Also, surely he breakfast buffet is a highlight in the London hotel scene. And it was very pleasant to find such well-kept and clean rooms.  We just wanted to thank Mrs. SABINA LA BRUNA once again. She really enabled us again a wonderful stay in the hotel.…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or520-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend break ,"Booked a suite and this hotel as it had a pool. Great welcome, pleasant spacious and clean room. Pool was was nice. The club lounge was comfortable with a good breakfast with adequate selection and the snacks and drinks in the evening were very good. Children were allowed in there and welcomed with colouring pens and books. We tried the restaurant, and no complaints on the food. Good service and friendly from the lady that helped us. The tube station is 12 to 15 minutes walk away so we tendered to get taxis into the tourist areas and theatre. The area whilst not in the main part of the tourist routes is an ideal balance for a short break and would recommend this hotel ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great London Hilton property,"Stayed here recently for the first time and it won't be the last.  Having stayed at plenty of London based Hilton properties, I must say this is now one of my favourites.  The executive lounge is cosy and large, rooms nice and comfortable and I really enjoyed a swim in their pool. I will be coming back !",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in every respect - good location,"Just what you expect from Hilton.  Had a great nights sleep thanks to the quality of the room/hotel (its quiet) and the beds, bedlinen and pillows.  Reception was swift and friendly.  Never used the restaurants or bars, but they looked nice and not overly busy (busy enough to have a vibe, not too busy to be annoying).",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fun Night,"Visited the Hilton for an awards ceremony, very well organised and helpful staff. 3 course meal served for over 300 people, food was first class. Disco followed and drinks flowed but drink prices were sky high!  Enjoyable evening had by all.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Normally ok but poor currently over Xmas party season,"The rooms are generally nice but some are poor for the money. Tonight I am in a room booked in advance for £300 plus with a window facing a wall! As a Hilton Diamond member I called down to reception, was told they are full but would check with the duty supervisor if anything could be done - I did not even get a call back! Very poor service from James Clarke’s team. The hotel bar has been booked out for private functions on both days that I have stayed this week. It is a nice bar when available to guests.",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or525-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top Class Hotel - great Location,"Stayed for three nights last week. From the moment we arrived, each member of staff was most attentive and helpful. They couldn't do enough for their guests. The room was most comfortable with plenty of space and tea-making facilities with a safe and minibar provided. The restaurant and bar were also excellent. For a five-star hotel I was surprised that the drinks were so reasonably priced. The leisure centre was lovely. I used it each morning and evening The hotel is situated near Blackfriars Bridge. There are three Tube stations within walking distance. We shall certainly stay at the Hilton Bankside again.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location,"Great location and such comfortable and huge beds. Good shower as well ruth nice toiletries. The breakfast was decent but not outstanding hence 4 stars. They had run out of brown bread and butter and were extremely slow to replace, plus we had to ask for coffee after being told someone would be straight over. Food was pleasant though. ",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel but not a real Hilton,"Beautiful hotel new and fancy. Location is amazing just behind the TATE Walking distance to most London attractions !! I don’t recall staying in such a good location for a reasonable price for a 5 stars hotel. But, to be honest, it’s not what you expect from a Hilton - with a small Lobby and a nice room but window is facing a wall ... Also breakfast is priced too expensive  Service from the staff was great ",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel in a Quiet Position,"Great Suffolk Street is in the quiet area of Bankside and the hotel sits well in a residential area. All sparkling new with plenty of helpful staff. Wonderful floral displays in the foyer helped to make us feel welcome. After a drink in the bar we went upstairs to change for a function later on in Piccadilly. While resting a waiter brought a small but beautifully decorated birthday cake for Mrs Mac and a card from the staff - a small but much appreciated gesture. The room was comfortable and the bed supremely so, most important after travelling. This is a great hotel in a wonderful area and well worth a visit. It is well positioned for visits both north and south of the river.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Welcoming, Comfortable and Excellent Service","It was my first time at this Hilton property.  I was very pleased with the warm reception, excellent room and nice service from their staff throughout their hotel.  The Executive Lounge is top notch and I received wonderful service from Mr. Muller.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or530-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wow ,"This Hilton is one of the nicest we’ve stayed at and we travel a lot and we only stay at Hilton and Marriott. We are just a couple stays away from diamond status actually. The property is gorgeous, the rooms are spacious, the staff is wonderful and the restaurant and bar are great too. Breakfast was included. They have a great buffet. Also the bellman Andrei couldn’t do enough for us !!! We will definitely be back here next year without a doubt !!! ",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice stay ,I stayed here for a few nights on a trip for work.  The check in process was quite easy as there was no line and the people were very nice.   The hotel is fairly modern and was in a decent location for walking.  The pillows were very soft which I like.  It was very clean. ,Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"2nd stay this year, still my favorite London hotel","I wrote a review after my first stay earlier this year but wanted to write another so I could post pics of the standard room. Last time I stayed in an Executive room so can now compare to a standard king. Executive is much larger, but the quality is the same. I am a Hilton Diamond member so get lounge access and think this is the best Hilton lounge I have seen. I love the hotel location as I am a huge fan of the South Bank area.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel and experience,"Literally a flawless experience especially for the money. Rooms are fantastic, aircon, lovely bathroom, nice bedroom with every facility. The breakfast is excellent i recommend in bedroom, the Bar is nice  with decent cocktails and room service is nice although quite expensive. We stayed for our anniversary and were treated extra specially! All in all great cant fault it for the money.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, amazing staff ","We had a work event here. It’s brand new and only opens officially on December 1, and yet they were slick and well managed. Nice layout and decor. Great for business and leisure meetings. Definitely recommend it. ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or535-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,This is a great hotel by the Shard and Tate Modern.,"Conveniently located great hotel.  The hotel is by Tate Modern, and is a perfect location if you desire to be by the Shard.  The staff is excellent, and the rooms are nicely decorated.  The executive lounge was very nice.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb Hotel,"I had booked two King Size Deluxe rooms. We had a very warm welcome as soon as we arrived through the doors by Jefferson who promptly took our luggage and then guided us to Radmila on Reception. Radmila was very professional and informed us we would have a text when the rooms were ready. So we went for a drink in the bar. As we were having a drink Radmila came over to us and one room was ready excellent. Then, I was unpacking the other room became available this information was given by text . Also Jefferson informed me he had already placed the cases in the room great communication. I had 2 rooms as my bestest (bad grammer) friend was visiting his partner in London. We didn't use the pool or gym no time. The hotel, is in my impression well run and the staff fully motivated and…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay & helpful staff,"So glad we upgraded the room because it was very spacious & nice. Loved having the Executive Lounge!!  The breakfast food was the same everyday, but the evening did vary. Nice to have drinks and a lounge area available to relax & unwind in. All the staff was friendly & very helpful. The concierge scheduled some touring events for us and also our ride to the airport...was nice to not have to worry about these details.  ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Thank you Jefferson and Gregory,"We had a wonderful stay at the Hilton Bankside.  The breakfast and lounge are the best ive experience in London.  The service goes above and beyond, for example while waiting for my taxi, Jefferson was kind enough to get me  a coffee while I waited.  Gregory in the lounge was also very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful experience ,"I will admit, before flying to London I was a little concerned about the location, as I thought it wouldn’t be lively enough. The short walk to Borough market alone made it worth while, but the hotel itself exceeded any of my expectations.  Service was great, as Hilton diamond members  we received a suite upgrade, which made our stay with view of the Shard even more enjoyable.  The restaurant is the epitome of perfectly balanced design between comfortable, rustic elements and industrial accents. The breakfast selection was wonderful, as anything one’s heart desired was to be found (except for baked beans, which one would expect to go along proper British breakfasts, as well as not being explicitly informed about the option to have additional foods prepared).  The executive…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or540-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Delightful Hotel,"Stayed here for business. Location very business friendly orientated. Have to say they are probably my favorite in London. Service is good, rooms are modern spacious and concierge on the ball. Nice coffee shop around the corner as well, forgot the name, but very cute.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My favourite hotel in London,I've stayed here countless times this year and it's my first choice when I'm staying in London.  The staff are always very helpful and really value your custom. The rooms are exceptional and the breakfast is great.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London Trip,"Great Location near to Buroughs Market, Shard and Tube.Good rooms with great service. Walk able distance to most London city attractions. Enjoyed my 3 day visit. Will stay again when i am back in London",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Thanks you Elvira,"I would love to thanks to Elvira Loeri for our dinner was anwsome she’s shiny, smiling and very friendly. All the food was very nice and tasty and her service was really nice and perfect!!!!  Thank you very much :) !!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Business trip so didn’t spend much time in the hotel but rooms new and a great location for the event I was at. Early check in, decent sized room, friendly staff. No stocked mini bar only downside but this is a new trend ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or545-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Multiple stays,"This is now my go to hotel for all work stays in London. It is perfectly located along the Thames, and easily accessible to the tube or water taxi to get around town. I used the water taxi to get to the Excel for a tradeshow and it was about 40 minute journey. The staff is great and so are the amenities. Will be back!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton ever!,"I always stay in Hilton properties and is probably the nicest experience I can remember. The property is conveniently located to walk to attractions - 3 minute walk to the Tate modern, 5 minutes to the Globe and the river. Lots of cafes and shopping. Room was beautiful executive lounge is fantastic! Can’t go wrong  here",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Dinner ,I must say I have stayed  here a couple of times and never been disappointed. The food is fabulous and nothing is too much trouble for the staff. The rooms are top end very comfortable indeed. Would not hesitate to book here again a very enjoyable stay in London.,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the nicest Hilton’s worldwide,"Stayed here with my wife on a short holiday. I stay in approx 40 Hilton’s a year, this year 65 nights at Hilton properties YTD. This hotel is one of the nicest I’ve been to in the Hilton family. From the location near South Bank, to the chic lobby, restaurant, and bar to the quality and cleanliness of the property, to the service, to the complimentary mini bar, to the room appointments.... A+ experience. This is the nicest Hilton - bar none - in London, and I’ve stayed at 15 of them in the greater metro area.   Spectacular job, Hilton, on what I consider one of your diamond properties. For those of you considering a hotel in London, no doubt you will be surprised and pleased with this Hilton. ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Centrally Located,"Quality hotel centrally located within London with easy walk to Thames Bridges, City of London, Westminster, Jubillee Line, Waterloo and London Bridge Stations.  Good restaurant and plenty of pubs, restaurants and groceries within steps.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or550-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Build it awards - Jumana was amazing!,I came for a lovely dinner for the build it awards. Jumana stood out by being very professional and going out of her way to provide a customer service. She took excellent care of us throughout the even. Excelent!,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Never disappointed ,"Another fantastic stay at the Hilton bankside. What an amazing location , so near the river, the Tate, wonderful Borough market and restaurants a plenty, you never have to use the underground. The welcome is always lovely, the flowers in the foyer always in season and the Honors front desk are always happy to see me. I have stayed here at least 6 times now and to be honest it wipes the floor with the Hilton tower bridge. If you are lucky enough to have executive lounge access then make sure to use it. The staff are fantastic and the food especially the breakfasts are first class. ",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One night for a conference,"First time in the Bankside area and stayed in this hotel for one night to attend a conference. It’s a great area with lots of restaurants and shops on the doorstep. You are 5 mins walk from the TateModern and the river.   My room was on the first floor. The room was spacious but very dark with a tiny dingy window with no view. Lovely comfortable king size bed and large shower in bathroom. I didn’t eat in the restaurant but ate at the conference. Food very good.   Efficient staff at reception. Modern spacious reception area. The whole hotel feels very new, modern and clean. I didn’t use the gym and pool so can’t comment on this.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Visiting london,"Great room, service and excellent breakfast. The hotel is in a great location and easily commutable around London. The spa facilities were very nice and the hotel catered well for the younger members of the family.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"We only stayed at the Hilton Bankside for two nights, but we enjoyed our stay there. It’s in a central location and the employees are all great! The concierge is very helpful and they will be able to setup any site-seeing tours for you. We will stay there again next time we’re in London.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or555-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great Hilton, great service","We stayed on a Friday night as we were having dinner at The Oxo Tower which was within walking distance.   Check in was smooth and we were offered a glass of bubbles at reception, which was a lovely way to start off the evening. We had a standard room which was comfortable, no view but that didn't matter to us, great shower which was far more important for a one night visit.   The hotel bar is open to the pubic and has a real buzz about it, we joined along with the after work brigade so it was lively, especially as it was a Friday evening. Table service which I loved and complimentary popcorn. Once it got to about 7pm the bar had quietened down and it was a nice relaxed place to be.   We didn't have breakfast at the hotel as there is so much choice around. We checked out and…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in the UK,"I have stayed here a couple of times, and this is by far and away the best Hilton in the UK.   Staff are all fantastic, from check-in, to the lounge and to housekeeping. David - the manager of guest relations - and Alex at The Distillery are both some amongst the best employees I have seen across all my travels around the world, and not just at Hilton properties, with both ensuring all guests have the best experience possible. In truth, all the staff are incredibly friendly and professional, and my only regret is not having the opportunity to know more of them.  Rooms are modern and suit the surrounding area, and much more spacious than the Waldorf or Park Lane hotels.  The lounge is also one of the best-designed that I have seen, with great furnishings and food offerings…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Don’t Miss Bankside,"This is a great part of London and this hotel works well for visitors. The walk from the Waterloo station seemed far after a long flight while dragging bags, but it is really only a 10-15 minute walk. This area is close to the Tate Modern, Globe Theatre, and the phenomenal Borough Market. A Hilton with all the usual amenities plus a refrigerator with complimentary drinks and snacks.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","We stayed as a family. Its a modern hotel with really good facilities. The location is what makes it a hit. Well done up good choices of restaurants and food. The rooms were spacious and very comfortable. Service was great. Overall, a very comfortable stay.",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel in good location ,"First time to this Hilton and was impressed with all the facilities at this newish hotel. We were upgraded to an Executive suite which is a great room with super bathroom, very comfortable bed and spacious separate lounge. The restaurant was very good for both dinner and breakfast. We used the indoor swimming pool which was in beautiful condition. There is an Executive lounge which serves afternoon tea and canapés from 5pm. Throughout our stay the staff were very friendly and helpful. We felt very welcome.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or560-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"I have stayed here a few times when working away from home for a few days. I have to say this is my favourite hotel. The staff are very friendly and go out of their way to help, and the rooms are beautiful. There is a nice bar and nice restaurant, serving a great menu, and the buffet breakfast is fabulous with the chef preparing eggs to order. Unfortunately the hotel is slightly out of my price range, but if you can afford it and want to be in comfort with wonderful service this is the place! Will definitely stay again if I get the chance. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bankside Hitlon a big hit,"My son and I recently stayed at the Bankside Hilton for a 4 day father-son outing and the experience was exceptional.  The staff are first class as well as the facility itself.  The location is perfect for important nearby London sites as well as being convenient to public transport.  It is a bit pricey but you get your money's worth in my opinion.  I was very impressed with the staff, their attitudes towards guests, professionalism, and general helpfulness",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A catalogue of cock ups - a second rate rip-off.,"For a flagship branch of this respected international franchise there was a lot to be disappointed with.  Valet parking was offered on the website with no qualification, none was available.   The breakfast buffet in the premium ""Executive Lounge"" ran out of hot food, (well there was one half cooked piece of bacon left in a chafing dish marked Cumberland Sausages but that was it). The waiting staff tried to be helpful but did not speak English at all, not even the basics, and there was a five minute delay while  someone capable of communicating was found.   The bar was excellent in terms of offerings and service/ However, despite the hotel's much puffed environmental responsibility the straws and stirrers in the bar were one use plastic which will pollute the oceans for 500…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good value in a good location for a modern London hotel,"Delivered very much what it promised.  Modern and comfortable room at a fair price for London.  Very close to the Tate and the Millenium Bridge which got to enjoy in the autumn sunshine many times.  And some enjoyable gastro pubs, bars and restaurants in the area.  Our room only had an internal view across a void to other rooms, but this was as expected and not a big issue given limited time in the room. Only issue was on a weekend night sounded like a nearby music venue a little loud - but ear plugs or tiredness dealt with that in relatively short order.  Would happily stay in this location and hotel again.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,lovely hotel but soundproofing not great,"Generally speaking, this is a nice hotel - modern comfortable rooms, with a great executive lounge that has long operating hours, lots of plugs bedside, and a pool you can actually swim some laps in. However, a couple of items kept it from being perfect.  First of all, my room was quite dark - only 1 narrow window, when there could have been a wide bank of windows on that wall, taking advantage of the great view and natural light.  Secondly, the rooms are not well soundproofed - every single night and morning, I was awakened by slamming doors in the hallway, and people chattering in the hall.  Since this appears to be a newly built/remodeled hotel, it is a shame that soundproofing was not better addressed.  At some hotels I can crank up the fan on the HVAC to drown out…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or565-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best bartender ,Chima is the best bartender  Incredible bar service  He was very helpful in tonight event as well as making my team very happy my boss came back to him throughout the night for he’s service. I will be sure to recommend him and he’s team for any future events.  Team C&E  Team Bankside Team Hilton ,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"What a find!! Fantastic location, amazingly comfortable and ultra chic!","What a find!! Fantastic location, amazingly comfortable and ultra chic! Only 25 minutes Gatwick to London-Blackfriars for about £22 return and then 5minute walk to hotel. Hotel just a 2minute walk to Tate Gallery & lots of places along the Thames and just a 5 minute walk to tube for all the usual links (and very near Canary Wharf for a business trip!).  Great bedrooms, fabulously comfortable beds and then wake up to the amazing power shower and a delicious breakfast.  The exec lounge is best I’ve been in. Basically from first stepping into lobby area (which smells divine) received a great welcome and excellent service - everyone was very pleasant. Will definitely be back to stay again - business & pleasure...",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,First Rate London Hotel,"I Stayed here for a business event. The hotel is clean with contemporary decor, in addition a totally imacualte room. I have to say probably the nicest hotel I have stayed in London.   If your staying in the location is also great,  just a short walk from Waterloo mainline station. You wouldnt ne dissapointed booking this hotel either for leisure or staying over for work purposes.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Cultural break,We stayed in Bankside for the first time. We have stayed in many Hilton's and found this to be one of the best we have been in. The room are spacious and comfortable. Dinner in the restaurant was beautiful and breakfast was perfect. The staff throughout were extremely attentive to Al the guests. The restaurant manager was lovely. A perfect stay and will be going back next time we are in London.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in a great location,"I recently had the pleasure of staying in this hotel for a weekend with my sister and a couple of friends. The location is central but without the usual noise and traffic. A short walk to the tube at Southwark meant we were just minutes from Oxford St or Covent Garden.   The hotel is beautifully laid out and the decor is modern and inviting. The executive lounge provided a delicious breakfast with an impressive array of food to choose from. It's a lovely haven to come back to after a day in the city.   My bedroom was bright and spacious, air conditioned and quiet. I can honestly say it was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in! The bathroom was well stocked and the shower was modern and powerful.    The staff were friendly and helpful with directions and suggestions of…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or570-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant!,"My husband and I stayed here as part of our Golden Wedding year. Our son and daughter in law organised everything.  An unbelievably fabulous present which included a Cliff concert at the Albert Hall.  From the moment we arrived we were made to feel welcome and were presented with a welcome glass of Prosecco when checking in.  Our room was perfect, huge very comfortable bed, plenty wardrobe space and the bathroom was lovely. Everything spotless.  Within 10 mins arriving in our room we were presented with a beautiful chocolate cake decorated to celebrate our special anniversary.  The executive lounge was well decorated and the choice of food was excellent.  The breakfast was delicious and plentiful. We must emphasise that everyone we met, from the lovely doorman complete with top…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,An excellent concierge!,I would like to highlight the concierge John Kortenray's readiness to help with the problem I had with the plug adapter of my computer. It wasn't an easy mission for him to find what I needed but he did it! He didn't rest until he solved my problem. Excellent customer service!,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Tip-top,"What a hotel! Awesome stay with very conscientious staff, especially Dylan Hieu who served at our table at breakfast time.  The room was very clean and comfortable.   We went for a swim, and while the pool was simple it was very clean and with plenty of room. ",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Stay!,"Beautiful hotel, great location, amazing breakfast (the staff in the Breakfast restaurant were awesome) and all of the hotel staff were friendly and so helpful! I would definitely stay here again when visiting London!",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel - something special,"Having stayed at many Hilton hotels this has to be my all time favourite, it is something else, and a bit more special in terms of location, decor and service.  Staying from Friday to a Sunday with friends over from Ireland from first entering the hotel we were pleasantly surprised. The decor is outstanding, industrial modern and a touch retro chic. The staff were so friendly and helpful and went that extra mile to ensure our stay was special. The concierges x 2 were ultra helpful and informative. Gorgeous hotel in a wonderful location, tate modern just across the road, bankside walk along the river and close to Borough Market bustling with all types of food and drink. So close to Southwark tube so travelling into London was a breeze.  The foyer of the hotel is beautifully…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or575-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect!,"My wife and I stayed at the hotel for four nights. From the moment we arrived and until we left everything was just perfect. The room was always clean and tidy, the staff always pleasant and the service was of the highest standard. The business lounge is really worth it and we loved the room very much, there even was music in the shower connected to smart TV. The hotel's location is excellent, walking distance to the nearest metro station.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Yet again another fantastic stay,"I said in my last review that this is now my favourite hotel in London and after last weekend's visit I still stand by that. The hotel is not perfect, the fridge on the room is not effective, looking across to other rooms and keeping curtains/screens closed does make the room feel gloomy. However, the friendly staff and great Executive Lounge more than makes up for those niggles. I am always welcomed as a loyal Hilton Honors member and reception staff could not do enough. I'm back in London in January and of course will be booking Bankside again.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Pleasant trip!," am not a frequent customer here on TripAdvisor, never believed too much in the true and genuine power of this tool. But, I recently visited Hilton Bankside in London and had the most pleasant encounter: I nearly always travel alone either for business or leisure and this girl at reception  was so understanding and going beyond my needs. Her name is Rachel and was there every time I had one question and ready to go the extra mile for this lone traveller providing her with suggestions, transportation plans and so on and so forth. Thank you, Rachel! I felt very welcome in London :) ",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Thoroughly positive experience,"Great location near Tate Modern, Old Vic and New Vic theatres, Borough Market , Globe theatre and the river.       Good size room, good bed and bathroom. Oxbo restaurant and the Distillery bar were good experiences. Professional and attentive staff. Surpassed our expectations.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not as good as it looks,"Based on the online reviews, I was really looking forward to checking in at the Hilton London Bankside. However, even though this is quite a nice hotel on the surface, there were a number of issues that in sum made the stay a disappointment.  First of all, recognition of Honors Gold status is particularly poor at this property. There was no ""thank you for your loyalty"" at check-in. A minor thing, yes, but something you really notice as a guest when this is the norm everywhere esle. When I asked about access to the executive lounge in lieu of an actual room upgrade, something I have been offered at many other hotels from the Hilton group all over the world, it was made clear that Golds typically do not receive any upgrades here at all. I know that I am not entitled to an upgrade,…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or580-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,I cannot say enough good things about this hotel,"This is a fantastic hotel in Southwark.  We checked in and Angelo made us feel completely at home.  From time to time, we would receive texts from him inquiring on our stay, which was like having your own personal assistant, which we loved.  Not long after we arrived, the hotel chef sent a piece of delicious honey cake to our room.  That was a nice surprise.  All of the housekeeping staff, the folks who worked at Front Desk, and the restaurant/lounge were outstanding.  The hotel is gorgeous and has this fox motif, throughout.   The rooms have modern conveniences like charging stations in the wall next to the bed that fit USB.  The bathroom is well appointed and nice.  The breakfast we had in the restaurant each day was very good.  Debra greeted us by name, most mornings. The…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic service and good hotel,"Stayed here for 3 nights with my wife.  We were so lucky to get a free upgrade to a deluxe room on the 7th floor.  We were also offered free late check out, really good service from all the staff at the hotel. The hotel is new, clean and with big rooms. Nice breakfast. We liked the location.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay in London,We spend five nights in the hotel. The room was at 2p.m. not ready. So we have to wait. When you get Lounge acces you can’t go into the restaurant for breakfast. Very good rooms. Very clean. Spa is very small. Silent rooms. Nearby the tube and millennium bridge.,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top notch Hilton,"Very smart and modern Hilton. Exec Lounge and Breakfast as good as it gets.  Rooms are smart, clean, and contemporary.  Location great for Southbank or Borough market.  Only downside is that hotel is not that close to a tube station.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Looking Forward to Staying There Again,"The hotel is of my favorite ones in London due to its location, delicious breakfasts, high quality services as well as facilities. This hotel has an especial environment and nice personnel would always keep your stay comfortable.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or585-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the Best Hotel Experiences,"We stayed here for five days a week ago.  I am a Diamond Member so I had access to the Executive Lounge during my stay.  Everything was perfect from our room, to the dining options, to the Concierge, to the Executive Lounge.  The customer service at this hotel is top notch, and is now my favorite Hilton hotel.  Five stars",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Posh, Unique, and Excellent Location","My husband and I stayed here for just a night while awaiting our cruise to depart. We arrived at 8am having just completed a transatlantic flight, and while we certainly didn't expect our room to be ready before check-in time, we were impressed by the genuine remorse the front desk seemed to express for our predicament (jet lag lol). We had a fabulous on-site breakfast, and by the time we finished and prepared to spend a bit of time at the pool, they had already found us a room! We were so pleasantly surprised. The lobby is decorated so it's modern and warm. We especially loved our room. The location couldn't have been better. Absolute 5 stars from me.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,City Break,"The hotel was nice and all the usual facilities you would expect from a Hilton, we had an executive room as so had access to the lounge which provided all the usual's. The hotel was very relaxing and it was a peaceful trip, the bar is also a nice setting, and the location is great for exploring the south bank and Tate. ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,American Football in London,"Loved the stay at Hilton (Bankside), Staff great, Room very clean and silent, window couldn’t be opened, no deal because air condition could be turned off as well, only one small downside: breakfast room was too crowded, maybe it was rush hour 😉",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent End for a perfect Vacation ,"Found ourselves winding down an unforgettable journey in Europe and choosing this gem for our last night. Arrived in London on an early flight. Check in was a breeze, and some of the best Bloody Mary’s I’ve encountered along with great hospitality behind the bar made the short wait for our room to be prepared seem like no time. Circled back to the bar for a night cap following a iconic performance at Shakespeare’s Globe. Awesome hotel! ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or590-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hello Hilton,"From the magnificent fragrance that greets you as you enter the foyer to the very friendly but professional staff, the Hilton Bankside is well worth a visit. The rooms are well appointed with great amenities and serviced well.  The breakfasts are a treat and the staff on duty are full of energy and cannot do enough to assist or make your experience memorable. When we are next in London we will definitely stay at the Hilton Bankside.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Luxury weekend without the kids!,"We were very fortunate recently to have my parents agree to keep our young boys for the weekend to allow us a trip to London. We were very impressed with this hotel. When we arrived we were informed there were none of the Executive Rooms we had booked available and that we had been upgraded to a Suite for the weekend. The suite was very comfortable with a lounge including sofa bed, complimentary soft drink mini bar, Nespresso machine as well as king bed and bathroom with separate shower and additional toilet. Bed was very comfortable but pillows very quickly went flat after plumping. The room afforded us access to Executive Lounge which offered breakfast, afternoon tea, evening alcoholic drinks and canapés as well as all day soft drinks and coffee. Very nice room next to main…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing team and exactly what you expect from a 5 star luxury property,"The team here made my stay a memorable one, so friendly, helpful and they genuinely cared about making my stay perfect. Great recommendations on places to visit and nothing was too much hassle. Very central and a great base to explore London, i highly recommend staying here.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Clean, Quiet and Easy","Excellent stay: The hotel is very clean with sleek, modern décor. Reception and house keeping staff were quick and attentive. Best of all the room was soundproof and had blackout curtains. There are several coffee bars, grocery stores and dinning places within a 2 minute walk.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Mrs,"On Sunday 7 October we had a 70th birthday celebration at Hilton Bankside at the OXBO restaurant. The food, service and atmosphere were all amazing. Our thanks to Kamal and Juan Vasquez who gave us the very best service and made sure my husband had a very memorable birthday. We will certainly be returning in the near future and will recommend this restaurant to our friends and family. ",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or595-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Cool Style, Great Food, Quiet Room","We’ve been to quite a few hotels in London before so we expected the usual ‘huge-city-hotel-ammenities’. But the Hilton Bankside is really a gem in the hotel jungle of London. It’s stylish and new, the rooms are big - even the bathroom! - and quiet, and the food at the Oxbo Restaurant is very good (so if you’re just too tired after a day of sightseeing, staying at the hotel for dinner is a good option). There’s even a Spa and a Pool, and services overall are very very nice.  Loved it. ",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay at this hip Hilton,"I stayed for the 1st time at the Hilton Bankside, and I have to say that I was delighted. The whole building was brand new, well designed and adequately furnished.  The room was a bit of a surprise for me. On the pictures on the internet,  it looked a bit dark. But in reality, it was beautiful. The colour schemes, the entrance floor varies from the main floor of the room itself. The room was spacious and very comfortable.   The staff was welcoming and professional and very kind.   Breakfast comes as a buffet, yet you could choose à la carte. Up to your choice.  The Bar is a place to hang with friends in the evening or even to work during the day.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceptional,"I went here for a big event last Friday and I must say this was one of the most amazing dinners I have had. To cater for 300 people is no easy task but the food was incredible. From the salmon starter, to the main of lamb & then the lovely cheesecake pudding. It was so light, yet filling & fantastically presented. Will recommend for future events.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,WOW! One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in!,"Someone really thought about all of the details which makes travel a comfortable experience. The rooms decor is very calming and it was very quiet. Little things like curtains which extend over the other to effectively block out the the light, a low non glare night light in the bathroom, carpet which feels nice underfoot. The location is great and easy to get around.The staff were all so very helpful. The conciere even walked us out to the front of the hotel to point out directions and made it possible for us to get a private taxi to see the sights during a rain storm. And the restaurant, what a beautiful display of assorted items, great service and plenty of seating in a really nice atmosphere. I can't say enough about this hotel and I have stayed in a lot of them.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Living like the Royals,"After an exceptional stay last year, our family returned to be welcomed back royally.  From our welcome text to our last goodby, everyone went out of their way to offer fantastic service and warm cheer.  People make a difference, and when you stay here you feel at home. Great property, great location in a unique part of London that allows you to stroll the Thames and enjoy easy access to the historic and cultural environs.  But stay for the hotel's comfort, the exceptional food, amenities, and service, and most importantly, the people who are genuinely glad that you are there.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or600-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Ideal Location, Great Service","This was my second time staying at Hilton London Bankside and it was a fantastic stay just as I did the first time. This property is ideally located to public transportation to get to all the fun stops around the city vey quickly. Front desk and concierge service was exceptional and staff was very friendly the whole time. The room was well kept and while this is minor, it may be time to get newer towels. The last time I stay here dinner was great at the restaurant but this time I was a little disappointed with my steak and corn soup. Nevertheless, breakfast was great and the bar service was exceptional so get dinner right and next time I will definitely give 5 stars.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best,I spent just 1 night here but it’s honestly one of the best hotels I’ve stayed. The rooms are spacious and luxury. The staff txt me to ask if my room was satisfactory! I didn’t get to use the pool but the breakfast was really nice buffet style I’d definitely go again,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Quality, quiet, comfort.","This is the second time I have stayed here in the past two years.  I like staying here because it is off the beaten path a bit yet still close to London bridge, the market, and tower bridge.  The rooms are nice and comfortable.  Very friendly staff.  Only complaint this trip is, as a diamond member they put me in a small room on second floor with a view of a parking structure. Last time I was given a much better room.  Diamond status with Hilton not what it used to be.",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,modern interior,"We spent three nites, got a perfect service by the staff. It's literally close to everything. Cheap laundry shop is not from from the hotel. Quiet area and a lot of cheap grocery stores. Plenty of Pubs in the area and other chain hotels.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Mr.,"The Oxbo Restaurant in the Hilton is a great restaurant. I’ve eaten here many times and the fish, chicken, bread, salads, and wine are very well prepared. Excellent food. But the best thing about eating at Oxbo is the staff from around the world. They are very friendly, helpful and provide excellent service. Erica, Lexandru, Giota, Andrea and Elvira get my highest rating. They are really great, each of them. David S.",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or605-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Dr.,"Magic week in a very nice hotel with marvelous location, few minutes walk from main monuments like Big Ben tower, London eye, Mellinium Bridge , Tower Bridge , the Shard...etc. Magnificent lobby, very clean hotel , extraordinary restaurant and friendly personnel. Just try it once you will love it.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,In house Engineer,"It is our second night stay of 6 nights in London and our cooler had broken down. We called the front desk to schedule a repair and we were served within 15 mins. We were greeted by a very nice and friendly hotel staff and you could quickly tell he was the hotel engineer by his appearance; a big tool-bag with many tools and a heavy duty uniform. He assessed the situation with us with a lot of courtesy before quickly getting to work - going the extra mile by telling us what he would do if he were in our shoes. So he suggested that he could take the whole fridge out and have it tested in his lab before bringing it back in an hour, which he completed in about just 30 mins. The whole disassembling and assembling process was painful to watch - it wasnt easy. But he did it with…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Delivered,"Once again Hilton deliverea an ultimate luxury hotel experience with extra care for their guests. Great room service, connections with the city and beautiful, delicate rooms. Love the design and the views",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel in Southwark,"Stayed at this hotel as we had a wedding nearby. Definitely the best Hilton I have stayed at.  The current and modern design sets it apart from other hotels. Large and spacious rooms, huge bed and lovely bathroom.   Brilliant location. Sainsbury’s local and Tesco express next door, as well as a variety of restaurants/cafes across the road.  Didn’t eat at the hotel, but had their coffee from the in-house coffee shop which was really good. Didn’t interact much with staff as we didn’t need to, but from what we did they were very friendly.  Highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Property,"Traveling to London from Ireland.  We had stayed in a bunch of smaller B&B type places in Ireland as we were driving everywhere but I wanted someplace central and posh for London leg of our trip, wanted to spoil my wife and son. As a Diamond Hilton guy, would have received exec lounge privilege no matter what room I booked but we stayed on the exec floor anyway just to have a bigger room.  I unfortunately didn't get an upgrade but the place was very busy and there was only one nicer room. Hotel is pretty close to the Southwark station.  I originally thought someplace closer to the west end or Buckingham would have been nice, but as we walked around those areas, I was glad for the relative peace of Southwark.  Hotel was a minutes walk from the Tate Modern and the Globe, two of…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or610-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The place you want to stay at,"I visited London quite a few a times lately for long-term business stays and tried out different hotels in central London on that occasion. The Hilton Bankside became my favourite one and my ""go-to"" hotel right after my first stay:   The rooms are very modern as the hotel was built just a few years ago (which is a big plus for London). The large and very comfortable bed, the room design as well as a huge raindrop shower are the highlights here. The leisure facilities (gym, pool) are very clean, well equipped and maintained. Bar, restaurant and the executive lounge offer very comfortable seating in a modern and chic design.  Though, the most important reason for me sticking to the Hilton Bankside and coming back over and over again was the amazing staff:   The hotel staff did an…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,New and smartly done,"Stayed here for a quick two night stay in 2017. Loved the location. Hotel itself was recently updated and they did a very nice job with the update. Room itself was modern and had many integrated outlets, but also very comfortable overall. Bedding was excellent and top notch. Smart use of lighting in the room too - bright enough in every way, but in no way making it as though an operating theater. Easy to walk here from across the Thames, and it was easy walks to the Tower Bridge and other sites.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"We stayed here for  nights in September.  The hotel was very clean and all the staff very welcoming and helpful. The concierges were very knowledgeable and very helpful, they gave us excellent options where to eat in close proximity of the hotel. Thank you guys!!!  Our room was spacious and let’s not forget the most comfortable bed. The shower was amazing in the large wet room.   The Hotel is a great base for exploring the Southbank, Borough market, London bridge and the Shard. The only a short walk  from Southwark underground, we walked back from Covent Garden which only took about 20mins. This hotel is literally a 20 minute walk from most anywhere you'd want to go.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A base for exploring,"We stayed here for 3 nights in September. We had an excellent stay. The hotel was clean and the staff very welcoming. Our room was spacious, the bed was really comfortable and the shower was amazing. We found the room a great place to relax in after a days sight seeing. The Hotel is a great base for exploring the south bank and its only a short Uber ride away from Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square etc.   We really enjoyed our stay and will come back next time we are in London.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best stay in London,"So often I have been disappointed with elements of my stay in London. Not this time! Best stay I have had in London. Excellant customer service, staff were all brilliant. Stayed in room with executive lounge access. Apart from the Hilton at Wembley, this is the best lounge I have experienced. Bedrooms were peaceful, luxurious and modern. We can't wait for our next visit, thank you.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or615-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great breakfast, rooms a bit small","Good stay only really let down by rooms on the small side and room cleaning. Glasses not cleaned, towels left on the floor. No turn down on  our third night. However, staff in general were very good. Breakfast was excellent and the restaurant staff were great. Just sort out the cleaning staff!",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great place to stay!,"I love my stay at this wonderfully property! Being a hotelier myself, I was very impressed by the professionalism of the front desk lady Erlanda! I had a room move and was in a hurry and slightly bad humoured, but she handled my request with care and professionalism, thank you very much! I’ll be back!",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Impressive service during breakfast,"I was impressed by the hotel staff, Ms Alessia, for her excellent and genuine service for taking care of hotel guests during breakfast time. I stayed there for 4 days and found that her service was consistently excellent.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Place to Stay,"We spent five nights at the Hilton Bankside and really enjoyed our stay.  It was the first time we have stayed on the Bankside and we really enjoyed the great neighborhood, wide variety of restaurants and easy access to the Jubilee Walkway and attractions. The staff at the Hilton were super friendly and always ready with suggestions and guidance on travel options and restaurants.  They really made us feel welcome every day.  The rooms were modern, with lots of connections for USB and even an outlet for American plugs; large;  and very clean.  Their breakfast buffet was one of best we have ever seen.  By the second day, the cook remembered how we wanted our eggs/omelets.  All of the staff were helpful and ready with coffee drinks, juices, etc.  A special thank-you to Andrea for…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay as always,"We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Hilton Bankside as always and appreciate the hospitality shown by all the staff. Special thanks to Mr Kamal, the Assistant Manager who always welcomed us for breakfast with the happiest smile and offering the best service. Looking forward to more stays here. ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or620-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, nice breakfast, nice everything","I had a wonderful time in this hotel, there is complimentary wifi, breakfast is big and good. The rooms are quiet and nice as well as the bathroom. Fitness is big enough and there is a swimming pool. Everything OK.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hilton stay~,"I've been to many Hilton brand properties for both business and leisure but this one has become my favorite Hilton property. It could be because it is still ""new"" or the fact that it is very closely located to Tate Modern or that you can walk to the charming Borough market or the bridge, but the experience was a 5 star that I haven't seen from Hilton brand lately. The property itself it not big (like most hotels in London) but very well appointed. The lobby and the adjacent restaurant/bar is tastefully decorated, the front desk staffs were superbly nice and helpful (and flexible to meet your needs). The deluxe room that I got was of decent size with modern/minimalism decor with wood accents throughout the floor and celling. The bathroom is well laid out with a walk-in shower…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb hotel. Very comfortable and very nice,This hotel is marvelous and the staff is very helpful. The rooms are gorgeous. Restaurant is very good. It is a short walk from southwark tube. I do recommend the hotel big time. Bed are super comfortable. Rooms a very clean and recently renovated.  We got upgraded to a room with a view on the shard. ,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable and welcoming hotel,"Hilton Bankside has become my hotel of choice when visiting a London. It is a comfortable and well appointed hotel, staffed by people who do their upmost to help you. From the moment the concierge opens your taxi door, the staffers do their best to ensure that you are kept happy.  Our Executive room was generously proportioned with a large bathroom, which had a bath and separate walk-in shower. The bed was very comfortable and the evening turn down service was very welcome.  One of the best features of this location is the OXBO Restaurant. The breakfasts there are both generous and tasty, with a wide selection of foods for every taste. In the evening dinner there is of a very high standard. There is a large and varied menu, all of which is delicious and can be accompanied by…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Breakfast Staff was awesome!,"Four Stars, mostly thanks to the breakfast staff. Everyone was wonderful, absolutely warm, friendly, excellent service and then some. Very helpful and attentive. Yes, everyone in the breakfast staff. One particular person who went the extra mile was Mallika. She made sure to order gluten- free options for me, every day, all 4 days! She even packed a bag of fruit for my onward travels. Kamal was also very helpful as was Royston, who remembered us from our visit last year and who was very attentive to my gf requirements last year.  The location of this property is outstanding.. centrally located, walking distance to many attractions. Most of the general staff were also very friendly, wish I had noted down a few names. All the concierges were very knowledgeable. Mark was…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or625-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and amazing room,"Located in the heart of London, with all the attractions around and plenty of restaurants to visit. The hotels restaurant was brilliant, as was the impressively large basement swimming pool. The room was large with a good sized wet room. Would recommend and will return.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfection ,"Everything was great. From the first communication at check in to saying good bye. Staff is very professional and attentive but not intrusive. There’s a personal touch to it, from receiving a text asking how it is so far and if I want anything, to a cute personal note from housekeeping. The room and bathroom were beautiful, fresh, spacious. Immaculately clean.  The type that makes you want to stay inside  the whole time.  There was a lot of free refreshments in the fridge, bathrobe and slippers.  And let’s not forget the most comfortable bed you can ask for with perfectly ironed linen. Location is great. Happening, safe, lively area with plenty of stores and restaurants around. Walking distance to many attractions and a lot of public transport options.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good one night stay,"Short overnight stay with breakfast.  Room on 3rd floor was fine, with bathrobes, slippers, umbrella, wifi, tea coffee etc.  Couldn't quite fathom at the room lighting though.  Good breakfast and valet parking. Service from all staff was excellent in this busy hotel, very convenient for SE1 and attractions.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great service,Perfect Service we loved our stay .. exceptional from staff most especially Andrea Navajo keep it up. would recommend it 100%.. we w'll come back again soon... a yes Fizzy Friday what an amazing invention ;),Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, good location.","We stayed at Hilton London Bankside for 9 nights, our second visit.  It is a very nice hotel with a fabulous buffet breakfast.  Close to Southwark tube station and to Southbank.  Concierge is very helpful.  We originally booked dinner bed and breakfast but dropped the dinner option as the menu was extremely limited and didn’t really cater for a vegetarian.  After eating from the a la carte menu (very nice) the first night we were told we could only have a set menu.  This didn’t suit so reception staff (Luisa) was very helpful and our rate was adjusted.  We were in Edinburgh for 2 nights after our first night at Bankside and the hotel kindly stored our luggage until we returned which was very helpful.  Will stay at this hotel again if in London.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or630-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb location and hotel for South Bank Visit,"We were bringing our son to university and needed somewhere central. This was my third trip to London and we typically stay close to Victoria station. Not after this! Southbank is where it's all happening. Hilton is a quick block from the Tate Modern, so close to the Globe, the prison and Burroughs Market. To the west, is the Waterloo Bridge and close proximity to the Strand, Covent Garden and Trafalgar Square is another 10 minutes from there. The London Eye west of Waterloo is full of street performers, museums and various attractions. This hotel is literally a 15 minute walk from most anywhere you'd want to go, while giving you a quiet area to rest your head.  Service at the Hilton Bankside is exceptional. Breakfast buffet here covers every taste, the lounge in the evening was…",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Nicely decorated hotel. Comfortable rooms and good bed. Located close to underground station and a number of highlights of London. And who doesn’t want to have a swim in the indoor swimming pool after a long day walking through the city?,Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My favourite Hilton hotel in London ,"Hilton Bankside is new and shiny with decor that is sleek and on trend, which is matched by the buzz and vibe of this hotel.   All of the staff are friendly, keen to help and on hand for any queries. The hotel is well located for the Southbank and beyond and would be a great place to stay for a weekend in London, although on this occasion I was in town for work.  The rooms are spacious and well designed and for a large hotel it has a surprisingly boutique feel. Sadly I didn’t have chance to make use of the leisure facilities and an early morning meeting meant no chance for breakfast but I am sure the quality of these amenities matches the high standards elsewhere in the hotel.   This place changed my view of Hilton’s after some hideous experience at the Metropole in NW London…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"This was an ideal location for us as we explored London for the first time. We were a very easy walk away from the Globe Theatre, the Thames, and the tube. My 13 year old and I shared a room with two twin beds, they were very comfortable and the room was a great place to refresh after our long days of sightseeing. The Wagamama restaurant across the street had a lot of vegetarian options and we enjoyed eating there a few times during our stay.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"The location is great! 5 minute walk to Thames, 10 - 15 to Tower Bridge, 5 minute walk to the tube. Nice in-hotel bar and restaurant. Staff were very cordial. Food/room service was excellent. Prices are all reasonable. Rooms are very small but this is not unique to Hilton.   I used the app and my HH account to select a room before arriving. When I arrived, I was told the previous guest was no longer leaving and denied the type of room I had selected. I felt the hotel should have accommodated us with a comparable or better room since we had successfully made a reservation. Ended up being put in a room that faces a brick wall/receives little to no natural sunlight. Try to avoid those rooms if at all possible. In combination with the size, the lack of light and external sound make…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or635-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Staff are amazing!,"Stayed at the Hilton Bankside for only one night but I could not fault it! The beds are divine and especially the staff are amazing! Alex in the bar is so lovely and knowledgeable, he made our night extra special. Adolfo in Oxbo restaurant was equally nice, explaining everything perfectly and so attentive. Also John the concierge was great, a little cheeky (in a good way!) and so helpful, even having my bags and coat ready before I had to ask for them. All in all a great experience, and please treasure your staff, they are incredible! - Kim",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Staff! Great location.,"Would stay again.  Little bit pricey but worth it. Great staff, especially the Concierge. Very clean rooms. Breakfast was great,  fresh and delicious.  Omelet bar was a plus! We enjoyed that every morning.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good location and cozy hotel,"Beautiful hotel and located in a very good location.   Everything just in the walking distance.   Stayed in a Deluxe room and the room is clean. Room is wide and spacious.  However, I dont really like the lighting in this property.Its too dark for me and I prefer bright room. The window is small too and kind of made people feel depress.  Love their bathroom.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel with exceptional service,"Spent six nights here in September 2018,  Stayed in a suite with access to the Executive Lounge ... great breakfasts with snacks and drinks all day long.  The service in the lounge was always good ... but it was exceptional when Debra Lipsenmere was on duty.",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,We LOVED it here!,"Every single person at the front desk, Restaurant/Bar and the doorman were outstanding!  Every time you opened the door into the lobby someone sad hello or good morning.  The place is nice, clean and very central to the tube stops, Tate Modern museum, and places to eat.  I would recommend this hotel without a doubt!",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or640-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend break,"I stayed with my husband for 2 nights over a weekend, stylish hotel, very nice interior. Room was comfortable, clean modern bathroom with rainfall shower. The staff were friendly and helpful, breakfast staff in particular very diligent and polite. Refreshing to stay in a hotel where every member of staff you pass greets you warmly. A mention also to the housekeeping staff who left our room spotless. Breakfast was lovely, very nice buffet selection. Did not have time to make use of the pool or gym. Location could not be better, close to Southwark station for the underground. The Globe, Milennium Bridge and St Paul’s Cathedral all close by. Will definitely stay here again when we return to London. ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews, Comfy relaxing stay,"I stayed here for couple of nights. Hilton Bankside has a great location; walking distance to Southwark, London Bridge and Blackfriars tubes. The hotel is fairly new, rooms are great and comfy; breakfast is excellent. Had a very nice stay here ",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Super cool modern hotel ,I LOVED this hotel! Everything is new and modern.. we had a great room the view was also nice with a view of the city and although it was viewing the metro you could not hear any noise . We were celebrating my husbands birthday they even sent a cake to the room which was also nice . The executive lounge is amazing with lots of tasty snacks and they have a tea time and a happy hour.. we had breakfast in the main dining room it was also fabulous with soo many choices and a guy making omlettes .. the set up was really beautiful also . The location was perfect we walked to most sites its also close to the metro stations to go anywhwre else . We did use the indoor pool which was very clean and the water was also a good temperature.. the spa area also looked very nice but we didnt…,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Experience,"This was our first visit to London and this Hilton didn’t disappoint. Staff was very friendly. The location is awesome. Close to a couple of Tube stations and an easy  walk to many sites. The lounge is one of the best I’ve ever experienced at a Hilton property. Nice, modern, clean rooms. We will definitely stay at this hotel again. ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, but not close to the tube","My partner and I stayed at the Hilton Bankside in July 2018 for four nights. The hotel is very central, although not particularly close to a tube or train station so a little bit of a walk is required when you need public transport. They put us on level one which was a bit disappointing as we had no view and a heap of whirring machines outside kept up a buzz. The room was clean, a good size, and the king bed was comfy. The bathroom was modern and had a volume control for the tv speaker in there - we didn’t have a bath, but the shower was really good and I loved the mirror over the sink that was hanging by a belt strap. We opted to walk to Borough market for breakfast rather than pay for food at the hotel as breakfast seemed dear, but I've heard good things. We actually got…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or645-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Very nice, lovely and clean.","We have only stayed one night but we have had a lovely time. Hotel room is very clean, bed is very comfy.  The food in the restaurant was amazing, my duck was cooked to perfection the waiter was so helpful with my dietary requirements.  Only one thing that i wasnt happy with was our breakfast waiter, no hello, no can i get you a drink, he didnt say one word. Shame.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service ,"Happy to return anytime front office staff very helpful,rooms big and airy great location lots of restaurants around and a two minute walk to the river. Pleasant staff make a hotel and other big brands just don’t see this. ",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,Stayed here with my friend for 1 night on a Saturday. The breakfast was fantastic and exec lounge one of the best I have been to at Hilton. Staff very helpful and friendly. Bedrooms are great quality and the bed was very comfy. Shame there is no sauna or steam room as that would have given it 5 stars.,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel for exploring London,What a great hotel for our first time in London. The location was great. The room was so quiet and comfortable. We could walk many places but there was a tube station near (Southwark ). We used the executive lounge and the staff was so friendly. We would definitely stay here again. ,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,An excellent hotel,"Excellent hotel and facilities! The aroma as you entered the foyer was exquisite, a fabulous touch! Excellent staff, very helpful and always available. The bar had an extensive range of gins and the table service added an extra touch to the service. The food options for breakfast were excellent and thourghly delicious.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or650-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend trip,"The hotel is in great location on southbank not far from the globe. Easy to find coming in on tube. Southwark station being the closest. Room was great, large flatscreen, comfortable beds and tea and coffee making facilities. Loved free pop from local producers - a nice touch.  Bathroom was beautiful and shower was amazing. Would def consider staying again.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic hotel, offering a first class stay.","The sheer number of five star reviews for the Hilton Bankside says it all.   From the moment we arrived we were impressed. The journey in to London had for one reason or anther been fairly stressful that morning, and the local car park was full, but the concierge was excellent and handled our car for us with no fuss, allowing us to get on with our break.   After checking in we had a great spot of lunch in the bar. Great food, and helpful first class service all round.  Following a visit up the west end, we headed back to the hotel to enjoy the spa, which is a wonderful place to relax. We practically had the place to ourselves despite it being a bank holiday weekend. Beautifully done, and spotlessly clean.  Our room was quite frankly fantastic! Huge by London standards, again…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hospitality at Hilton London Bankside,"My current stay at Hilton London Bankside is so wonderful I can’t wait for the survey.  With this being my first time in London, Gergely the hospitality attendant in the lounge has absolutely made my stay heartwarming and with a feeling of home away from home.  This is not to mention that he is from another country himself, Hungary.  Along with his care of the patrons, he remembers details and caters towards your individual needs and is courteous to all.  I watched as he helped parents with calming tired and irritated children.  He put smiles on their faces as he did mine just watching.  Also, I saw beneath the care, a professionalism that said he knows his craft and should be mentoring others and managing these type of hospitality rooms.  One of the people I saw listening to…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel for sightseeing in London!,"This hotel is wonderful and I'd definitely stay here again!  It's very close to the Tate Modern and you can take a scenic boat ride to the Tate Britain.  The hotel is very elegant and there are tons of good restaurants near-by.  Mark Kis, the concierge, is fabulous!!!  He advised us on obtaining Oyster cards, told us the best way to get theatre tickets, and arranged a black car for us back to the airport!  And he was just the nicest guy ever.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great modern Hilton,"I stayed at this hotel whilst on business in London, convenient location close to Waterloo Station. I had an extremely pleasant stay, the room was incredibly quiet given it was the centre of London, the rooms are very modern and comfortably furnished, I would absolutely recommend.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or655-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay in Bankside,"We have stayed there before and every time we are very happy to have a customer service that is really good. Break fast in the morning is one of the best in London. Also, pool in Central London is amazing. We would stay there again !",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"Having been to London twice this year and both times staying at Hilton bankside it will probably be the only hotel I use while in London from now on. For me it’s the perfect location, just over the bridge from the hustle and bustle of central London the hotel is situated on a quieter street just across from the Tate modern, walking distance to borough market, Shakespeare’s gloves, with plenty pubs and restaurants scattered about. Tube station just a 5 min walk from hotel so very handy to get around. Staff were exceptional as always, lovely big rooms, high power air conditioning for those sweaty summer nights, decent cocktail bar next to reception that do really tasty G&T’s and late bar food, pool and gym were on the small side but did the job, and they have a car park!…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent. Consistently. ,"My second time at this Hilton and it was every bit as good as last time. Great staff, big room, comfortable bed, walk-in rain shower and fast, reliable WiFi. The restaurant is excellent both for breakfast and dinner. I literally have nothing bad to say about this place - long may it last! ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Lovely rooms, brilliant stay","Excellent service on arrival. I had a room on the Executive floor which was very nice. Clean, modern, and spacious. I didn't eat in the Hotel but did have a couple of drinks in the executive lounge and breakfast in the morning which was very good. The swimming pool was one of the nicer ones I've visited and was very sleek. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it wholeheartedly. ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another enjoyable visit!,"Our favourite London Hilton - as diamond members we always choose here.  Good, well run executive lounge where we were delighted to be looked after by Gergely again.  Always find him exceptionally professional, friendly, charming and attentive.  Staff as polite and helpful as always throughout the hotel.  Much appreciated...",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or660-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London Stay,"Hilton Bankside has great staff who are very attentative. The hotel is clean, fresh and welcoming. The location is not central to the tourist spots, which is a plus if you like to be away. It isn't far from the main spots to see. ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Keeping in the lead,Having stayed at the Tower Bridge Hilton last week Bankside still excels at being my best place to stay in London.  Staff are really pleased to serve you and I’ll give a shout out to Dylan in OXBO for his enthusiasm & professionalism.  Room as ever well presented and again many thanks to housekeeping for their well appreciated efforts.  ,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable stay - Fantastic,We booked this hotel as a walk as a special treat for our family on a special day. The  lady on reception (Rada I think) couldn't have been more helpful. She went out of her way to accommodate us and be helpful.  We stayed in a suite looking right at the Shard. The room was spotlessly clean with great facilities. They even catered for our children who were very excited to have a welcome pack in the room. We used the executive lounge and couldn't fault this in anyway. It was friendly nd well stocked with a relaxed atmosphere.  Overall the service throughout the the hotel was fantastic and our stay was very enjoyable and couldn't be faulted. If you want to treat yourself and leave felling relaxed stay here we loved. Thankyou for great stay it made our stay very special,Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lounge,"Great executive lounge and service. Served daily by Gergely. Always friendly and he went above and beyond to ensure my wife and I had everything we needed. Overall the hotel was excellent, modern and clean rooms. Staff was friendly and did an excellent job overall. Hotel was also quiet and fairly close to all major attractions.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Our new go-to hotel in London,"Had an overnight stay with my partner before flying back home. I wish we would have booked this hotel for the beginning of our trip instead of the DoubleTree Victoria.   The hotel was amazing, top to bottom and from check-in to check-out. The lobby is beautiful and modern, just like the rooms. Top notch service from the entire staff and the waiters in the restaurant.   Our room was very clean and well-stocked. The window was small, but had a nice view looking towards the Tate. They welcomed us with cookies and a friendly note. The breakfast was one of the best throughout our entire trip (we only booked Hilton properties). The executive lounge was also very nice and had many options during happy hour and breakfast.   The location is also very good! It was easy to get to from the…",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or665-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay in London,"Stayed overnight and really impressed with the service and attention. Quiet, spacious executive room with access to a good lounge where we had tea followed later by drinks and snacks. Busy at breakfast but good selection of food including Indian dishes. Everybody very helpful and willing to please. Very clean and well maintained. Not a budget hotel but certainly ticked all our boxes. Will go again if opportunity arises. Handy for the Globe Theatre.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Polished,"Very much unlike the usual Hilton experience, in my opinion. This is a meticulously designed room - stylish finishes, minimal layout, very carefully and thoughtfully planned, everything where it should be, ergonomically a pleasure, and a most pleasant stay. The service is up to 5 star standards too. Located adjacent to the Tate Modern, and a short walk from Borough Market.  Small quibbles:  the bar fridge is a bit noisy, wired ethernet did not work (i don't want to radiate myself with wi-fi thanks), and when I plugged my ethernet cable into the ethernet port on the desk, the telephone stopped working -- so some things to sort out there). Otherwise, a very fine hotel.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable night's stay in a lovely room,"Many hotels have a beautiful reception area and disappointingly bland rooms.  This one however was different.  Lovely room, great attention to detail, lots of complimentary items. Very comfortable stay and very clean.  Great value for money in London. Would definitely stay again. ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very solid hotel,"We had a great experience at this property. Got upgraded to a suite, which was nice.  I wasn’t a huge fan of the room layout and style, but it was comfortable enough.  Location is much better than it seemed at first.  Short walk to the tube, but central.   All the staff were great.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,perfect holiday,"Perfect place to relax and discover London,   rooms comfortable and very quiet, quality drinks and food, the swimming pool extra comfort. Special thanks to Gergely Müller and Márk Kis who helped us with the executive lounge and concierge service; theater tickets, table reservations and much more ... I felt like a Queen ...",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or670-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Almost perfect holiday accommodation.,"I stayed for a week during  the very high temperatures in July and found the Hotel almost perfect.  I understand that this Hotel was only recently opened and it looked it.  Staff very friendly.  Air conditioning perfect throughout. Breakfast extensive and high quality.  Pool perfect for a cool-down.  Extensive and lively bar.  Large well equipped room with Tea, Coffee and Water on hand.  Tasty nibbles were left in the room each night (as if I needed them!)  While on the south side of the river but well located for the Underground and Water Taxis.  A minor, but sometimes annoyning point, was that on a number of ocasions the room was not serviced until 6 o'clock. ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent accomdations,Fresh .new and conveniently located near underground stations and bus routes. We spent three nights and four days in London after a British Isles cruise at this hotel. We are recommending it to our friends and neighbors for their upcoming visit.,Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely lovely,"This hotel is fantastic! The room was by far the nicest room I have ever stayed in. Everyone was extremely nice and accommodating, even the concierge came outside with us to show us how to get somewhere. The location is awesome, with a short walk to Borough Market and the London Bridge. The only downfall was the fitness room, it was very small and ill equipped, however that is something so minor and does not affect too many people. The breakfast is also horribly expensive, but that's to be expected at a place this nice. If you are coming to London, I highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"I was impressed with this hotel.  The area has gone through urban regeneration, attracting new restaurants, bars, cafes etc. The hotel décor was modern and lightning throughout the hotel was quite dark.  The room was average size for London and was modern and comfortable. I felt the lighting in the room could be brighter but it followed the theme of the hotel.  The room was well equipped with plenty of plugs and USB ports. WiFi was fast.  Breakfast in the hotel was good, plenty of choice and quality.  I suspect it gets very busy later in the morning, as despite it being near empty when I arrived, I was seated between 2 occupied tables. ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London day break,"I stayed in this hotel for just one night, the check in time is at 3pm, I arrived at 12:30. The room was ready, and I was able to get to the room assigned after checking in.  Hotel is clean and staff were friendly even the housekeeping staff. Short walking distance from Southwark tube station. There were complimentary drinks and biscuits and tea making facilities. The body wash, shampoos and body cream were Crabtree and Evelyn , what a treat! From this time on this will be my hotel choice when in London.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or675-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Awesome Unique Hotel,"I had been staying at the Hilton Tower Bridge and on a recent trip stayed at the Bankside Hilton. I actually found the executive lounge, on site restaurant and on site bar to be so much better. The area is a bit more neighborhood style vs Tower Bridger location but not so much any differentiator. While the executive lounge at Tower Bridge is on the roof top which is very cool, it is very small. The rooms at Bankside are excellent and I can say same for Tower Bridge. Definitely will be coming back.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Good choice, if a little pricey","Spent two nights here last weekend. Very new hotel, cool decor, and great staff throughout. % mins walk to the Thames, Tate Modern, and St Pauls. Seems to be an up and coming area, with a good choice of places to eat nearby (Mercato Metropolitan was very cool and packed). Ate in the restaurant first night and the food was good - but nearly cost a ton! Rooms have great air conditioning (a must for us, especially this summer), the beds were very comfy, and the black outs worked well. Had a little noise on Saturday night, not sure if it was from a wedding downstairs or elsewhere, but despite being a very light sleeper it didn't bother us. Had water and pop in the fridge for us, and there are plugs and charger sockets next to the bed (another must these days). Shower had great…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Simply Wonderfull . .,"Our bolt hole in London. Have been coming here since the hotel opened. No room upgrade with our Diamond status this time, but even the lowest category rooms are loverly. Prior to using Bankside we used Park Lane Hilton for 20 years and watched the slow deterioration of a once great hotel, however, the good thing is that the deterioration of the London Hilton made us seek out somewhere else and Bankside was recommended so wallop, here we are. The breakfast is the best Hilton breakfast in the UK, by a long way. The staff ooze service and quality and the Executive Lounge is the best in Europe. We are sad to leave however, we now have something to look forward to leading up to our next visit ..   ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Stay - Loved the Location,"We had a fantastic 3-night pre-cruise stay at the Hilton Bankside.  In our last visit we stayed in the Mayfair area which was closer to some of the sites, but we really enjoyed the South Bank location.  It worked out well for visiting Tate Modern (especially 10th floor view) and the Globe Theatre.  With the great weather, we also had some nice walks to the Tower Bridge, London Eye, Borough Market etc. - often on the river walk. It was also a nice stroll to the Southwark tube station.  The hotel itself was very professional and we received excellent service all around.  The king room was spotless and clean.  With HH gold we received a complimentary buffet breakfast which was fantastic - both in variety as well as quality.   I would highly recommend the Hilton Bankside and we look…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"We were in London for 10 nights. 5 nights in Hilton bankside, 5 nights in Hilton waldorf London. We enjoyed more here in bankside.Everything here is better except location. Staffs are outstanding and very helpfull. ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or680-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My best destination in London,"I do always stay at the Hilton London Bankside when in London. Excellent service, fabulous lounge, nice swimming pool. All perfect. Staff taking care of all of your requests. Thank you to all of them. The hotel is 200 meters from Tate Modern and the Thames. Millenium bridge and the City is walking distance. ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"Hotel is located 5 minutes walk from Metro station, which makes it accessible to entire London. We took a family room and stayed for 2 nights. Hotel has simple and modern design in which all needs are considered. We had access to the lounge where breakfast was served. We were in a different Hilton Hotel and left it with some disappointing remarks but Bankside is truly excellent. All staff is very helpful and attentive. I highly recommend this hotel to everyone whether your trip is business or leisure.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous Hotel with Attentive Staff, Wonderful Executive Lounge and Great Location Near the Tube!","My husband and our two teenaged grandsons stayed at this lovely property and could not have been happier!  The staff is welcoming and makes you feel like valued guests.  I made a number of special requests and all of them were handled professionally and warmly.  We booked an Executive Suite which was large and comfortable.  Our bedroom was nicely appointed and our grandsons declared that their couch pullout bed felt like a normal, comfy bed.  Our room had a full bath with a separate shower and tub and a nice array of amenities.  The boys also had a half-bath which came in handy.  The boys received gift bags on arrival and they were filled with goodies from stuffed toys to jelly beans.The Executive Lounge is blessed with friendly staff who went out of their ways for us. …",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel near Shakespeare’s Globe,"The Hilton Bankside is the kind of hotel which makes you feel welcome without making a fuss. Service is very friendly, helpful and most important unobtrusive. The short distance to the Globe theatre makes it the perfect place to stay for Shakespeare enthusiasts. ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great first impression in London,"This was my first stop in London, and i have to say i was pleasantly surprised. I have had really mixed reviews staying in Hilton properties, however this is one of the good experiences by far.   The staff are very friendly, never did i feel pressure for being a tourist having to tip, or stupid for asking what would seem obvious questions.   The hotel itself is situated right near a subway station, (about a 5 min walk) which will connect you to the greater city within about 15 minutes. The trains come every 3 minutes or so.   The hotel was new! Rooms were clean, no marks on linen or towels, no dust in the room, everything was clean and neat. I had the executive club room which granted me access to the executive lounge.   Its the type of Hotel, if you call and ask them to make…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or685-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay,I go to London 2-3 times a year for work.  This was my first time staying at this hotel and I loved it!  Booked an Executive room and glad I did as it was much larger than standard rooms and came with access to their excellent Executive lounge.  Great air conditioning in the room which is important to me and not always easy to find in Europe.  Nice bathroom.  Good service.  Great location.  I'll be back for sure.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A splendid stay,"This is a very modern hotel, located on the south bank of the river Thames, within walking distance of Tate modern and the Globe. The closest tube station is Southwark, about five minutes away on foot. We had two inter-connecting rooms, which is ideal for families. Children are well catered for and made to feel very welcome. My daughter (nine years old) was very pleased with the kid-sized bath robe and slippers, as well as the welcome pack (complete with a small teddy). There is also a treasure hunt to locate 31 fox figurines throughout the lobby, bar/cafe and restaurant area, which my daughter really enjoyed completing. The staff are very friendly, helpful, welcoming and very polite. The breakfast is great, with plenty to choose from. My favourite was the fruit bar. Overall, we…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Visit,"The Hilton London Bankside is a hotel I would highly recommend for those who are visiting London. Upon arriving we took a room upgrade which was available on the spot at 1:30pm. We also got access to the executive lounge where free afternoon tea was served (which we loved) and free drinks from the minibar which was great. The staff were very nice and conscientious doing everything they could to make our stay the best possible.   We had a beautiful room on the second floor that was extremely clean and quite large. If you are able to get a good deal on the upgrade I would take it, the room was big with a full living room, two bathrooms and a king sized bed. This hotel made our first two nights in London much more luxurious and would definitely recommend to any travelers especially…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday treat ,The hotel has a really funky and quirky entrance. On arrival our room was not ready so we were asked to wait in lounge. The staff on reception and in lounge were super friendly and helpful.   Our room was ready however the keycards did not work; it wasn’t the best start but Reception sent a few glasses of sparkling wine for the two delays.  The room was spacious with good bathroom amenities. Very comfy bed.  Pool was disappointing with a jacuzzi in pool which didn’t really do much. Wish I’d not wasted my time going.   Good location easy walkable to shops and the river.   Breakfast was very nice with huge selection. The evening drinks in executive lounge were also good.  The hotel is not cheap but I’d stay again... just not waste time in pool!,Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best business-class hotels in London,"I've stayed in more than a dozen hotels in London. The Hilton Bankside is absolutely one of the very best. In fact, it feels more like a modern high-end luxury hotel.  The rooms are remarkably quiet, with good black-out curtains, comfortable beds, and good (and quiet) air conditioning, so we slept great. The rooms are slightly larger than many London hotels in this price range, they look great, and they have plenty of outlets for our gadgets. The bathroom is comfortable, attractive, and highly functional.   Breakfast was great all three days we were there. The buffet was outstanding, with plenty of hot and cold options, cooked-to-order options, pastries, and juices. And, all of the food was very tasty and fresh, and the service was excellent from host to server.  The hotel is a…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or690-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"Amazing hotel from start to finish. Fantastic service, great room, Complimentary birthday cake for my birthday, comfy bed, in bathroom music, rainshower, blackout curtains, iron, hairdryer! 10 minute walk to Bourough Market. It's brilliant! Lovely getaway for the weekend and would return.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,New and Modern yet too dark,"This property is fairly new with a compact entrance yet a welcoming lobby, the staff is friendly and always eager to please. Check in experience didn’t go as smoothly, being a Hilton Honors Diamond member who checked in two days ago with the Hilton App I had to wait almost half an hour to get the room that was originally assigned to me but was not ready even at 5pm for which I was compensated with some points, no upgrade was given but I had the option of a continental breakfast in the lounge located on the lobby floor or a full breakfast buffet @ the restaurant located next to the lounge (oxbo).  The room was located on the 7th floor, to my surprise the wait for a room on the higher floor didn’t pay off because for some reason the way this hotel was designed it appears lighting…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay ,"Me and my husband enjoyed 2 nights at Hilton bankside, our room was clean and comfortable and the hotel has a very modern feel to it. Would definitely stay here again. Please note that there is no free onsite parking. ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Modern hotel in a good location,Spent 4 nights (Sunday-Thursday). Hotel has modern amenities for business travellers. Spacious room; excellent breakfast; large and hospitable lounge. Staff is friendly and accommodates special requests. Nice bar on site.,Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews, Very nice hotel,"The hotel is very clean, new and luxury. Beds are very comfortable. You can make the rooms totally dark with the think heavy curtains to have better sleep in the morning, something that I care about a lot and could not do in many hotels. Kids and us had great sleep despite jet lags.   The location is also good. Many attractions are in walking distance and it’s also close to subway station.   The staff are all great. Very polite and attentive. Notably, I want to point out Gergely in the Lounge area. His service was great, even one night he stayed a little bit longer than his shift to show us some attractions and give us info for our next trip to hungry.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or695-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,I love this venue,"With Hilton the standard is usually ok with some pleasant an some unpleasant surprises. This hotel is pleasant surprise. Rooms are spacious for London standard clean and comfortable. Service is as good as Parklane, but price ratio is much better. And close to the river, close to Shakespeare’s globe,  within walking distance of the London eye and Big Ben it is at a great central location. ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great location,"My fiancée and I stayed here for 3 nights; such a nice, new looking hotel.  Room had everything we needed and we had access to the executive lounge which put a great spread on each night during the evening drinks.   The lady on reception arranged for a cake to be sent to our room the evening we arrived to congratulate us on our engagement; a very nice touch.   Rada on reception was very helpful when I needed to print out some documents which wouldn’t work in the business centre.   I would highly recommend staying in this hotel for those travelling to London and desire a convienent location.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best Hilton I've been at,"My husband and I visited this hotel for a short London break. I always find Hilton hotels great but this one was fabulous. It's a lovely new hotel so the rooms are lovely with great decor. The staff are also wonderful - right from the firsr contact from the wonderful receptionist who checked us in - it was very personal and we felt very special. I would highly recommend paying more for an exec room with lounge access - the extras you get in there are fabulous. It has a fabulous high tea, lovely snacks and drinks in the evening and a great selection for breakfast. This is by far the best exec lounge I have been in worldwide and special mention to Gergely (I hope I have his name right) - what a host and a lovely person. Congratulations and a massive thanks to everyone with making…",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My new favourite hotel in London,"I stayed here for a conference and was really impressed - for me, the service is on a par with the Conrad, incredibly pleasant staff. The rooms are fine, not as opulent as the Conrad but with comfy beds and good modern showers. The breakfast is excellent, if only they would do breakfast in the room for the tray charge it would be perfect.  Great location for walking the South Bank too.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Good, but very overpriced!","I stayed at this hotel for one night whilst on business in London.  Location is fantastic and everything in the city is easily accessible from the hotel. On arrival I was checked in swiftly, although slightly stiff and very formal approach which I just don't!  Why do hotels still insist on this sir and madam lark, I much prefer a more laid back attitude, it was very robotic with breakfast times being advised, location of everything etc, etc.  None the less the receptionist was courteous and friendly. The rooms at this hotel are not like any other rooms I've seen in a Hilton, very much appealing to the hipster trendy crowd which I like but my personal opinion is they're very dark.  I'm they look nice and cozy in the winter but in the peak of summer I found the room just looked a…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or700-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend Break,"Had a lovely stay at this great hotel, fantastic location with great amenities highly reccomend for a shoe break to London. Thankyou to Anthonybotr Antonio who looked after us for breakfast, charming young man who looked after my wife who has difficulty walking.  Praise where praise is due.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"I was taken here for my birthday weekend and it was such a great hotel. We paid a little extra for the executive option which gave us breakfast, afternoon tea, alcohol and canapés. We dined in the hotel restaurant on the first night and that was lovely and good staff and great food. The room was spacious, clean and modern with a free mini bar as also part of the executive package. We used the pool and had it to ourselves that was very nice. It’s a great location, staff are very friendly and helpful, price was what I would expect. I will be returning here for another stay without a doubt.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in the middle of bustling Bankside,"Whilst there's now a cluster of hotels (almost all on the same block) in Bankside, the Hilton justifies its five star rating with a distictly upmarket feel. The most impressive feature is the service - bags whisked out of your hand as you arrive, a concierge on tap, and staff who are interested in being helpful (horrifically rare in London these days). Add to that, new rooms with all mod cons and miraculous sound-proofing, a superb gin bar and resturant, and a walkable location for anywhere from Waterloo to London Bridge. No wonder it's buzzing.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great hotel in a great London location,"Modern hotel. Great location near Thames River, Tate Modern gallery, Globe Theater and lots of nice restaurants. Staff super nice. Excellent breakfast. Has a nice pool and gym. Room is nice size, great shower. We had a view of a brick wall but did not want to pay extra for an outward view.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in that category,"I was very pleasantly surprised by this Hilton property. The lobby area as well as the rooms and the general ambience are all very stylish and modern and the service of all staff was friendly and efficient.The rooms were furthermore very comfortable, the bathrooms modern, great showers, nice and comfy beds and bedding etc. I could not find any fault. Compared with other Hilton properties in the same category, this is a gem. Will def stay here again when in London and in the Bankside area.",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or705-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous,"Had a great one night stay at the Hilton Bankside. It started off well when we checked in and were given Diamond Status for our stay - so had use of the Exec Lounge, which included free breakfast, drinks etc. It was a lovely gesture, and we did use the lounge for coffee and some quiet time before we went out for the day. We had already booked breakfast in the restaurant so can’t tell you what the offer for breakfast was like in the exec lounge - but the coffee was excellent!   The hotel is well placed for the tube, and is very close to the Tate Modern, The Globe Theatre and the Millennium Bridge.  The staff at the hotel were exceptionally helpful and efficient - but friendly as well. Our room was perfect, with a comfortable bed, robes and slippers. We also had complimentary soft…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect experience,"A friend of mine and I stayed here for a few nights on our first trip to Europe. The staff was amazing! Very helpful with directing us as first timers from America. We booked a tour through the concierge, which went seamless. Happy hour was fun as many locals came in to watch the World Cup. The rooms are clean, bathrooms are great with nice shower, beds are comfy, and the AC chills perfectly. ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London 2018,"Amazing vacation, great location, great service. Very helpful. My husband enjoyed the pool. The food was really good. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. Very near to all train stations. Truly would recommend to anyone ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lots to Like,"Overall enjoyed our stay here.  Positives are : The incredibly polished and thoughtful service Our room was large and quiet with a powerful rain shower Rate was quite reasonable overall, but one night cost three times that of another night during our stay, still the average rate was fantastic for a five star Hilton Honors members receive nice little perks A few Negatives: No fresh air or tub in rooms Executive Lounge breakfast average and room is windowless and kept freezing cold Location was nice but we spent at least £50 daily in taxis getting to the other side of the river to sights and shopping etc. Do your homework and this just might be the right choice for you.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful luxury hotel in the middle of city,"The hotel is near to the Thames bank with many eateries around . Very well interior decorated and maintained upto a very high standard . The restaurant, bar , pool and the rooms have a sleek look that give a cosy feeling. Very enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or710-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Already booked again,Just arrived home from 2 nights in this fabulous hotel and booked another trip already.  Cannot recommend highly enough.  Lovely hotel and great location for visiting anywhere on the South Bank. We stayed in a king room (the most basic) and we couldn't fault it. Used Tesco Clubcard vouchers and exchanged them for Hotels.com and saved lots of money too.  Very easy process.,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday celebration ,"We stay in a lot of Hilton’s but Once again bankside you out done yourself again, you have to be the best hotel I’ve stayed in in London you always seem to look after us it was a celebration weekend and you really went out of your way to not only upgrade my partners father you also upgraded us! Your all amazing staff and really go out of your way to look after people! And to the young gentleman ( sorry I couldn’t remember his name )working on the Hilton honours on Saturday your one in a million! Thank you all so much and believe me were returning again to come stay! The rooms are amazing and beds are so comfortable I will never stay in another hotel in London! Thank you thank you thank you 👍👍👍👍",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Still The Best,"Without doubt, my current stay here proved that this is still the best Hilton in London by a long chalk. The most professional staff, excellent breakfast, great/fresh rooms, super exec lounge. Its all a major cut above any other Hilton Branded property in town, without any doubt. Already booked again for next year. Love it.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Will come back and hunt the foxes!,"I will come back here any day.  Good food, great place, wonderful staff.  I think this is one place I gave a tip almost all of the time!!!  A friend came to visit me and told me the story of the foxes (you need to book there and get the whole story for yourself) and truly, there is a hunting map (They will give you one at front office) and you can hunt out all the foxes!!  Ah, the wood paneling..  I loved  those.  They give a kind of VIP feeling to the whole place.  Whoever did that.. raised the level of the decor at the hotel.  They are dope, completely.",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Dissapointing,"Booked deluke twin room as a surprise for my friends 40th.  Also booked a bottomless brunch.  Contacted hotel to ask if they could assist in making my friends birthday special and they responded quickly agreeing to help. Arrived prior to check in and started the day with the bottemless lunch.  Dissapointingly my friends 40th was not even acknowledged by staff as previously arranged. After lunch we went to check in and they had overbooked hotel and never had deluxe twin room that I had previously paid for in FULL! After much debating with one of the unhelpful managers, we had to take a double room & share a bed! I discreetly showed the manager an e-mail I had received from the hotel stating that they would assist in making my friends 40th special, which so far was an epic fail. I…",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or715-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Amazing staff, great amenities, family friendly, hip area","A truly great hotel... Staff is so polite and professional. Areas are all clean and fresh. Service is great. Just a few tips to reach perfection a) pool area is boiling hot, to the point of suffocation....reminds of a sauna more than a pool, so we left after five minutes   b) breakfast was not as great as I expected...for example no baked beans for fried eggs in England? how come? croissants cold and dry, bread so so, not much children friendly selection of cheese, sliced cheddar/gouda/gruyere would be more widely accepted than goats and brie... Some other points are that windows do not open and rooms are a bit obscure, even though we were lucky to be on the last floor... Overall, a great / quality stay though, and staff made it even better..never missed a smile! A nice memory…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The Best Hilton in the World,"I just spent 7 delightful nights at the Hilton Bankside in London. It is a discrete hotel just behind the Tate Modern. It does not have a spectacular and glitzy lobby, but it is very elegant, with remarkable fresh flower arrangements, and dark tone club-like ambiance. The staff is always in the lookout to help you and make your stay more comfortable. The rooms are extremely well appointed; everything thought through for your comfort. Attention to every detail. Again, nothing showy and trendy (no transparent walls to the shower for instance), but everything for your personal comfort. I loved the showers, with their solid stone base. The pool is narrow but quite a good length for morning laps.   Leaving towards Paddington to go to Cornwall, I inadvertently left my knapsack in the…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,What a great hotel,"I had never stayed on the bankside of the river, and was a bit apprehensive, but what a wonderful surprise . Perfect location a short stroll away from the banks of the Thames, Tate Modern and over the Millenium bridge you are in the City at St Paul's .  I stayed on the Exec floor, which gave some lovely benefits. Very good breakfast in the spacious lounge, afternoon tea and evening drinks and tasty nibbles. Very big room for London standards and all the staff went out of their way to make my stay as comfortable as possible.  I shared my room with a friend and the sofa bed was made up and I can say that this is by far the most comfortable sofa bed I have ever come across, proper bed quality mattress and the same quality bedlinnen as on the main bed.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Favorite hotel in London,"Why you ask?  I'll get to that.  The rooms are very modern and new, the staff is teriffic, the executive lounge has three services - breakfast, tea, and happy hour.  But the best part - breakfast.  The buffet is the best that I have had in all my travels.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"It does not get any better, then the Bankside","I been a Diamond or Gold in the Hilton Honors program since 1988, I know my Hiltons. This is a outstanding hotel, but you have to understand, its a hotel that you have take a cab to and from. Its cheaper then the subway, if you have 4 or more and faster. The rooms are large and they have everything you need. If you are only Gold, no Executive Lounge.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or720-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,"Enjoyed a nice stay. I love the hotel location and I think has the nicest Hilton breakfast of any Hilton I’ve stayed in. Staff very friendly and a special shout out for the concierge all of whom are friendly, smiley and accommodating. The hotel is a few minutes walk from the Tate Modern which has a free viewing tower and you can walk across the Millennium Bridge to St Paul’s which also has great views from the Dome (for £18 adult entrance).",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Ok. ,"Well. For a 5* hotel I was expecting a bit more. The rooms are pretty old fashioned, the cleaning level could be a bit higher and the mini bar could be fuller.  The room was freezing cold when I arrived and the check in was a bit long.  The service is excellent and the breakfast ia also very good.   There is a nice bar in the lobby.  ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Family friendly Hilton hotel !!!,"We thoroughly enjoyed our london holiday and the staff in the hotel certainly helped us to relax, they were so kind to us and our babies !!! we enjoyed the pool at the end of the day and the fabulous breakfast in the morning. Special thanks to the concierge who was so friendly and down to earth !!!  ",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great HHonors Service,"This hotel was awesome!!  Great location, OUTSTANDING service and wonderful restaurants and lounge.  There were three individuals that truly stood out during my stay.  Gregery Muller in the HHonors Lounge was on top of service going over and above.  He provided me and my co-workers with outstanding service and was extremely kind and accommodating.  Also, upon checkin, Aman & John at the front desk were a pleasure to work with and made sure I was taken great care of.  You can tell the GM of this hotel knows about customer service and teaching his team the tricks to provide the best in the industry service with a smile.  I will look forward to coming back to this hotel and thank you to Gregery, Aman & John for making my stay wonderful!!",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"We had an executive room which was exceptional. We arrived before the 3pm check in and the room wasn't ready. We were shown to the executive lounge for complimentary refreshments and the receptionist bought our key within ten minutes. The room was huge and very well appointed with everything you need for a comfortable stay. The bed was enormous and possibly the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in! The complimentary breakfast was varied and unlimited, and well received. This was our second stay, and most certainly won't be our last. Thank you and well done to all the staff and management",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or725-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel and Staff,"We stayed at The Hilton London Bankside for two weeks, fabulous hotel, extremely friendly and helpful staff. Awesome people who looked after us really well, Josh and Anne in the bar and restaurant “The Distillery” and Andrei who was our outstanding doorman.  Rooms were a good size, with large bathrooms and terrific beds. Highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"Going by mt last review. What can I say, you can always rely on a Hilton hotel where ever you go. Plus this was the first night away for my mum after the horror of the H10 Adeje hotel in Tenerife.  This was our first time at this hotel. It was a pleasure from when we arrived until we left. They were kind enough to upgrade us to a one bedroom suite - I could easily live there. The staff were so attentive and helpful especially Angelo on the front desk and the staff in the Executive lounge.   Thank-you Hilton London Bankside for giving my mum the best time. Cannot wait to return ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Modern room terrific location,"I have had the pleasure of working in London many times, but this was my first time at this property.  Rooms are up to date, clean, well appointed.   It is well located for the Millennium Bridge and Tate Museum, I enjoyed a walk of several miles including Saint Paul's Cathedral.  I would definitely come back.    One negative which I am sure is an oddity, there was a wedding at the hotel last evening and they permitted the DJ to completely overdue the subwoofers/bass and he was quite literally rattling the glasses in the executive lounge (and I think most of the ground floor) Nothing against weddings or parties - have a blast....but that was unnecessary.  One final note, London is a big town, think about where you are going and what you want to see and try to stay close. …",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday surprise,"My husband booked this hotel located near to where he works as part of a surprise weekend for my birthday. It did not disappoint. Located close to Tate Modern and therefore the River Thames an ideal location for accessing all areas of central London easily. We both routinely work in London but taking time to explore its delights was fab. The hotel staff were friendly, courteous and knowledgeable. The room was spacious and clean and had everything we needed. Husband enjoyed the swimimg pool. We ate and drank  in The Distellery. As a person who enjoys gin this bar does not disappoint - such a choice including a vintage collection(pricy) ......but my guess is worth saving up for as a special treat. The decor was modern but warm and inviting. They catered for families and children…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Night away,"Can not fault the room, bed so comfortable, had everything in the room that you would want.  Very clean, spacious and reasonably priced.  Only down side was that the breakfast was on the cold side, if you order in advance you save £8 😄",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or730-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday Perfection,"I have been lucky enough to stay at Bankside on and off over the last couple of years, but always for business. This weekend I came back, and brought my parents, for a weekend of birthday celebrations for myself and my father. I have been so impressed with the deeply personal service we have received that it has inspired me back to write another review. Jan Patterwan, one of the excellent guest relations managers, a d Max, one of the reception team leaders, have looked after us and helped with all the arrangements, including sorting everything out for a special bottle of bubbles in the room at the drop of a hat, and making sure both my parents and I had the best possible rooms and everything we needed.  The hotel itself remains a breath of fresh air in the Hilton portfolio, with…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"GREAT PLACE TO STAY, CLOSE TO EVERYTHING",We found this hotel and chose it because it looks new.  The reviews told us they were better than Waldorf (THEY WERE RIGHT!).  We bought a room with the executive lounge included.  This was great-they serve breakfast daily and always have drinks and snacks ready.  We stocked up on water here before heading to sightsee.  They also do drinks in the evening but we passed on those.  The hotel was very quiet and it's situated about two blocks from the underground.  It's also walking distance to a museum and places to eat.  The staff was very attentive and made sure to check in with us daily.  We would stay here again! Also they have a spa downstairs and i would recommend highly after a day of walking.,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Couples Weekend Break,"fantastic hotel, great staff, rooms very spacious and comfortable, beds wear a dream to sleep in and the shower was amazing, we were in room 214 king room, great location, would highly recommend for a London city Visit",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,30th bday,Stayed here for 2 nights this weekend with my hubby to celebrate by 30th birthday. Was excellent the room was great really comfy and cosy. Really nice touch that they put birthday cake in the room. Really friendly & polite staff. Pool was lovely especially after a long day sight seeing!  Breakfast was delicious and great variety. Would deffo reccomend and stay again!,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel & great staff,"We stayed for 2 nights and had a great time at this hotel. The staff were really friendly and our room was very roomy with a hallway and separate desk area behind the bed. The bathroom was huge with both a bath & walk in shower.   The location is really convenient between Waterloo and London Bridge only a 5 minute walk to Southwark tube.  The executive lounge was cool with free food & drink although alcohol is only available at certain times.  The bar area is very spacious and well worth a visit, breakfast is quite expensive at £28 so have a look at other nearby options. There is a pool & Jacuzzi area which was also nice to use.  Overall a great stay and we'd certainly return again.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or735-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Impressive Staff/Gin Bar/Hotel,"It was the best decision to stay at the Hilton Bankside. The staff was extremely attentively and I’ve never experienced this kind of service before. A special thanks to the waitress Maria who is working at the Gin Bar. She was very kind and attentive besides that she recommended me a very nice Italian Gin. I recommend everyone who plans to visit London , to stay at the Hilton London Bankside. It’s centrally located and is near all the attractions.  I’m looking forward to come back.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wow!,"We have just spent a night at this fantastic hotel to celebrate a birthday. We are Gold members and were upgraded to a suite and were pleasantly surprised to get a birthday gift from the management. This hotel is in a great area of London close to the Southbank with many options for eating and drinking.  The hotel itself is fairly new and has an industrial theme to it, our suite on the 6th floor was spacious and had a super comfy bed.  The bathroom was large had a bath and a separate walk-in shower.  The overall cleanliness and housekeeping was at a very high standard which made us feel very comfortable. Even though we stayed in a Saturday night we found the hotel to be quiet and both slept very well. We were impressed with every member of staff we encountered who were super…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A real pleasure,"We loved this hotel! The room was spacious with lovely modern interior. I loved the grey walls & light oak wooden doors & panelling. Fabulous bathroom with a huge shower - spotlessly clean and looked after twice a day. We even got a change of towel between afternoon & evening. Again, loved the decor with slate flooring. Our room on the third floor was quiet - heard very little noise. No view at all - only a wall but this meant complete privacy. We didn’t use the restaurant or bar but liked the idea of a barbecue being cooked outside the bar - a nice touch for the summer. Location was great - minutes from the South Bank & with lots of little cafes/restaurants nearby. We also made use of the Tesco & Sainsbury’s express stores on the same road. We would definitely return here &…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful and friendly,What a wonderful experience we had staying at the Hilton London Bankside! I swam in the pristine pool every morning and slept well in the comfortable bed with soft sheets and pillows. The hotel is ideally located and very attractive. The bar and restaurant were excellent and popular with not just hotel guests but locals as well. Best of all was our experience with the staff. All so pleasant and well-trained. A lovely stay in every way!,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London Calling,"Needed a hotel in London (...after 5 days in Paris, on our return to the U.S.) and picked this Hilton based on its good reviews. While our Paris room was expectedly small, the Hilton Bankside was surprisingly spacious, very clean, new, modern, quiet, and had a (relatively) spacious bathroom and shower. Our check-in with Luisa was friendly and efficient, and she called our room once we got there to see if everything was to our satisfaction. Less than a 10 minute (roller bag) walk from the Southwark Underground station. About a 5 minute walk to Tate Modern Museum (free admission), Thameslink trainstation, or the Thames Riverwalk. Plenty of convenience marts, ATMs, coffee shops and lunch/dinner restaurants in the immediate vicinity. Great base for exploring London; we’d definitely…",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or740-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant,"Just returned from a one night stay at this lovely hotel. From the covered canopy for cabs to drop you, the friendly efficient staff throughout, the large spacious comfortable quiet rooms, well appointed shower room, excellent restaurant for dinner and breakfast and a gorgeous pool, everything was perfect. Plus it’s a five minute walk from Southwark Tube and five minutes walk to catch one of the boats on the Thames.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant Hotel,"This is a fantastic hotel. Modern, stylish & luxurious. The rooms are high end, very comfortable nights stay. Professional & polite staff, great service.  Wonderful smell on arrival in reception & throughout.   The bar is lovely, fab G&T’s. Can’t wait to return one day to try out the restaurant that looked buzzing & the spa.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing Pool and A/C,This hotel lives up to it’s excellent reviews. It is in a great location on the south Bank of the Thames right across the street from the Tate Modern. It is a 5 minute walk to the Southwark underground stop on the Jubilee line. The hotel has a nice small gym. It has an amazing large lap pool which was my favorite feature. If you like to swim daily for exercise this is your go to in London for the price. My wife and I found London to be very humid and good a/c was hard to find except here. Rooms are large and very comfortable with equally large baths all hard to find at this price point. We prepaid during the annual Hilton winter sale and saved about 40%. Most hotels with these amenities in London cost a lot more. Food was excellent in the hotel with excellent breakfast buffet…,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,5 star service!,"My husband and I spent 3 nights here to celebrate my 40th Birthday and we definitely made the right choice. 5 mins walk (maximum) to Southwark tube. Just a stone's throw from Southbank and easy walking distance to lots of attractions. There are lots of different bars and restaurants close to the hotel so you don't have to go far in the evening if you want a stroll out. The hotel it's self is first class. All the staff are so friendly and professional, it is obvious that they are proud to wear their uniform (and very nice it is too!). It is definately worth going for an upgrade to get access to the exceptional Executive Lounge. The Lounge is far superior to other Hilton's we have stayed at, especially the hot breakfast buffet and range of drinks available in the evening. The…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Holiday,"We spent 5 nights here as the beginning of our holiday. The location was perfect for sightseeing. We were 5 minutes walk to Southwark station, 10 minute walk to the river ferry.  The staff were wonderful, no question was too hard. A special mention to Gergely in the Executive lounge. He was a mine of information in regards to sightseeing and transport. As well as being a lovely man to chat too  Our only complaint would be the beds and pillows. The bed was too hard (for me) and even after an extra pillowtop was put on the bed it was still too firm. The pillows were too soft. Again after asking for firmer pillows they were still too soft.  Overall a wonderful hotel with excellent staff.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or745-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very Modern Business Hotel with Good Location in Central London,"This very modern hotel has a good location just a short 5-10 minute walk from the Southwark underground train station.  The surrounding area has undergone extensive urban renewal with numerous renovated and new buildings, along with many hotels, bars, and restaurants.  Immediately adjacent to the hotel are 2 competing major supermarket chain store locations operating directly across the street from each other.  Both check-in and check-out was flawless by the professional and efficient staff.  I was assigned a king bedroom on the 7th floor.  The room was a very good size and clearly designed for the business traveler with a functional desk equipped with numerous electrical outlets, good lighting and an ergonomic chair. The Premium Wi-Fi (available free to Hilton Gold and Diamond…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic property and location, attention to detail and terrific staff!","My wife and I recently stayed at the Hilton Bankside Hotel on our vacation to London and could not have been happier with the experience.  Booking early and pre-paying secured our room of choice at a great rate.  Leading up to the stay, Luisa (Shift Leader) was so responsive and provided all of the information we needed to make sure our check-in experience went smoothly upon arrival (long overnight flight from the USA). The location, as mentioned in other reviews, provides easy access to grocery, coffee, food and transportation.   Also notable is what appears to be a successful effort at sound-proofing the hotel.  Once inside your room, very little sound from other rooms or the hallway makes its way to your ears...good sleep after long days of sightseeing is a welcome feature!…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Clean and great location,"I stayed at the Hilton Bankside while I was in London for a week, and I am happy to report that this hotel is as excellent as advertised. There's no way to prove that I'm not a robot or being paid for this review, but trust me when I say this hotel will meet your standards and is quite a deal.  The room was clean, the beds were decent, and the shower was actually nice and powerful which was a relief after long days of sightseeing.  There's a Tesco Express and a Sainsbury's less than ten steps from the hotel, and they're open until 10PM.  The nearest tube stop is Southwark, and while it is a good 15 minute walk from the door, the walk was bright and well lit and we (two American ladies) didn't feel remotely unsafe walking to the train after dark.  Tate Modern, Starbucks, the…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel fantastic staff & food,My husband booked The Hilton Bankside as a birthday present and tickets to Tina Turner the musical. We arrived just after midday and to our delight were able to check in and have a much needed shower - monsoon shower is fantastic. Large room with everything you need iron & board toiletries and hairdryer tea and coffee and shortbread. The staff were amazing we loved our stay and the location and will definitely return very soon!,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"Really couldn’t fault this hotel, great location - Easy to get everywhere we needed to with a nice walk along the embankment. Clean room with every comfortable bed after a long day! Very friendly and helpful staff and a fantastic breakfast to finish off our stay!",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or750-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel with a great cocktail bar,"Great service, nice rooms, convenient for local restaurants and convenience stores.  Cocktail bar is excellent and the staff are exceptionally helpful.  It is a short walk to the nearest tube and close to the Young Vic and Old Vic if you are going to the theatre.  Lots of restaurants in The Cut.  Very fresh feel to the hotel and the foyer is always nicely decorated with fresh flowers.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay at Hilton Bankside,"I was at the Hilton Bankside for 4 nights and loved it. I arrived early from a flight from Australia and while my room wasn’t ready, they led me to the shower and bathrooms connected to the pool which had everything I needed. I received a text 2 hours later letting me know my room was ready. The room itself was lovely and modern and the best part was the room was silent. The windows were sound proofed so for a light sleeper like me, it was a dream come true. Plus the rooms could be heated or cooled to your liking (unlike some hotels which set the temperature overnight) and the curtains blacked out the light. The staff were amazing without having to try hard or be excessive. The breakfast room service was great and drinks from the mini bar were included. I didn’t use near by…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very chic and modern hotel in the City Centre,"We stayed for 4 nights and had a great time thanks to the superb staff at this great location! All hotel employees were super-friendly and extremely helpful, no matter whether our concern was booking a tour or having our breakfast eggs being prepared in our favourite way.   Our room was spacious and modern with a huge bathroom and a very comfy king-sized bed. A bigger mirror in the living area to check your outfit would have been nice and it was not possible to blow-dry my hair in the bathroom in front of the mirror due to „security reasons“/no plug in the bathroom - but these were the only tiny downsides and easy to cope with.  The hotel is located perfectly and very close to two express supermarkets, the tube station, rental bikes and Tate Modern as well as River Thames and…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great location, new and modern hotel!","Stayed here for my first London trip and this hotel was beautiful. Its a newer Hilton London hotel in the Bankside area of London. Decent location about a 8 minute walk from the tube station and have great restaurants nearby.   Very walkable to most tourist destinations, close to Millenium Bridge and Tate Modern. Check in was very pleasant and efficient. Hotel has a beautiful lobby and the staff were friendly.  Rooms were spacious for London standard and very very MODERN which is what I like. The bathroom was very modern as well. Beds we VERY comfy! Best part of the hotel which I was shocked no one was using is the underground floor pool and hot tub. It was a beautiful heated pool with a jacuzzi and full bathroom with individual rainforest showers. I was shocked I was the only…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"I have stayed at many properties in London but chose this one for location. 5 Minute walk to Blackfriars Rail and Southwark Underground.  From here its 15 minute walk to Big Ben and Tower of London in the other direction. The room was very good and staff were great, we arrived very late and the staff recommended some great quick bites near by. Executive lounge was nice and had  a good selection. Breakfast was very comprehensive and had a great selection compared to most full service Hilton's.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or755-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice Modern Hotel Right Behind Tate Modern,The hotel was well maintained and looked really new. The check in staff and concierge were friendly and helpful. The deluxe room was nice in size and nicely decorated. The bathroom was very beautifully done up and spacious. It's a 5 minute walk to the underground station. The convenience stores just next to the hotel made it convenient to stock up. Overall a nice pleasant experience!,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Hotel, Good Location","Our best overall hotel experience in Europe. The staff, from the front desk and concierge, to the restaurant, to the room maintenance, were welcoming, courteous, helpful, and competent. Our standard King room was clean, large comfy bed, 2 closets, bathroom with large sink, and shower with both rain and hand shower heads. The heat/air conditioning was quiet and efficient, and the room itself was well insulated from any external noise (of which there seemed to be none). The breakfast buffet, which was included in our room package, was one of the best we have had.  Lots of variety and choice, fruit juices (especially the dark carrot and pomegranate blend), milks, coffees, teas, breads, pastries, hot and cold cereals with toppings, yogurts, chefs standing by for your egg and…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location to stay and fabulous wedding venue,"Stayed here for 2 nights and the location is excellent for the Tate Modern, St Paul’s, Borough Market, the Thames etc but we also attended a wedding here on our second day and the venue was excellent. Capacity for 500 guests and a beautiful wedding venue. There is a bar in the hotel that was great, and also a restaurant where we ate breakfast. (Breakfast was included in our tariff which was good, but like many hotels it lacked staff to get a spare knife or coffee etc. but otherwise good). Would recommend this for a great place to stay in London and also for any large capacity wedding venue.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One night stay but very happy ,"We stayed here for only one night but were very pleased with our decision to stay here. Staff are very friendly, the lobby has a great welcoming atmosphere and is clean, modern and bright. Rooms are large and beds very comfortable. Bathrooms well stocked with all necessities and are large and modern. Hotel is short 5 minute walk to Southwark tube station (jubilee line) and easily accessible via car or public transport. Downside is valet is £40 per day and there is limited parking. Aside from this, you can reach most of the attractions by foot or through public transport. Located in a quiet area in London which is  safe. Although this hotel is not in the heart of London we would stay here again. ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Disappointed ,We had a 3 night stay here and was very disappointed. When we arrived we went to check in and was asked to provide another £150 as a holding fee which I found very insulting considering I have stayed in much nicer and more expensive hotels and not had to pay this. £150 is a lot of money if you haven’t got it in your account! Luckily we do but for people not expecting it might have taken the shine of the weekend as you do not have access to the £150 until you check out. We tried to order room service on the first evening and ending up calling reception as the room service number was just calling out. Having said that when the food came it was very nice although very expensive for what we received my partner then tried to make himself a coffee however there was no coffee so we had…,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or760-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A perfect stay ,My husband and I stayed here overnight. The service is exceptional and staff are very friendly and accommodating. We had dinner and breakfast at the restaurant. We enjoyed both. Our room suited our needs perfectly. Special mention and thanks to Dylan who served our breakfast and went out of his way to provide us with a map and information for the places we wanted to see. Extra special mention and thanks to Andrei who went out of his way to find us a driver/taxi to show us the sights before taking us to Gatwick for our flight.  Many thanks to all staff. We highly recommend this hotel.  ,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Marvelous! ,"When you leave your home because you have to travel, you expect to stay in place that is at least as good as your home.  That’s how I felt about the Hilton London Bankside. The service was impeccable, the room was perfect, the breakfast was delicious and the wifi did work. Would definitely come back!",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bankside 5 star teeatment,"The hotel is amazing, best hotel I’ve stayed in in London. The rooms are very modern, and the hotel has a very cool, chilled atmosphere. The exec lounge if you’re Diamond is very cool and the food and drink is pretty fancy. The breakfast is AMAZING. I’ve never seen a selection like it and it is delicious. I’d stay there for the breakfast alone. Love everything about this place",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location and a generous happy hour,"We just finished an around the world cruise and the Hilton Bankside was a nice finish to the trip.  Very attentive staff, comfortable rooms and a great location near the Thames.  The Tate Modern is within minutes for art lovers.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bankside. Another Side of London.,"The hotel is in a great location for exploring along the Thames and the Tate Modern. As a Hilton Honors Diamond member I was upgraded to a beautiful suite which was stylishly and comfortably furnished. All members of staff we met, from front of house to waitstaff in the restaurant and lounge to housekeeping were exemplary, being both friendly and efficient. Afternoon tea and evening drinks and canapes in the Executive Club Lounge were generous and of a high standard. In fact, this was the best overall Club Lounge experience of our entire trip throughout the UK. Pre- stay emails were answered promptly and all requests granted. Great value for money.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or765-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Didn't meet the expectations,"After reading the reviews I really wanted to like this hotel and at the first look it was great indeed. The decor in the hotel is superb and the warm scent in the lobby really makes you feel welcome.  However, our problems started right when we entered our room. Both the premium wi-fi (free for HHonor members) and the free wi-fi were down and did not work properly in the first 24 hours.  As we arrived quite late we were hoping to get something from the room service but the in-room telephone was broken. After a visit to the reception we found out that a fix could take up to 20 minutes. Since we were tired we asked if we could get do this the following day as we just wanted to eat and sleep. Our request was noted but unfortunately we were still woken up at 8:30am by someone…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"8 nights- 2 different rooms, good but not great","Gold Hilton honor member- given a room on top floor-room 716. First impression- BAD. We were still recovering from jet lag- wanted to nap upon check in after shower. Surprised to see make-up stain on the duvet cover after we flipped it open. Informed front desk- sent house housekeeping promptly to change the cover.   Second issue: 716 is located on the corner, quiet room with small narrow window. The shower area made it impossible to enjoy our stay. After the 4th night, we asked for a change of room- to have bathtub or anything else but not those that come in deluxe room( just as 716). The shower area always overflow because it has a very shallow floor and about half foot above the bathroom floor! How weird! When I asked to change the room, I was told the management aware of…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday Weekend,"Just had a wonderful weekend celebrating my wife’s birthday at the Hilton Bankside. The service is second to none which began from my initial emails and continued all the way to checking out. The rooms are beautifully designed and possibly the most comfiest bed I’ve ever slept in. The shower is a sight to behold. Breakfast was plentiful and of high quality, all in stunning surroundings. The hotel is in a perfect position on the Southbank and an ideal base. A wonderful hotel and wonderful staff made this a perfect weekend. We will be back.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Above and beyond service!!,I had a wonderful experience here. I was supposed to stay one night on business but it turned into 2 nights when my flight was cancelled.  Mark the Concierge went above and beyond to help me try to get through to the airline to rebook my flight.  He was compassionate and showed me a great deal of kindness. He also offered some great suggestions on how to spend my unexpected day in London!  There was also another women who was extremely helpful but I didn’t get her name.  I had an excellent service experience which was very much appreciated!,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Location, efficiency and great food",Stayed a couple nights on recent business trip.  Short walk to the Thames and Covent Garden.  Rooms were very well equipped for the modern traveller.  The attached restaurant was surprisingly good for dinner and breakfast was simply fantastic.,Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or770-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Location ,"Stayed one night , as gold members we were upgraded to an executive room. All the staff were friendly and helpful.  Executive lounge was nice but we had a lovely breakfast in the restaurant, lots of choice and the chefs were happy to make whatever you wanted. My daughter is coeliac and they were happy to separately toast her GF bread .  The pool was lovely . Nice clean , new hotel in a great area . ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay,"Stayed in quite a few Hilton Hotels in London; the Bankside Hitel is by far the BEST we have stayed in. As a Hilton Honours member ( there are different levels); you are entitled to number of benefits ( check it out - on line book in, selection of room, in room extras etc). This hotel is modern, spacious. In the basement there is a gym and swimming pool. Large public spaces; a gin bar; the breakfast room is spacious, tables are well spaced out. The choice and quality of food is astonishing, regularly replenished: cereals, fruit juices;  full English breakfast; omelette cooked to your request; eggs Benedict, scrambled  etc. Pastries, of all sorts, teas ( speciality ones) coffees etc. The quality of the food, the surroundings are excellent. Makes a great start to the day. To…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb hotel,"We loved this hotel, by far one of the best we have ever stayed in. We arrived early but were still given a room very quickly. The room was spacious and comfortable with everything you’d need. The bed was huge with luxurious bedding. The bathroom was modern, lovely shower and spotlessly clean. Every member of staff we spoke to were friendly, polite and professional, nothing was too much trouble. The restaurant is fabulous. Breakfast is amazing, so much choice, and the chef made me a delicious omelette in just a few minutes. The evening menu is superb, fantastic tasting food using the best ingredients. We ate at The Shard one night, for twice the price, and I’d say the Bankside’s food was better. Can’t wait to stay here again. ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel!,"The location is fantastic and the staff is so friendly and welcoming. Our room was very comfortable and quiet, which is very important for us. The light switches were a little confusing to work but other than that I would highly recommend staying here ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Solid Hilton property offering the business traveler all one could need,"Spent 2 nights here while attending a conference within walking distance of the hotel.  Good location for businesses or venues located in that part of London.  Room was spacious, well-appointed and modern.  I particularly enjoyed the Executive Club, great breakfast buffet and grill options, as well as the health & wellness area.  There are plenty of restaurants and mini-supermarkets right around the hotel, so plenty of options to self-cater if so desired.  Bottom-line, a good all-round hotel carrying-on the Hilton quality consistency one expects of a well-run property, and exactly what I needed during this particular visit to London.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or775-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great staff in a well communicated and off the beaten path London location. ","This is a really good modern hotel with great amenities and in a very good location with fantastic staff. - Location - 10 mins walk to the Southbank subway station and 5 mins walk to the Tate Museum. Lots of restaurants and shops nearby and a very safe area. - Amenities - beautiful swimming pool with hot tub that opens long hours. - Staff - they are great, extremely friendly. Check in and check out process was very easy. - Room - very comfortable, great beds, with everything you need. Beautiful bathroom. Very clean. Our room didn’t have a great view - we were looking at a wall. I would have liked to be given a choice of a better view, but that is the only thing that could have been improved of our stay, everything else was perfect.  I would definitely stay there again!  ",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great locations and friendly staffs. ,"Only stay for 1 night for Saturday leisure. Great location close by all major attractions, the Shard, Borough Market, Tate modern or Shakespeare's. Indoor swimming pool is great especially in London area hotels! Only wish their jacuzzi is separated from the pool with hot water. The turn around service was  attention to details! ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton at its best.,"Travelled  into London, accompanying my wife to a trade event. The Bankside Hilton was the event venue and we were pleased to be staying  so close. Check-in  and reception was flawless, if a wee bit over-exuberant, we received an upgrade that included a small suite, executive lounge etc. Gold status pays.   The suite was lovely, very well appointed and spotless. The view wasn't  too flash but we weren't  on holiday. As usual, the executive lounge was very nice with all the usual stuff, formal afternoon tea, pre-dinner  drinks and canape and a decent breakfast selection. The hotel location is excellent, just behind the Tate Modern and across the Thames  from St Paul's, ideal for a bit of touristing, Southwark  tube station is around the corner and Waterloo about 10mins walk away.…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Awesome hotel (and Dylan),"Had a great stay last week at the Hilton bankside. Service, rooms and breakfast were all fantastic. However, I must give a special mention to Dylan at breakfast. His service was phenomenal. He went the extra mile for everyone around him and should be the gold standard for all Hilton hotels! Hopefully he will receive some sort of recognition for this as he deserves it. ",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Unbeatable Stay,"Spent a long weekend here over Bank Holiday and everything was OUTSTANDING. The room, bed, executive lounge and restaurant are first class and the best thing is the staff. We walked everywhere from the hotel to see the sites of London as the location was very central. Hard to beat and we will be returning soon - Thanks Hilton Bankside for this experience.",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or780-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice service,"I stayed at the Hilton Bankside a few weeks ago and just want to mention the very friendly and helpful staff member at breakfast Dylan Hiele, he went out of his way to pack up the food we had ordered as I was in a bit of a hurry to check out.  This hotel is in a great location, clean and very helpful staff.",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,An unexpected positive buzz.,"Location This is not my most favoured location in London, but it has lots to offer. The area has a buzz to it, and there are many places to eat within 20 minutes of walking, including some well-known restaurants. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Southwark Underground Station and a similar walk to the Thames. The Tate Modern, Borough Market, The Shard, Globe Theatre, London Eye and St Paul’s Cathedral are all within easy walking distance.  Check-in and out Efficient and friendly. No issues at all.   Public rooms Chic, comfort and a great ambience. It certainly appeals to a young business crowd and I didn’t feel out of place. I didn’t dine in Oxbo, but I had drinks and lunch at The Distillery – the staff, food and drinks were notably good. The place has a great vibe.  Leisure…",Date of stay: May 2018,5.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hard to believe it keeps getting better - outstanding ,"Just returned to Los Angeles having spent 15 nights at the Hilton London Bankside - and it was outstanding! If I could, I would have awarded the hotel 6 stars based on the combination of the standard of the accommodation and the staff. This was my fourth stay at this hotel and from the moment I arrived to the moment I left, I felt special - which I confess I appreciate, especially having just flown half way around the world to get there.   John and Mark who provide the concierge service go out of there way to help you any way they can and are full of suggestions, some of which you may not of thought of. Anneke who leads the reception team makes sure your room is fully supplied with everything you need, and should you need anything else, magically makes it appear in no time at…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Worth every cent,"Many places may exceed your expectations, but it is easy to simply offer lots of amenities, high level service paying also a lot for it. What you may find here is all of that for a reasonable price, and this is what makes this Hilton property simply wonderful. Of course, the tube station is not really that close to the hotel but it's nothing so bad considering the other good points they offer. Location is still good, just close to the Tate Modern, not far from Borough Market. Rooms are quiet, well planned and comfortable enough for a wonderful rest after going through the city. There is a nice swimming pool in the basement which may extend your wellness session. We have stayed in an Executive room, this type of room gives you access to the Executive Lounge where you can enjoy…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside sets the standard for how Hilton hotels in the United States should be like,"My family and I had a wonderful stay at Hilton Bankside.  We were upgraded when we checked in (Diamond).  The room was impeccable.  The lounge serves really good afternoon tea and food, although we didn't really spend a lot of time in there. Breakfast was better than most of the Hilton hotels I have been to in the US.  The only minor complaint I have for the hotel is that their whirlpool is connected to the swimming pool, therefore it's cold water, which I find odd.  But everything else about this hotel is amazing.  I am impressed because I am comparing this hotel to my experiences with other Hilton hotels in the US, which are often disappointing.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or785-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Poor accuracy,"I was not given the right room and left me with no alternatives, otherwise decent hotel but staff didn’t empathize. The location is ok as well but nothing to write home about. Would not be my first choice ",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding! ,"Stayed here early December (been meaning to write a review since...!)  Picked this hotel based on the location, we were heading to see Jamiroquai at The O2 for the evening so perfect for the Jubilee line...and also from the rave reviews on here. We opted for one of the Executive Rooms and it was so worth it.   We were not disappointed. What an outstanding hotel in every sense. The super attentive staff, the contemporary design and quirky touches, the fabulous rooms and super comfy beds, the gin bar, the selection for breakfast, the Executive Lounge....the list goes on.   Just loved every moment of staying here and we can’t wait to return this coming weekend, for 2 nights this time.   Our new fav hotel in London...whoever would have thought it would have been a Hilton! A credit…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Located in the trendy Southwark district, this hotel is top notch.  It’s very modern with all the perfect bits of a great hotel.  From the super helpful concierges who we bothered incessantly for information to the special touches like truffles left in our room one night and the cheese, fruit and crackers left another night, all was basically perfect.  And the location is quite convenient being just a short walk to the Tate Modern, Shakespeare’s Globe and Saint Paul’s Cathedral directly across the Thames over the Millennium Bridge.  I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,"Spent a week here while working across the river.  This is a top notch hotel with great facilities and customer service.  We used the restaurant, workout room and pool, all were excellent.  The front desk and concierge were most helpful and always with a smile and hello.  Location couldn’t be better near the Tate Modern, river and Millennium bridge.  Also found the Brough Market, a farmers market on steroids, a must visit if you have time.  Will be staying here in the future.   ",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good Location and Service,"The hotel is centrally located, about 7 minutes walk from the London Bridge Station, My room faced another building, hence most of the time I had my curtain closed. The room was pretty small. There was bedside socket and the bed was comfortable. There was a limitation on the number of devices that can connect to the Internet for free. The gym was small. The breakfast was of good quality and the service was good.",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or790-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Amazing stay, great hotel","I stayed in a twin room for my 21st Birthday with a friend for two nights over the weekend. All of the staff were so friendly and helpful, it was nice that every staff member you walked past acknowledged you! The room was spacious and probably the cleanest I have ever visited. Lovely modern interior in the rooms and around the hotel. It was also great to have a special touch of receiving a welcome card and a dessert delivered up to the room wishing me a happy birthday! I don’t think I would even consider staying in another hotel in London after the great service I received at the Hilton Bankside! The hotel is also very close to Southwark tube station which made travelling very easy! I look forward to visiting one day again in the future!",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel,Nice and quiet hotel near the Waterloo Underground station. Had my room facing a big brick wall but still nice and cosy. very nice breakfast room with lots of variety to choose from. lots of meeting spaces as well - to whom it may be relevant.,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Leaving the county.... farewell lunch ,"Our buddy is leaving the country. Bad times. It’s sad. However...... as a positive, we have loads of events ahead of us. Some family occasions, some work colleagues, some friends on a massive session. It’s sad but we will make the most of this situation! To start the took the close family friends to the Hilton on great Suffolk Street for the all you can drink prosecco brunch. I had thought it would fall short as all the “all you can eat” stuff normally does but to be fair.... we all really enjoyed it.  16 of us were here, losing a couple along the way. The food was good. Far better than expected. Unusually the bottomless prosecco really was just that. It kept flowing whenever we needed a refill.   Kamal, the assistant manager was by far the most outstanding contribution to the…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in the heart of the city,"The best thing about this hotel is the wonderful service that the staff in every area of the hotel provide.  We have stayed here several times and will returning soon.  The welcome at check in from Eirini was warm and genuine and she made sure that our family who joined us for the weekend were allocated rooms on the same floor.  The restaurant staff at breakfast and dinner were friendly and attentive and the cleaning staff excellent.  Highly recommend this hotel, happy hour in the lovely Distillery bar is an excellent bonus!",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,For one night only.....but what a night!,"My husband booked this hotel for my birthday. On arrival we were upgraded to the executive suite which was amazing. Lovely spacious room with the most amazing bed - the duvet & pillows, I was sure, were made of marshmallow, I just melted into it.  The bathroom had a super power shower with jets.  We checked out the executive lounge facilities and found a fantastic selection of bagels, cakes & drinks.  A chocolate cake had been left in our room with Happy Birthday written on it, very nice touch.  We dined at the Oxo tower, which is about a 10 minute walk from the hotel.  Heading back to our room after our meal, the sheets had been turned down, bottles of water & slippers by the bed, music playing some chill out tracks - as if Father Christmas himself had been - and it was snowing…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or795-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Slipping service standards in executive lounge,"Having stayed on many occasions the standard of the lounge is extremely good much down to the work of Gergely.  However, much of this was undone in the evening pre dinner drinks in the evening.  The staff were topping up the drinks etc but then disappeared for lengthy periods allowing used glasses and plates to accumulate on the tables.  There was no sign of any of the executive lounge management which probably contributed to the slipshod service.  Don’t let your service in a small area of the hotel detract from an otherwise splendid stay.",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Very satisfied with the hotel. The only draw back was that we got a handicap room, witch we didn't need. We could have asked to change room, but arrived at midnight and was to tired. We think at least the bathroom would have been better if it was not wheelchair customized.   The breakfast was great, the cleaning was perfect and the stab was very polite and helpful.   We stayed for 4 nights, and might come back. Recommends the hotel to everyone.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic :) It lived up to expectations ,"I thoroughly recommend this hotel. The staff were noticeably friendly which makes a real difference. The room was nicely decorated and the shower was hot and powerful. The pool was lovely and not over crowded at all. The hotel restaurant had a nice atmosphere and tasty food. In terms of room for improvement it was a few minor things that would not stop us visiting again. Our view was of another building. The light switch system was a bit odd as you couldn’t turn just one light on at a time and there was no bath. There were also no baked beans at breakfast and there was no mini bar in the room, just water and tea sachets etc With all that said we had a great stay, thank you. ",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton Experience-Diamond Member  ,"Definitely the best Hilton we have stayed at, in terms of customer service from all staff. Very clean, great scent & deco.   location is ideal for city with good access and parking.  Executive lounge is on point.    High standards on par with Dubai & Vegas!! ",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Met all expectations and beyond ,We read lots of review and because there’s so many to choose from we had a tough time finalizing in one but we decided on Hilton Bankside because of the raving reviews. We were worried we might be let down but we were not!   We arrived early and could check in straight away which is such a plus point because we were going for a musical. The moment u enter the room it felt kinda small but once you realize the hidden cupboards and etc... it’s really quite spacious! We took the guest room which is their smallest. We thought if it’s too small we will upgrade when we are there but after we unpacked everything (one big and one small luggage) we were still happy with the space!  The king size bed is so good to just stay in and recuperate! The toilet is really quite big and modern an we…,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or800-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A lot to offer,"Was recommended to try this hotel by my son who stayed here 3 months ago. The location is good near to the Embankment, and not far from Tower Bridge, and the lovely walk from the London Eye to Tower Bridge. Very modern reception area and swift efficient check-in. Exec Lounge excellent and pleasingly furnished. My Exec Room spacious and with a super bathroom with a very efficient shower. The walls in the room mostly wooden panelled which gives a slightly gloomy experience: would have been better in a light colour. Nevertheless, room otherwise super but with limited views from the floor to ceiling windows. Food first class both for breakfast and evening meal. A feature of the hotel are the friendly staff who go that extra mile to provide polite, friendly, efficient service. This…",Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazingly quiet and high quality hotel in London - breakfast is best we've had and the pool has wow factor!,"We loved our stay at the Hilton, it is extremely high quality, clean, luxurious, and very quiet.  Attention to detail is great too, with a call when we arrived in the room to check everything was okay, and then the room prepared for bedtime by staff when we were enjoying the pool.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great neighborhood.,"Built just a few years ago, this Hilton and its employees will welcome you with open arms. Quality from beginning to end, and I can't say enough about the breakfast. And make sure you stop in the Oxbo bar, the bartenders there are some of the greatest. Engaging and creative, maybe they will invent a drink for you.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"What a great hotel, the staff are brilliant, nothing is too much trouble. Best service in a hotel I have had anywhere I have stayed in the world. My friend and I stayed in a twin deluxe room. Spotless, and they have thought of everything you need. This Hotel proved to be a pleasant surprise to our girlie weekend. ",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Just excellent in every way!,"Stayed one night whilst in London for an anniversary dinner.  We loved this Hotel - from the very friendly lady on Reception when we checked it, to the very comfortable room and fabulous shower, to the very good choice offered in the Executive Lounge - we will definitely stay here again when next in London.  One little touch which I really appreciated were the empty shelves in the bathroom where you can store your make-up and washing kit - I don't think I have ever seen this in a Hotel before and it makes such a different not to have to leave everything out on the counter top!  Yes, the valet parking is a little expensive but in my opinion it is worth it to avoid the hassle of finding parking yourself.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or805-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful London Base - Alan and Barbara,"This was our third stay at Hilton London Bankside, over the last two years. The hotel is one of the best we have stayed in.The staff have always been friendly and helpful, in particular John Korteray and Mark Kis, the conceirges, who go out of their way to answer any questions or queries, even those outside their area. The breakfasts are definitely the best and chef Ali Onally,  who has a fantastic memory for faces, together with his colleague, always have a warm smile and friendly greeting, whilst at the same time cooking amazing omelettes and egg dishes.  Ali is the face of the hotel at breakfast and does a wonderful job of ensuring everyone is happy. The location near the Tate Modern is handy with tube stations Southwark and Waterloo five minutes away, and London Bridge and…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another brilliant stay!,"This time we decided to upgrade to the suite and the lounge access. I was a little cautious about this due to the added expence but it was definitely worth it. The suite is perfect! The bed is super comfortable and the bathroom beautiful. The lounge access entitles you breakfast in the morning, canopes at 3-5 and then coctails from 5.30 - 8.00 all free of charge. Its a lovely lounge to unwind in from the busy streets and the waiting staff is fantastic. Still waiting to find something wrong with this hotel and i dont think I ever will",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Second stay,"We received a lovely welcome at Reception as the member of staff noted that this was our second stay.  Once again, the staff who work here were exceptional and are one of the main reasons why I'd choose to return here time and again.  We only went for the 'standard' room this time, and although excellent, wasn't as good as my previous stay.  We had a view of a wall which was a little disappointing, and the bed wasn't very comfortable, but I'm going to assume this is a one off as I had a perfectly good sleep on my first visit.  It's definitely my go-to hotel for any future London stays.  You just cannot beat the service you receive here.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hilton ,"We stayed here one night and loved it. The bed was really comfortable, my only issue was the pillows aren’t as firm as I like. The bathroom was spotless and looks like new and the shower had good water pressure. Really great decor and the lobby is beautiful. We had some drinks at the gin bar, it has a nice atmosphere but was a little expensive maybe. We didn’t try the breakfast but the hotel is in a great location for exploring the south bank. One of the nicest Hilton’s I’ve stayed at. ",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,nice stay,"Very nice hotel, clean , quit rooms, good service, i would recomand to anyone, I was very satisfied!! Very nice chec in and check out- friendly team. Soon i will be back !! One of the nicest experieces i ever had.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or810-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel for families who need connecting/family rooms.,"The Hilton Bankside was the perfect hotel for our family on this trip.  Our sons are 15 and 13, and the connecting/family rooms worked very well in terms of comfort, space, and privacy for everyone.  One room had a king bed with a private bath, and the kids' room had two single beds with another bath.  The hotel staff was also top notch from beginning to end.  We would highly recommend this hotel for families visiting London.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Honors members-Look elsewhere in London,"This is a nice hotel from the lobby up. The rooms are new and clean. Unfortunately, having been a Hilton Honors member since 2005, and having received every advantage of being so at other hotels, all I have heard since arrival are reasons why it will do me no good here (my Gold status) and why Diamond members are so much more important than Gold and therefore come first. I have never experienced this anywhere else and I have stayed at MANY Hilton brands. I was offered an upgrade in order to enjoy my “perks”, but at a cost to me of an additional approx $300.00 per night, per room for a required upgrade (I have two rooms so about $1800.00 more for three nights!) I would suggest you try one of the other many Hilton brands while in London. I suppose if your not a Hilton Honors…",Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Awesome Hotel and a Great Value,"We had a lovely stay at Hilton Bankside. The location was exactly what we wanted, a quick subway stop or 20 minute walk to major tourist attractions, which we did during the day. And also surrounded by many foodie restaurants near Borough market and Bermondsey Street which we could walk to in 5-10 minutes when we were exhausted in the evening. The hotel is new and modern with most every amenity and a super nice staff.   Our only few complaints were that the beautiful pool and spa lacked a steam or sauna despite having the space for it and that the “hot tub” was actually just a bunch of jets at the same temperature as the pool. Although a hotel is not required to have a hot tub to obtain 5 stars it was a major disappointment at the end of cold freezing rainy days to not be able…",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Awesome hotel with a great bar!,"Stayed there a couple of nights traveling solo. The hotel’s distillery bar is an amazing spot that I can not recommend enough, the drinks selection will suit the the pickiest of drinkers and the staff are fun, knowledgeable and helpful. A special shout out goes to Liana, Justas, Kristina and Alex who served me up with a wide selection of guns and kept me entertained throughout the evening.",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant!,"Was in London for business and the office put me up at the Bankside. I've had the pleasure of staying at other Hiltons, but this one truly excelled in service and style. I was greeted by every person from the doorway to the front desk, in a manner that never felt forced. Check in was a breeze and they stored my bag so that I could wander around until my room was ready (It was quite early). It was less than an hour later, and 4 hours before check in that I received a text from Max that my room was ready. Room was nicely done, a tad small, but I expect that in any city setting (not like the dorm room size you find in NYC). Had dinner downstairs - excellent and stopped at the bar for a nightcap. The bartenders were...artists. This is the type of bar that has a signature style that…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or815-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Disappointed,"Was expecting a high caliber five star hotel. Was disappointed. The hotel is new but didn't give the feeling of a five star hotel. I would say it is a nice four star hotel. If considered as a four star hotel, it is fine",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful Hotel, OK Stay Overall","The hotel itself is physically beautiful and definitely falls into the 5-star ranking. Service wise though, I would say it is 3.5 stars at best. In terms of HHonor Gold benefits, they deliver exactly what is written but nothing else and definitely do not go above and beyond that.   Checking in, we had been told we were ""upgraded"" but not really sure what that meant since after arriving in our room, it looked exactly like a standard King room which made me wonder what the room I had booked looked like. Heck, after looking at the pictures, it seems that most king rooms have a day bed next to the window(s) when we definitely did not and had only two small window panes to look out of. Furthermore, after inquiring as to Lounge Access and even when we mentioned we would be more then…",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Family Drinks,Popped in here for a few drinks before leaving london.  Service was pretty good.  Not the cheapest place but that way there is no trouble or undesireables hanging about.  We had some food which came out quick and was nice enough. ,Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stay away from this hotel,Have booked room with City view. Take a look at our pictures from our room 444 and decide for yourself!We also had a room including breakfast. On our last Day we had to leave at 6 am to catch our plane. Breakfast is from 6 am. The evening before we asked if possible to get breakfast in the room at 5.30 am. It was and we booked breakfast for only 1 person as did not want to cause any inconveneince (we are 3 persons). The breakfast delivered was poor and e.i the Bread Rolls we ordered was not delivered. On our Way to Gatwick we received an extra Bill for breakfast. Have stayed in other 5 Stars also leaving early and they do not charge breakfast when included and when not open early. Well that combined with this so called “City view” give the conclusion: STAY AWAY from this hotel.…,Date of stay: April 2018,2.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good staff but does not live up to the hype,"The hotel is ok. Staff respond to requests and are very friendly and helpful. But with all the poetics being waxed about on FlyerTalk was expecting way more. Yes, I know it’s prob  because I’m just a puny gold member ... We get free breakfast and quite a free minibar. But don’t get too excited - the minibar is actually two bottles of water, one bottle of coke and one Diet Coke. Technically the bottled water is standard issue room free so all u get extra are two cokes - really?  Also, would be nice to have a coffee maker in the room ... if you stay and are fond of coffee ... what the raving reviews don’t tell you is you need your own coffee maker ... Lastly, location is a bit far off unless you count Tate. Other than that a good hotel.   I’m a bit disappointed. Next time, i will…",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or820-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Expected so much more,"We were very much looking forward to our stay at Hilton Bankside, and had high expectations. I’ve visited London many times before, but this was the third time with my teenage daughter. Our previous stays has been at smaller boutique hotels, with excellent service and staff smalltalking to us, giving us the feeling of being home away from home.  I called Hilton Bankside a week or so before my stay, requesting a quiet room on a higher floor. The man I spoke to, confirmed this. I considered ordering breakfast too, so I asked if they had gluten-free options, but he couldn’t give me an answere. He set me over to the kitchen staff, but after waiting for a long time, I gave up.  Upon arrival, we got a room on the first floor. I told about the request and confirmation of a room higher…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Pleasantly Surprised,I was a little worried staying over in this area of London but boy was I surprised. The hotel was out of this world!!  From the moment you walk into the lobby its 5* The hotel/rooms/staff are brilliant.  Its less than a 10min walk from the tube and easy distance of The Shard/Tower Bridge and lots of places to eat and do something.  Will definately be back,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My home away from home,"I've come to London on-and-off for the last 6 months and I have only stayed at this hotel. It's a great location - close to the City of London and a stone's throw away to some of the most interesting spots in London (Bourough Market, Tate Modern etc). Even though I'm primarily here for business, when I stay over the weekend with my husband, we both refuse to leave!  Mainly, we keep coming back for the great service from the staff all around. As soon as we arrive, the greeters are right there asking if they can help. I've often seen them run after cabs for guests and I know I'm always in good hands with them when I'm in a rush.   Guest services is very accomodating. Individuals, like Luisa, try to make things work for me all the time when my schedule changes. You honestly just…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Three days in London ,Stayed at the Bankside Hilton for our last three days of our tour. Mark at the front desk went above and beyond giving us places to eat and explore. Even took us outside to give us exact directions to places to see,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,BEST Hotel in London,"I have previously reviewed this hotel as I stay here often for work, but having recently had a long weekend for my Grandmother’s birthday I felt I had to write another in recognition of the incredible service we received from staff throughout the weekend. My grandmother kept saying she felt like the queen due to the attentiveness of staff and their assistance in arranging things before hand was second to none.  If you are looking for a hotel for celebrating a special occasion or simply where you will be looked after like family this is the place to stay.   Prior to our stay I had been in contact with the hotel to arrange for flowers to be delivered to my grandmothers room. Liz Thompson was incredibly helpful in the initial planning stages and really fast to reply to emails. Ana…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or825-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,my new favourite hotel,"lets start with check in  quick and simple non of that waiting for IT or staff to pay attention couldn't have been better,   First Impressions of room Average it had a bed, wet room (I'd requested an accessible room)  and a TV  So did think why the 5 stars  but you soon see the attention to detail that makes the difference quite simply the comfiest bed I've ever slept in, I was thrown a bit with the tv sound going int o the bathroom as well but a neat idea,   WiFi now this I had a problem with Free WiFi so clicked on complimentary WiFi but I think this was my error if you stay here click Guest WiFi as the complimentary only lasts 24hrs yet didn't disconnect me afterwards so no matter where I was in London I was connected to Hilton Honors wifi so struggled to use any other Wifi …",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Convenient to the Tate Modern,"What made my stay here memorable was the X-mas stocking surprise hanging on our doorknob on Christmas day.  I thought it was a nice touch. Also, I mistakenly booked a room for someone with disability.  This was pointed out to me at check-in but i kept the room. It's nice to know that there is an accessible room catered to that population in the hotel.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The PERFCETION in LONDON,"This is the BEST HILTON Hotel I've been staying in Europe, would even say one of the best Hotel in this category that I've been staying in Europe since a very long time  Very outstanding staff, management, area (close to everything) , rooms (design industrial), executive lounge (incredible space, cocktail), pool & gym are amazing, housekeeping staff and the breakfast at the restaurant is fantastic .... - . I'm travelling a lot and had barely met this level of excellence ! Go there you won't be disappointed - The perfection in London !",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay in London!!!,"Our first time in Hilton Bankside, but surely not the last one. Great thanks to Amine at the check-in desk for the first class service!!!.  Breakfast was sublime, never seen such a choice of fine food. Room was spacious and very clean. See you next time!!!",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice experience,"We enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Bankside ! Great design of lobby, restaurant and bar. The design of the room and bathroom is a mix of modern and cosy, thanks to beautiful choice of materials and light elements and expertise in finishings.   Situated near the Tate it is very convenient. We even walked to Soho in the evening along the Thames (37 minutes).   The breakfast was a real pleasure : so much choice, fresh prepared eggs in all varieties, pancakes... I've been to many hotels but this was very very nice.   Valet car service was perfect and so convenient.  But above all the very friendly and discreet staff made it a relaxing stay. ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or830-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great cocktail bar,"We really enjoyed this Hilton, modern and contemporary with great rooms. The location is OK, with Southwark tube about a 5 mins walk. A great pool and Gym downstairs. The staff were lovely and we particularly enjoyed great cocktails served by Liana in the Distillery Bar 🍸",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel,"This hotel is in an amazing location in London very close to the main attractions.  The room is stylish, modern and clean. The bathroom was amazing and loved the shower. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The restaurant downstairs was also very nice and the food was delicious. It was also a decent price for the meal!  Would definitely recommend to anyone!",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,First Class,"This is a very pleasant hotel, ideally located away from the noise and crowds in the West End. We found our room to be very comfortable, quiet, cleaned to a high standard and very well equipped.  The efficiency and helpfulness of the staff throughout the hotel was very noticeable, from the Front Desk, Housekeeping, Distillery Bar and the Breakfast staff. And the Breakfast has got to be one of the best in London. There is a huge choice for everyone, special thanks to Chefs Ali and Royston. How do keep your scrambled egg so creamy? Every other hotel always manages to serve it curdled and separated. The hotel was full, but there was no waiting for anything. At check out, again no waiting. We all know what we expect from a hotel stay, this hotel went way beyond our expectations.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good but not excellent,"The hotel itself is great. The rooms were clean and fresh and the breakfast are amazing with a lot of choices. The downside for me was that I was hoping for a room upgrade as a gold honors but nothing happend, which is a shame.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Quiet, comfortable stay","Good location, decent size room, helpful staff. Our room looked straight into other building and no sky visible but it was quiet and comfortable. I would have liked a bath (don’t know if there are any rooms with one) but the shower was great. My request for extra tea and milk sachets was responded to immediately. Overall a very nice hotel.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or835-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,"Beautifully designed rooms. We booked an executive double and it was well worth it . The room was large, modern, well soundproofed, gorgeous bathroom with separate shower and we had access to the executive lounge . I have stayed in many London hotels and in terms of value for money and comforts this is close to the top.  Breakfasts had a large choice of hot and cold selection. We ate dinner in the hotel one evening and it surprised us how good the quality was. Highly recommend this place.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hiltons in the entire chain,"I am quite the Hilton loyalist, but I'll admit that not all Hilton properties are that great. Some are old, some feel cheap, some are in rough neighborhoods, but I stick with them for various reasons. This location - the Bankside - is hands down one of the best, if not best, Hilton properties I have ever stayed at.  The service is phenomenal and beyond helpful. The rooms are very dark, very quiet, and the bed is the most comfortable hotel bed I've personally ever slept in. The lounge and restaurant and bar are very quality for an in-hotel experience. Definitely stop by the bar and have a bespoke cocktail and go to breakfast in the Oxbo.  We used the gym in the basement, but after seeing the pool, we wish we would have brought our swim suits. Quite romantic down there.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best Hilton  in London,"I have just spent another great stay in the Hilton Bankside, and it just keeps getting better. A good location, great rooms, superb breakfast and lovely executive lounge. What more could you ask for. I have stayed in a lot of Hiltons in London and this is the one that gets my vote for number one. Stand out thanks to Cem who sorted out my room for me, superb service",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Average at best,"This is a fairly new hotel and is quite modern for London. The location is ok but it is not in a great tourist area like some reviewers seem to portray, so we were disappointed with location. This trip was for our 30th wedding anniversary, the checkin clerk could not have cared less and we received no recognition for our milestone. We were booked for an executive room with access to the executive lounge. First the room, on checkin we were told the room allocated was the only one available was on floor one, it was the darkest room we have ever experienced. The walls are dark with no art work or mirrors at all, it was like a dungeon. We were told we could be moved if another room became available in the next days but we could pay to upgrade, how convenient. The bathroom was…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"We were 2 couples in 2 rooms. Our request for rooms together was honoured.  The hotel is very new and beautifully decorated, rooms are very spacious with all the amenities you would expect from a 5 star hotel.  The bathroom is lovely with a walk in shower. Breakfast was very good with an excellent selection. All staff from the doorman to house keeping are very polite and courteous.  There are no views from the rooms literally just a brick wall but we were expecting this and the hotel rooms more than make up for this.  The hotel is in a good location with Southwark tube just a couple of minutes away.  The Shard is only a 10 minute walk.  We will definitely be returning to this hotel. Thanks Hilton Bankside! ",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or840-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another fantastic stay!,"We absolutely love the Hilton London Bankside. We come to London every year and we choose this property as our home away from home. We stayed for a long weekend in the beginning of March and once again, we were thoroughly impressed! This property has loads of style and ambiance. Very chic modern. From the front desk, to housekeeping, bar to executive lounge, staff is on point and they truly aim to please. We had a slight hiccup with bedding this year but it was rectified promptly and we were comped drinks in their lovey Distillery Bar. As I said before, the staff go above and beyond to make sure your stay is everything you expect and more. Location is also spot on! Bankside area is super hip and trendy and there is lots to see and do around the hotel. If you are looking for a…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Simply The Best,"Having managed to get an early flight in to London on Friday, before the snow storm came, I arrived as a bedraggled frozen traveller.  I was warmly greeted by Natasha at the Hilton Hons desk.  She welcomed me and informed me that I had been upgraded to a One Room Suite, with access to the Executive Lounge.  How wonderful.  After a speedy check in I was on my way to my room.  What a very professional Front Desk Team! The room was fabulous.  The fixtures and fittings are of the highest quality, leaving you feeling that you are staying in a good friend's expensive London pad.  The air con works, the mini-bar is stocked with free soft drinks and snacks, the bathroom has a wonderful walk in rain shower - I could go on and on.  Lastly the room was quiet and the bed was so very…",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very Nice Hotel,"Relatively newly built, this is a very nice, modern and comfortable Hilton with a “homey” feeling. Staff is very attentive and service minded. The app check-in feature is really cooler allowing you to choose your room prior to arrivals and even order amenities and drinks prior to arrival. Can warmly recommend.",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. Our room was perfect, the bed extremely comfortable with the best pillows by far I've had in a hotel and the room was super quiet. We had the bottomless brunch at the Oxbo restaurant, which was excellent. My only gripe was the hot selection at breakfast. The containers did not keep the food hot and were extremely fiddly to handle whilst juggling a plate as well. A big shoutout to Juan who was exceptionally helpful and polite. A credit to the hotel. I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location and staff,"I stayed here for mix of biz and personal travel.  7 days, starting Feb 7th, 2018. *The property was modern and in excellent condition.   *The staff were were all helpful and friendly.  I especially appreciated the help of Mark, who coordinated getting a coat sent to me in the States. I accidentally left it in the room when I checked out.  Also special recognition to Giacomo, a bartender who makes a killer Corpse Reviver! *Breakfast upgrade is absolutely worth the price. Quality and variety in the offerings.  *Location- Less than 5 minute walk to the Tate Modern where you can spend an entire day easily and The Globe Theater.  Short walk to some really excellent restaurants.  A few of our favorites were Baltic, Bala Baya, and Gordon Ramsay's Union Street Cafe (I I know he comes…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or845-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Welcoming with Excellent customer service ,"I discovered the hotel after visiting the restaurant OXBO for Sunday brunch.. amazing btw. Hotel has a Lovely feel, luxurious and modern without being too pretentious. I booked a weekend stay as a surprise for my daughters 21st birthday for her and her boyfriend. And obviously wanting to make it special for her I let the hotel know it was a big birthday and was throughly impressed with the little extra touches, including the birthday cake from the chef! The staff I spoke to prior to the visit were polite and helpful and very organised, I didn't have to explain myself each time I rang as notes had been put on my booking. The staff were warm and welcoming on arrival and It sounded like they went the extra mile to make them both feel welcome. They kept the mini bar full and…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best hotels in London,"Good price, great location, fantastic Club Lounge, and fabulous customer service all round. My little boy lost/dropped his coat, they found and delivered it back to us within 10 mins. They made us feel important, where other hotels simply fail. Breakfast was very good, we never ate dinner here - but the Club Lounge drinks and snacks were excellent. Small swimming pool only (albeit nice and warm), but would you expect much more in the center of London? Tube station is an 8 min walk, and there are plenty of pubs/restaurants in the area too. I won't labour the point, but this is one of the best all round hotels in London for the price. And most definately the best Hilton in the city - bar none we've stayed at. If you are a Diamond Hhonors member and need/want to stay in London -…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing but disappointed I didn’t get the room I paid for ,Stayed here for the weekend for a birthday treat for my boyfriends birthday. Arriving early the excellent staff got us a room when we arrived which was great however I booked a room with a king bed and paid extra and received a twin room only to be told I cant have one cause there fully booked and can’t change which seemed to me a little disappointing for a Hilton otherwise it was pristine and fabulous! Will come back ,Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,So much better than expected ,"Have now stayed here a number of times. Better than most Hilton's has an individual feel. Good size rooms, good bar and super breakfast. A favourite hotel to stay in for work or pleasure. Good value and an excellent location.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Went for a work trip and stayed here for one night. It's well located close to the tube and other communications. Also, just about 25-30 minutes walk to the centre, like the Covent Garden and Soho and perhaps 15-20 minutes walk from the London Eye.  Nice staff that welcomed me in the front desk, nice room and a really nice breakfast buffet in the morning.  Of course I managed to forget my keys in the room when I left but the hotel staff were really quick calling me so I could manage to pick up my stuff. Thanks for that commitment!  Perhaps just a little too expensive for my taste if I would have been on a family trip, but well recommended anyway!",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or850-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely experience,"The hotel is located in the south bank, which is very convenient for riverside walks. Covent Garden and Leicester square are half an hour walk away and the metro station (Jubilee line) is five min walk away. The breakfast is satisfying and the bar (The distiller) very good. The pool is an asset.",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another fantastic stay!,"Stayed at many Hilton hotels around the world as diamond members.  This is one of the best, especially the executive lounge.  Good to be looked after again by Gergely who is always excellent - nothing is ever too much trouble.  Not surprised he won a trip to Paris, voted for by his colleagues.  Only shame was we couldn’t get into the restaurant for brunch on the Saturday afternoon - fully booked... but afternoon tea in the lounge was good.  All in all a really good hotel.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"This hotel is absolutely gorgeous! I would definitely stayed here again. I had a few nights booked for work, the location was great, the service was brilliant - the staff are very friendly and kind. I didn't eat at the hotel, but the room was brilliant, very clean and the amenities were always replenished the nect day during service.   I would definitely stay here again and I will definitely be recommending this hotel as well.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel with Matching Service,"Having stayed at numerous Hilton properties, I can definitely say the Hilton Bankside was one of my most pleasurable stays in recent memory.  Being a fairly newer hotel, the rooms are sized very well, with nice furniture and great amenities.  Perhaps one of the most comfortable beds I've slept in!  In addition, there is an excellent restaurant and a bar attached to the restaurant, as well as a top notch executive lounge.  But what makes the whole hotel come together is the amazing staff and the effort they put in to making sure my experience was one to be remembered.  From the front desk staff to the concierges to the chambermaids, everyone was phenomenal.  And if you're staying there hopefully you'll have George helping you, he is a prime example of the level of employees they…",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Simply Superb!,"I stayed here for a Friday night in February.  I requested an early check in and everything was ready for me and my partner, when we arrived a little after midday and we were even given an upgrade to a deluxe room!  First rate!  The rooms are nice and airy and have a huge shower in the modern bathroom.  We didn't get to use the executive lounge facilities but we did enjoy the great selection at breakfast.  The hotel is ideally situated on the south bank just behind the Tate Modern and within a few hundred metres of Borough Market, the Shard, London Bridge station etc.  A lovely stay and I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and the wonderful staff.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or855-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Super Hotel,"Excellent brand new hotel.  We stayed one night at the hotel, excellent service, room and design, really enjoyed our stay, highly recommend. Dinner at the restaurant was delicious, the only thing it was a little bit too dark at the restaurant.  Breakfast has a lot of healthy choices but the was no bake beans. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel - service shockingly bad,"This hotel is one of the five star Hilton properties in London. I have visited about four times now (plus I have put up friends and family here for about eight times) and every time I have admired the great interior design of this hotel. From the calm modern rooms to the industrial touches that are present throughout the hotel, I believe this hotel is one of the most well-designed hotels in London. However, the service in this hotel is completely lacking. The hotel staff all have a flair of arrogance which is probably related to the ""five star"" rating that not a lot of Hiltons in London have. The staff at breakfast is lacklustre and forgetful but the worst are the people at the front desk who completely fail to acknowledge HHonors status and make you feel like every extra…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great service,Had a two night stay here in November and the service was fantastic. Great food and amenities. Would definitely recommend to others. The concierge was amazing with fantastic local knowledge of the area.,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel - the little touches make all the difference.,"My boyfriend and I recently stayed here for two nights and it was a wonderful experience from start to finish. It is all the little extra touches that make this hotel special and offer a bit of luxury. We received excellent (and very respectful) service from every staff member we encountered. The bedroom was so comfortable with a beautiful bed and a modern, stylish, and spotlessly clean bathroom. The turn down service in the evening was a lovely touch, as was the bathroom speaker! We had breakfast both mornings of our stay which we found to be fresh, delicious, and plentiful. The bar was a perfect place for a nightcap at the end of the day. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and I hope to return again in the not so distant future!",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely one night stay on points ,"Booked and exec room with executive lounge access.  We were upgraded to a junior suite.   Very clean and funky hotel, exec lounge served afternoon tea and scones, plus we popped in for a couple of glasses of wine and a vodka before heading out.   Great location for Tate modern or London television studios.  Lovely stay.   Heavy on points and not cheap to book and pay, but it was the night into valentines.    ",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or860-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice ,"Very nice hotel, friendly staff and modern rooms. I’m taking off a star because the room service food was horrible, pizza was like a frozen one you’d buy in a shop and the burger wasn’t good either. I went to a restaurant near by, cheaper and a lot better tasting, otherwise it’s a nice place (breakfast is excellent) ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Consistent 5 Star Service,We are regulars at Hilton Bankside and have just completed our third stay of 2018. The reason this hotel is our first choice when we are in London is the consistency of service. We are always well looked after and the staff are so friendly and helpful. Modern hotel with cosy quiet rooms and fantastic breakfast keep us coming back time after time.,Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Friendly staffs, great location but the breakfast needs to be improved","Great location with the Shard is only 15min away by foot. Staffs are friendly and well trained. However, the breakfast is so overpriced and it does not served to a Hilton Standard. The bacon was dry, the sausage is the cheapest one you can find in any supermarket and the roasted tomatoes were tasteless. It is not worth the £20 price tag. This is the biggest let down for my stay. ",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,An exceptional hotel  ,"Little note  to hotel designers!  Please include a mirror in the room near a power point for straighteners!    Apart from that this is a stunning hotel, with great staff and impeccable attention to detail. Loved it ",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another Great Stay,"We stayed 3 nights in early January for our 3rd stay at this wonderful, Hilton property.  There was some confusion at check-in as I asked for a room with a tub.  She said ok, but when we arrived-No tub!  I called the front desk and after a call back and an apology, another Executive room was found for us with a tub.  One of the young gentlemen in the lobby came up with our new keys and walked with us to our new room.  From there, everything went well.  The lounge was inviting as always and saved us the extra expense of dining and drinking out as we were able to do it all there, including afternoon tea.  The wifi worked excellently plus it was quiet enough most of the time to do some reading.  The gentleman from Hungary (not Peter, who was on vacation this time), but the one a…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or865-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very very good!,"Somewhat unprepossessing from the outside, but a really great quality hotel. Clearly fairly new, with high standard of decor, good rooms and delightful staff. Breakfast exceptionally good A really pleasant place to stay.",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Wow, I don't know if there is possibly anything less than excellent about this hotel.","I don't know if there is possibly anything less than excellent about this hotel.  I really enjoyed my two night stay here: staff is super friendly and helpful, food is delish, rooms are so amazing: interesting design, cool lightning, super comfortable huge beds, room has everything necessary: fans, minibar, iron, teapot etc etc.  Unfortunately didn't have any time to enjoy the pool and gym...  Love it so so much, thank you!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great property for a reasonable (for London) price.,"It's a great property for the business traveler:  near the river, plenty of restaurants, and the business district isn't too far off.  The staff are very friendly, bar's not too shabby, and the facilities are very comfortable.  The price pushed my corporate budget a bit, but that's London.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Continues to deliver,"Arrived by car and greeted by the lovely Andrei the doorman who welcomed us back in his usual charming manner.  It's so nice to be remembered considering how many guests must pass through their doors.  Our room was terrific, the pool is really gorgeous.  We had afternoon tea in the Executive Lounge on Friday 12th and Elvira was extremely attentive and very professional.  Gergely was lovely at breakfast on Sunday.  This hotel is marvellous but actually what really raises it is it's genuinely great staff.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Stayed one night here as I was attending a function nearby, that apart...this would be my recommendation and ""go to"" Hilton for central  London as the stay was excellent, the hotel well located and I am looking forward to returning.  As a gold member, received an upgrade to a deluxe king size room.  The hotel is fairly new and I loved both the room and shower-room, tastefully done and a very good size...still with a ""new"" feel to them and immaculately clean! The decor and standard of fittings was excellent.  Nice staff, very good bar (especially with the Sunday evening happy hour) and I can't think of anything remotely bad to say!  An excellent stay and I'll be back!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or870-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel - minor niggles to improve,"Overall we had a great experience at this hotel. Great location literally just behind Tate modern. Good surrounding bars & restaurants in easy access. Modern new hotel with all mod cons. Some have raised issue around bar prices, but £10-11 for a proper cocktail in London isn't actually bad at all, especially as they were really good (Mind & soul recommended, real honeycomb a great touch). Minor suggestion for improvement - we were told there was complimentary soft drinks/water in the room, however this meant 2x water, 1 britvic orange / 1 coke. if you are going to provide this then at least supply enough for the 2 people paying for the room. 1x 200ml coke does't go far between 2 people. Breakfast - excellent selection to cater for all tastes in general, but at risk of sounding…",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Up there with the best of Hilton,"I had a one night stay at Hilton Bankside and wasn’t disappointed. Extremely comfortable bed and top notch service at check in. As a Gold member the lady on reception informed me of all my benefits and welcomed me with open arms.  I don’t usually stay at this Hilton as my office is in Canary Wharf but having this option is good and I’d be willing to stay here in the future, I recommend for further business and leisure travellers.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"What a wonderful hotel! The location is perfect, and close to lovely restaurants and riverside walkways. The whole hotel was spotless, whilst my room was bright, airy, and very comfortable. I did not eat/drink at the hotel, or use the spa/pool, but the services I did use were exemplary - I will return here, and I would recommend this hotel to others!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The most comfortable superking bed! ,"Location: Perfect location - between two tube stops, Southwark and London Bridge. Really great to explore the attractions nearby but also only 16 minutes to get you to Soho.   Hotel Reception: Stylish and welcoming. We were able to check into our room early on a Saturday which is an amazing bonus and we had arrived early just to drop our bags off! A very friendly welcome and swift check in.   Room:  I had a king deluxe room on the fourth floor. A HUGE superking bed and honestly one of the best nights sleep I’ve had in a Hilton hotel. It was quite at night time, I was away from the lifts and couldn’t hear any noise from the bars / restaurants downstairs. Lovely bathroom, bath robes and some complimentary soft drinks in the mini bar.  Executive lounge: I only accessed in the…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Room not as advertised and no deposit refund,"I stayed at the Hilton Bankside prior to Christmas. I travel alot to London with work but it was my first time staying here. I had high expectations for the hotel. My room booking was advertised as King Deluxe Room with City View which I paid extra on top of the King Deluxe. On checking into my room, there was no view other than a wall which I had suspected once I was issued a room on the second floor. I went to reception to advise I had booked a ""City View"" room and was asked what I room I had expected as the hotel was surrounded by buildings. This is London so not unusual not to have views but my issue was in the advertisement of the room.  The second night I was moved to a room with a glimpse of the Shard so the issue was rectified. This room was not available on my first…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or875-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bankside continues to impress,I have stayed at the Hilton Bankside a half dozen times over the past few years and I am always amazed at how well run the hotel is. Every employee is polite and pleasant. The rooms are wonderfully laid out. The location is excellent. The lounge is the best of any Hilton I’ve stayed at and well worth paying for when one does not have Diamond status. If I could give this hotel 6 stars I would!,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Disappointing ending to a good stay,"I would have really loved to have given this hotel a higher rating but sadly I had left an (inexpensive but important) item in the bedroom - and when I called the hotel (only 90 mins after checking out) to explain that I would pop back and collect it, I was told that the room had not been cleaned yet, so they will retrieve the item and return it to me.  However after several reminders to the hotel, I never got the item back and I never heard back from this apparently 5 star hotel. It was not a precious item but I know it was definitely in the room - and this matter should have been handled much more professionally. Just disappointing that there is dishonesty at such a good brand. Otherwise it was a good stay..",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Conveniently located,"This is an urban-chic hotel located close to Southwark underground station and 2 minutes walk from the Tate. Many eateries in close proximity make this hotel an excellent choice to explore the city. The room was nice and clean (although view wise it faced a nice brown brick wall), beds very comfortable and bathrooms with Bose speakers. Front desk staff attentive. Having stayed at many 5 star hotels in town, I would probably give this hotel a class of 4 maybe 4.5 stars as it does not manage to contend with other 5 star hotels in the area. On a deal price I would stay again, although the full rate does not seem appropriate for the value.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing customer service and superbly childfriendly hotel,"Have just returned from amazing weekend trip to London. We stayed two nights at the Hilton Bankside with my 6 year old daugher and loved every minute of our stay. I must say that the service from check-in all the way to check-out was perfect! The hotel really has put efforts in their customer service and it really shows in a very natural and pleasant way. They also have an amazing eye for serving the younger visitors as well. Treasure hunting, tailor-made slippers and bathrobes together with spa toiletries were just a few of the most evident things that comes to mind. My six year old felt like a princess who received special treatment, as it should be. Thank you Hilton Bankside for making our mom and daughter weekend perfect!   The swimming pool is good in size, breakfast…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very very good,"This is a great Hilton hotel located close to Tate museum. New installations, very good service.    Bed was extremely good. The restaurant and the bar are above average. Marc, the concierge, is very knowledgeable and provides very detailed information for whatever you need.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or880-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best London hotel,"Spent a long weekend here and the rooms are superior to many hotels I have stayed in in London, everything in the hotel is fresh, the rooms are very spacious, clean and the housekeeping staff as well as all the other staff from booking in, the restaurant, and concierge are very attentive and always have a smile. The hotel is very well situated in bankside which is now a very up and coming are of London, in fact you can see that this are and the surrounding area is now a favourite for many visitors with the accessibility to the Tate gallery and the Millennium bridge which takes you across the Thames to St Paul’s cathedral, the walk along the embankment is fantastic and takes you to either Tower bridge to the right or Westminster bridge to the left. We have walked both ways and…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best Hilton in London by far,"we have stayed in most of the other Hiltons in London and this is the favourite, you get what you pay for, it still looks new, the staff are a credit to the brand, the rooms are comfortable and have the best duvets and pillows ever. you get complimentary soft drinks in a deluxe room. it is worth upgrading to an executive room as the lounge is lovely and the food and beverages on offer are better than any of the other Hiltons. The breakfast is great you just need to be very hungry as there is so much to choose from. its near to southwark station which makes it a really quick journey into the west end for theatres. The only negative - don't pay for parking at the hotel its extortion and there is a car park diagonally opposite which is much much cheaper!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great service and atmosphere,"It was such a pleasant surprise. The hotel is very beautifully decorated, exceptionally clean, and very comfortable.   The gym is small but well appointed.   The staff really couldn't do more to help and go the extra mile.   Would thoroughly recommend.   Bar serves very cool cocktails.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My stay,stayed over on a business trip hotel was superb and staff excellent  really enjoyed my stay and put me in good shape for next days work.  Will be more than happy to stay here next time and bring the family too,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Service Above & Beyond,"My wife and I had planned a trip to take my 82 year old mother to Amsterdam, Paris, and London.  During our flight over my mother got sick and we were told by the airline they wouldn’t let her fly back without oxygen and we would have to rebook her flight.  When we arrived at the Hilton, I immediately asked the Concierge for help in locating a doctor, and explained the situation.  While I don’t remember names very well, the Concierge went out of his way to help us and the entire staff could not have been any nicer or more helpful.  We found a doctor and had my mother checked out, she was eventually cleared to fly and we were all able to enjoy the rest of the trip.  The executive lounge was a wonderful place to rest and refresh at the end of each day with canapés and drinks.  The…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or885-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel in a convenient location ,"  This is a beautiful hotel with a convenient location just minutes away from Blackfriars Station.  Every member of the hotel staff we encountered was polite and courteous. We had an Executive room with access to the Executive lounge which came in handy after visiting the sights all day and wanting something light to eat before dinner. The reason for only 4 stars, was our King bed was actually two twin beds pushed together and my husband kept sinking in the middle.  This is not a deal breaker for this hotel; but in the future, I will call ahead and request an actual King Bed.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great,The hotel is situated in a great central location. Nearby parking and local Shops make the stay really good.   The staff are brilliant. The location is quiet enough to get a good nights rest.   Would definitely recommend this Hilton,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel - excellent staff,Great mix of business and a family holiday. I took my family with me on a work trip over the New Year and this hotel was perfect. The Suite was great for a family...and the executive lounge was wonderful for breakfast and evening happy hours. The room was always made up promptly and the staff was always very friendly which made the stay more enjoyable.,Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding!,"This hotel is outstanding in all areas, but especially in the professionalism, friendliness and helpfulness of all members of staff. We were made to feel valued and warmly welcome from start to finish, and thoroughly enjoyed our whole experience. A fabulous hotel - to be highly commended, and recommended.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Truly spectacular occasion,"We had a wonderful stay one night as we had theatre tickets and afternoon tea booked the next day so I booked the hotel so we didnt need to rush home and could stay over in London whoop whoop, The staff were all very welcoming helpful and every person had a smile and a hello for us beautiful decor and very clean and quiet it was an anniversary treat and all at Hilton made it a truly spectacular occasion even though they never knew it was an anniversary.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or890-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff,"From my experience at this particular Hilton I would like to express my gratitude for such great staffing.  From the lad at the door helping with luggage, the receptionists above duty effort and also one lady that really stood out for her great sense of kindness with service is Maria the young German lady at the bar, I was so impressed on how she handle costumer service that I insisted on writing her a review and going through the effort of downloading trip advisor in order to do so! Absolute gem to your company.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great comfortable stay,"The hotel is located about a quarter of a mile or a 5 min leisurely walk from Southwark Station, just a stones throw away from Tate Modern. You can tell that the hotel is relatively new from its contemporary and untired look. The rooms are incredibly comfortable- great beds, important small touches like mirrors in the bathroom that don't fog,  adjustable reading lights, a big spacious pull-out refrigerator- the rooms are put together very well. No tubs or bidet though. The services at this hotel are also topnotch. The Christmas stockings were a pleasant surprise. Enjoyed the breakfast spread at Oxbo- eggs stations, many cooked items, a selection from the bakery, fruits, cereals, also congee...  It will be great if they added more accompaniments for the congee though. But all…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Really lovely friendly hotel,"This hotel is lovely ,the rooms are a very good size and furnitured to a high standard,the staff were so friendly from the management to house keeping.we will be visiting again . My only criticism would be that the drinks in the bar were so expensive ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Brilliant hotel. Wonderful staff.The hotel has a perfect location. The interior is beautifully designed. Every single member of staff went out of their way to make the family's stay both enjoyable and memorable.,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Leisure ,"I was an amazing stay , the staff was great , outstanding service , I would like to say special thanks to: Lenka from the reception , Rita from the executive lounge , and Alex from OXBO restaurant, they are an asset to the company that you can be proud of and are very professional. We strongly recommend this Hotel for their facilities and amazing service.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or895-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb above and Beyond experience ,"We stayed at the Hilton London Bankside for New Years holiday with our two year old daughter. I cannot say enough about this hotel and their staff. We have stayed at several Hilton hotels and always had a good experience, however this was above and beyond. Our concierge was a delight to see every day and really engaged our daughter. All of the staff was extremely friendly and helpful and made you feel very special and treated you with such warmness. Would definitely stay here again next time we are in London and will recommend this to anyone I know coming to London in the future!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel in a great location,"We had such a brilliant stay here that we have already booked to return.  Everything was superb, from location to our suite and the executive lounge.  We stayed in a huge one bedroom suite, which was extremely comfortable and spacious.  The separate sitting room was a great place to relax and unwind.  On our first evening, we ate in the OXBO restaurant at the hotel, which was excellent.  The executive lounge is one of the best we have experienced in the Hilton portfolio, which a superb food and beverage offering and, in our opinion, a better breakfast than in the main restaurant - a rarity.  Our only regret was not trying the swimming pool, but we shall have to fit that in next time.  Great location and value for money.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Cosy brand new hotel in Central London,"Lovely hotel in Central London, 2 min walk from the Tate Modern. Cosy bedrooms, comfortable bathrooms, very kind staff and trendy bar. Enjoy the nice swimming pool in the morning before discovering best London areas.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,"A warm welcome; stunning decor, twinkling lights, friendly staff, divine scents.   The room was a standard size, comfortable large bed, smooth linen, heavy duvet and perfect pillows.   We felt well looked after throughout our stay. Definitely more than worthy of the 5 stars and glowing reviews.   We will return.  ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely Christmas Experience,This is the third year my partner and i have stayed at the Hilton Bankside on Christmas Eve as my family live nearby but do not have enough accommodation for us. The Hilton is a great experience at Christmas - complimentary mince pies and mulled wine on Cheistmas Eve - Christmas Stocking delivered on Christmas morning and the atmosphere and decor very festive. I booked rooms for my two daughters this year as well - they loved it. Thankyou Hilton. ,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or900-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great location, Mixed Bag on everything else","Great location but questionable value for money. The meal options are limited and some choices overpriced. Would avoid in-room dining (tray charge+ ""discretionary"" service charge)- can see you paying approx 45 GBP for a fairly basic meal that you could get from McDonald's for 5GBP. Also a bit of a mixed bag on the service front. The front-desk staff are great, however other staff, particularly the restaurant staff, seemed indifferent and inconsistent with their service delivery. Far preferred the Hilton in Canary Wharf- which incidentally was cheaper at the time of my stay in this particular Hilton.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best stay ever,This is a very nice 5 star hotel. They made my Christmas holiday wonderful. The room we got was very clean and spacious. We asked for a room with a bath and they were happy to give it to us without a fuss. The bed was very comfy! The service was perfect and the breakfast buffet was very lovely. The staff are friendly. The amenities were complete. And the location was spot on. There's nothing more I could ask for. I felt at home and very comfortable. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would definitely come back soon!,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent couple of nights in the capital,"My wife and I stayed here between Christmas and New Year 2016 whilst in England. Superb modern hotel with excellent bar and friendly, welcoming staff. The location is excellent just a short walk to Southwark or London Bridge stations or across to all the sites of South Bank. Can’t recommend this hotel enough it was the perfect base to catch up with friends and explore this part of London. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in the center of London,"We spend a long weekend in Hilton Bankside, they were really helpful. We let send our Adele tickets to them, they keep them safe and had them ready when we arrived. All was prepared. The room was pretty with extra room, the Executive Lounge was British style, all perfect.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"I recently had a pretty much perfect stay at the Hilton London Bankside.  There are plenty of Hilton properties in London, and to date I've stayed about half of them.  And this one exceeded all of the others.  Service was impeccable, with Luisa at the front desk going above and beyond to make sure the stay was great.  The breakfast buffet was absolutely wonderful.  The executive lounge was a great haven.  The room was beautiful and the bathroom was spacious.  The location was great, tucked right behind the Tate Modern.  Easy to get to the tube, and also super-convenient for a connection to Gatwick.  Looking forward to visiting this property again.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or905-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service & Hotel,Stayed to celebrate my wife’s birthday. Booked a room with breaky and access to the executive lounge.   There is no parking available however they do a pricey valet service. I parked at the NCP London Bridge which is a 15 minute walk and cost half the price for 24 hours. Hotel let you drop off unload and then go park.   Staff were lovely. Atmosphere was very good and very Christmas.   Room was beautiful. Comfortable. Spacious. Clean. Bathroom was lovely too. Had the best night sleep ever. Amazing bed and most comfy pillows.   We had a minor maintenance issue as the air con vent behind a cupboard was rattling but Michal the maintenance guy came and took care of it in a flash!  Breaky was delicious as was the eggless pancakes they made to surprise my wife! Totally awesome.  …,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,BANKSIDE KNOCKS OFF HILTON PARK LANE AS THE HILTON TO STAY,"This Hilton is a gem. The check in process, room size and food are exceptional. The only drawback is that it is about a 10 minute walk to the tube.  But it is very close to the Tate Museum and walking access to London.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Vacation visit,"Second stay at this Hilton and it was excellent. Staff and facility are top notch. Love staying in this area it has less noise and easy access to all of London. The hotel is very quite, never heard any street noise at least not from the top floor. Have stayed in the executive rooms, not all the same but more than adequate size for two people.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside What A Stay!,"This month I stayed with my partner at The Hilton Bankside and could not have had a better experience. We travelled all the way from Oxfordshire and were relieved when our luggage was taken from us at the door by the Conciege. Made me feel like Prince Harry! I'm not him (though people say we could be brothers).   Check-in was fast and informative, we had very few questions about the features of the hotel by the time we reached our room; and what a room! Cool, modern feel to the decor, a mini fridge/drawer compartment to cater to any mood and a freshly-cleaned atmosphere facilitated by the maid 'Maria' (I know her name because she wished us a good stay in the form of a note).  After spending 20 mins in the Executive Lounge (2 glasses of Prosecco and plenty of complimetary…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,AMAZING STAY,"I had a amazing stay at this Hilton location.  It is close to many restaurants and train/tube stations.  The closets station is Southwark and Waterloo.  The entire staff is professional, personable and kind.  The food selection is amazing and the staff is very accommodating and always smile.  I highly recommend this hotel and will be staying here again in January 2018",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or910-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bowen’s trip x,"Had a wonderful stay with Hilton the other been to a few Hilton’s around the world and by far this is the best I’ve stayed in! 💕 • The SUSHI COCKTAIL from distillery bar is a must try. Was so amazed how the sushi cocktail tasted superb when it sounded weird to me at first. I guess they do know how to satisfy your tastebuds! • Also, oxbo‘s food was really tasty and good in portion as well when I had my dinner there. We had scallops, smoked salmon, beef and cod, and everything was cooked into perfection! they also serve amazing breakfast with various variety. not a morning person but I’m so glad I woke up for it • Also, what I love about Hilton most is that they have a classy, quiet lounge where they serve free flow alcohol drinks and light food til dinner time. You can choose to…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable stay,"My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Bankside for 1 night to attend his office party being held in the ballroom of the hotel. We received a very friendly welcome and check in was very quick.  Our room was on the first floor and I did worry that it might suffer from road noise but this was not the case.  It was very quiet, warm and comfortable and had all the amenities needed for a very pleasant stay.  I would happily recommend this hotel to a friend, especially if they were wanting a hotel close to the Tate, Borough Market etc",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Quality hotel & amazing Sunday dinner,"Beautiful hotel, very peaceful and comfortable stay. Fantastic value and quality three course Sunday meal in oxbo restaurant. I was in heaven with the all you can eat starters and puddings, and fantastic quality.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Location ,"First of all, I would like to start by saying the staff was fantastic! One of the surprising things I liked about this hotel was the size of the rooms, it was spacious and clean (we stayed in the King Suite). Many hotels in Europe can be a bit cramped, so it was a great surprise to see how spacious the rooms were. If deciding whether to get the breakfast, do so! My husband is a meat eater, and I am a vegetarian; however there were many options for the both of us. We will definitely be coming here again when we visit London!",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Modern, clean and consistent hotel in London","I've stayed here a few times now, consistently it has been excellent: very fast and friendly check-in, rooms are perfect, staff are really nice, location is great...what more do you need (especially considering some other terrible options from Hilton in London - this is the one to choose).",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or915-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great! ,"I was there for a short holiday time in London. Great comfortable hotel, superb breakfast and very kind staff. The room was super and the hotel location is near the tub station. Tate modern is close to it and there are supermarket and bar there. ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Repeated Vists - Fantastic Hotel,"I am in London weekly and find most hotels have a bland and somewhat mechanistic approach to their customers.  But the NOT the Hilton at Bankside.       The staff are attentive, remember you by name and cannot do enough to help.  They engage you in genuine and sincere conversations and if you visit more than a few times they remember what I like for breakfast etc.    It may not be the cheapest hotel at full rate, but if you get a good rate - it is well worth the price.     Close to the Tate Modern a short walk to Borough Market, The Globe and much more...",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent ..,"Continues to be the best Hotel in London. We are both Diamond members. Great welcome, nice afternoon tea in the lounge. Loverly room. I just don’t understand how the Park Lane Hilton continues to be appalling and yet this one achieves standards of excellence all round. Anyway thank you again for a great stay ...",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wow! One of the nicest Hilton’s!,"I was in London for 5 nights for business and it was my first time visiting. Absolutely amazing hotel! I’ve been staying at Hilton properties for years and this has to be the nicest stay I’ve had. The rooms are so spacious and modern with great amenities. If you can upgrade to the executive lounge, do it! It was so great having that as a breakfast option in the morning and I thoroughly enjoyed their evening bar and snacks! The staff was excellent and I was greeted by every member at the desk each time I walked by. Finally the location is perfect for London and so close to everything. I hope I can return to London someday and if I can, would love to stay here again!!",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Sunday carvery,"We went here as a group of six friends for a Christmas get together.  We had the 3 course  Sunday Carvery. It was one of the best Sunday meals I have had. The all you can eat starter buffet was varied/fresh and extremely tasty. The main course we all had beef and it was tender and really nice with a lovely fresh Yorkshire pudding and all accompaniments . The the puddings, WOW it was another table of all you can eat, Lots for all tastes, you won’t be left wanting there!!  All this for a very reasonable price, we will most def be going back soon. A big shout out to Kamal who looked after us and made sure we wanted for nothing. ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or920-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel - disappointing bar,"Stayed at Hilton Bankside two days for business. As a frequent visitor to London and a gold member at Hilton I always stay at Hilton Tower Bridge, but wanted to try something else this time.   Hotel is beautiful, area great and breakfast very good. So I can certainly recommend the hotel. Apart from one major thing.   The bar was a massive disappointment. Not the staff or the drinks but the bar was crowded every day and the music was so loud. Seemed more or less like a closed party for local companies using it for social events and as a hotel customer I did not at all feel welcome. Only the last day I secured a place at the bar returning from a dinner with clients.   Maybe the hotel should scale back on outside arrangements and prioritize staying customers a little more at the…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A wonderful stay,Weekend away to celebrate my husbands milestone birthday with friends. Everything was perfect from the moment we arrived until departure. Would highly recommend and would most definitely return. An amazing time was had by all. ,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay,The staff and service was exceptional.The location is central to the tube and a lovely stroll along the Thames to the tourist attractions. A wonderful pool & spa to relax in after along day of sightseeing.,Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The Staff!!!,"Hi everyone!  I am not one to usually leave reviews, be it good or bad ones but this time I was compelled to leave a review.   I have now stayed at the Hilton London Bankside twice, once for one week and another for 2 weeks and without a doubt, this is the most pleasurable hotel stay I have ever had. The rooms are impeccable, the staff is amazing and the service is wonderful!   My mornings were always greeted by the wonderful servers in the dining area and by far, J. Vasquez was the best! He was always so polite and attentive, I never had to ask for a refill on my coffee or juice as he always knew when I needed something extra. He was always so courteous (as the rest of the staff) which really brightened my mood on dreary London mornings.   The rooms were gorgeous and the…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,It was well nice,"In all honesty I thought this hotel was actually really quite lovely, I’m not an interior designer nor do I care for that but the decor was truest lovely to sit in, I had a twin room which was lovely as it meant one bed to chill and eat in while I watched the football and another to sleep in peng really, bt sport on the tv for free #loveit. Another classy point was the speaker in the shower oh my days that was sweeeeet. Only negative, at like half 9 room service walked in my room... I hadn’t ordered anything... otherwise it’s 5 stars unlucky Hilton better luck next time",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or925-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel until you need something,"Stayed 4 nights for a little get away with the wife to check out the market and do some shopping. The hotel was very nice until we had small issues, i.e ESPN did not work on our TV asked to get it fixed and it never happened. Lack of plugs on the bathroom wall use a hair dryer. I also had to print sometickets but their guest computers were using internet explorer 7 so no websites working so I could not print my tickets. Apart from the that the hotel was great the staff were friendly and nice. Just don't ask them anything.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely superb.,"Online reviews suggested that Bankside was the best Hilton in London, and our experience only confirms the reality. We loved our stay--the room, the breakfast, the service, the anniversary cake (for our 25th!), and the supportive service at every point. Can't wait until next time!",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"One of the best Hiltons, attentive staff, great location & food","Very friendly staff and concierge, the executive lodge was top notch - it was a great addition to our trip. Great location, walking distance to many attractions but not crowded and ""touristy"". At times it felt morel like a business hotel and the bar was hopping with young upscale locals. The entrance and lobby were very appealing.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Dinning Experience,"Just finished having an amazing dinner at this amazing hotel and just wanted to give great thanks to Roula, who made from our dinner an unforgettable experience due to her excellent service. Big thanks ",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hilton standards but a bit remote,"Typical Hilton standards throughout the hotel except at breakfast. The hotel is about 10 minutes walk from the nearest tube station (Southwark) and not easy to find and about 20 minutes walk (through quite congested areas) to London Bridge.  The room was a decent size with a nice tv and lots of table space! The bathroom was also large and luxurious with lots of towels and toiletries and a large walk-in shower. Cleanliness was exceptional!  The breakfast was quite limited and not worth £28! The scrambled eggs (and the pancakes?!) were too salty but the omelette was one of the best I’ve ever had. There was also a good selection of cold meats (but not many cheeses), fresh juices, nuts, dried fruit yogurts, pastries and cakes (which looked fresh but were quite hard). I was…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or930-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, excellent executive lounge, awesome service","From the extraordinary helpfulness of Suzanna at the front desk, to exceptional attentiveness and helpful advice from Gergely in the executive lounge, the service was exemplary. Because my boyfriend is a Diamond member, we were upgraded to a king executive room, which was spacious and well-appointed with a terrific bathroom, albeit with a terrible/non-existent view in 558. The executive lounge was one of the best I've encountered with a great breakfast, awesome afternoon tea, and good evening snack. I highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in a great location!,"I stayed at the hotel for five nights and would absolutely recommend it.   The rooms are clean, spacious and modern - they look newly renovated.  The WiFi is good and there is a nice selection of teas in the room. They only have British-style electric outlets (no international power bank), so if you are from elsewhere, bring adaptors.   This hotel is very close to the Southwark and Waterloo tube stations (approx. 10 min and 15 min walk respectively) but there are a lot of attractions within walking distance.   The breakfast at the hotel is quite expensive for a regular buffet (25 pounds) but there is a cafe and a grocery store next door.   The laundry service is good but they use extremely scented products so if you are allergic, I would not recommend it. The fabric softener is…",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"This hotel is superb, it was our second visit and we were not disappointed. It is located a short taxi ride from London Bridge and right near the Tate Modern. We forgot just how lovely the hotel was and how welcoming all the staff were. The breakfast is to die for with so much choice and of good quality. We look forward to our next visit in the new year.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Property, Poor Service","The Bankside is a beautiful hotel in an amazing location.  The business district at the weekend is the perfect getaway for those wanting a more sedate shopping/restaurant experience.  For this the hotel is ideally located.  Entering the revolving door my fiancee and I were greeted with the warm aroma of cinnamon that was filtering through the air con and really made us feel in the Christmas spirit.  At first it appeared after speaking to the chap on the front desk that the staff were very attentive and warm, indeed as a result of my mentioning that it was my partners birthday - that evening we returned to our room with a 'Happy Birthday' dessert in our room without any request.  Which was a lovely touch.  However the remainder of our stay did not live up to the initial…",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good hotel for business in London,"Overall, nice hotel in London near the river. Good lounge experience - food & service are good. Hours are also good. Rooms are comfortable and updated. Gym is fairly basic. I'd stay again if in the area. Good bar scene in the lobby",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or935-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay...again,"Genuinely happy to recommend this hotel. I spend many nights in hotels (mainly on business) and a good number of those are Hilton’s. This hotel is my absolute favourite. Great decor (contemporary/boutique, but cosy rather than pretentious), friendly and professional staff, good food, comfortable rooms. The location is ideal too.  This place sets the benchmark for other Hilton hotels, in my opinion.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Elegant late night cocktail venue,"Great visit to the Distillery cocktail bar. Knowledgeable staff, interesting cocktails (60 different gins !), fast and friendly service from Liana. The hotel is a short walk to Borough Market, Tate Modern, the Globe and the Millenium Bridge with great views across to St Pauls and down river to Tower Bridge.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Always love Oxbo Bankside,"Have been here many times, always enjoy it. Visit Flat Iron, little walk away!      If dining in, very good soundtrack - not Muzak. Distillery bar cocktails good. Mulled wine and mince pies in lobby at the moment! Has a good gym and proper length pool. Location perfect. Attitude of staff very very good.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton standard,"As a Hilton Gold member we booked an executive room with lounge access. The room was spacious, spotless with all the usual Hilton standard facilities. Great breakfast and very good lounge extras. We will return to this hotel on our next London visit.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Group bookings and conference rooms,"Dealt with Allen Dsouza for a group booking for 16 people and with Ama Agyeman for a conference set up for 16 people. Both extremely professional and efficient, was always a pleasure to deal with them and they always had time for me and my queries. Both assets to the company.",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or940-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, quiet rooms","The room was of good size, very quiet and the bed was firm. Unfortunately the bedding (pillows, duvet) was filled with down/feather. They were soon replaced. No minibar as such. A fridge in a drawer with two complimentary bothles of still water. Kettle and instant coffee/tea bags. Two supermarkets next door. ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,We love this hotel!,"This wasn’t our first visit to this hotel and it won’t be our last. The staff are amazing, the food delicious and the beds super-comfortable. The breakfast is pricey, but the choice is expansive and there are chefs on hand to cook extra options. ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Glorious bed - brilliant nights sleep,"Stayed here as part of an awards evening recently, and liked the modern decor and plush interior.  Nice bar downstairs for a really great vodka martini, and extremely friendly service on check in.  The desk set up is good, and the free refreshments in the mini bar a welcome touch.  Best thing was the bed though - with a lovely think duvet and really comfortable enormous bed.  Not a cheap night - but a nice one regardless.  A bath would have made it perfect.  Great location - a 5 minute walk to the Millennium Bridge, and plenty of places nearby for coffee / groceries.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top-notch customer service ,"Stayed 2 nights at this urban feel hotel by the River Thames.   Short walking distance to Southwark and Waterloo tube  stations. Excellent services received from check-in till checkout. Checked in before noon by Guest Service Manager Jan, she treated us like VIP.  Very knowledgeable concierge Mark, whom gave insightful info on navigating the city.  Received several text messages from front desk to make sure things are alright.   There are big umbrella at the lobby for guest use. Special thanks to Hafdala & Constantine at concierge.   All these great staff made Hilton London Bankside remarkable, definitely would stay here again when I return to London.  ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very very nice,"Very nice Hotel, distillery bar very good and it's something that you can't find everywhere. Natasha at the check in was super efficient, polite and brilliant. Same thing for the staff of the distillery, can't remember now the names. Only one thing that didn't go so good, at the breakfast it was 11:02 and the waiter us pushed us to finish our breakfast, i understand that you have a shedule that you need to follow up, but let us finish our breakfast without rush, i don't think that we need pressure to remember that breakfast close at 11.00 am. Anyway this little thing will not touch my judgement.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or945-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,My wife and I booked here for the Bottomless Brunch which was most delightful .....We were served by Kamal.... he was very attentive and Exellent throught our stay ....Kamal made our dinning a great experience 10 0ut of 10....,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Room smelt strongly of damp,"The room smelt of damp which was very strong. I thought that it would be ok sleeping the one night but it actually made me ill, (breathing in damp is not ideal or healthy), and I woke up with a chesty cold.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,WOW,"WAs invited to attend an industry event at this hotel wasn't really looking forward to it as not a fan of Hiltons...WOW was I impressed with Hilton London Bankside, form arrival to the beautiful wall of plants, check in, my suite the Ex lounge was amazing and service levels perfect",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Stay,"I have just returned from an amazing stay at the Hilton Bankside. It's one of the best hotels in London, a great location, big brand service but a boutique style and friendly service.  The staff could not have been more welcoming and nothing was too much trouble. The pool and gym are excellent as is the executive lounge and restaurant.   My family was made to feel very special and my daughter has already asked for me to book another trip.  Looking forward to my next stay!",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel,"I am not easily pleased but I have to say this was one of the best hotels I have stayed more recently in by a country mile. We had booked an executive room with access to the executive suite-amazing! We were there to celebrate our daughters 21st birthday which we had invited 16 of our family to Bottomless Brunch in the Oxbo restaurant. It was fabulous, with both the buffet and sharing platters impressing our guests. The reception staff were so incrediably helpful and we had left stuff in our car that had been valet parked and they very generously retrieved the car back to the hotel for us to unpack it further-amazing!! ~Definitely be back",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or950-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top Class Hotel ,"This hotel is a real gem. Great location (a stones throw away from the Tate Modern), the hotel is fresh and modern. Very friendly and helpful staff, we were made to feel welcome at every interaction. The room was modern with the comfiest bed ever!  Breakfast was top notch, served by polite staff.  I’ve stayed in a lot of hotels and this was one of the best, I’ll definitely stay there again, thanks for making my wife and I feel so special ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous stay ,"I treated my daughter to a weekend break  here to celebrate her 18th birthday and we also had a university Open day!  Customer service is exceptional and I have to thank Lenka for being so helpful and making sure all my requests were met.  We arrived very early and hours before check-in, I had booked an executive twin with lounge access, we were offered a room on arrival (this was about 9.30 am,)however I decided to hold out for a higher floor room, I was glad I did as the room had a view of The Shard. Despite arriving before check in we were given access to the lounge and the pool etc. We had breakfast, afternoon tea and evening drinks and snacks in the lounge, always a lovely varied selection each day, again staff in the lounge were all superb!   The room was lovely very comfy…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Stay,"Superb, superb, superb! Cannot fault it. Stayed in an interconnecting family room with my husband and daughters. Rooms were perfect size, beds comfy, breakfast delicious, executive lounge spacious and generous with food and beverages and service brilliant. Really can't wait to return! Well done!",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,suit stay with very comfortable sofa bed!,this hotel is about a 4 min walk from Soukthwalk tube. next to the Tate Modern and about 20 min walk from the Southbank. excellent location.   the exec lounge is comfortable with a limited choice canapè. all is very nice.   the room was excellent and the sofa bed far exceeded my expectations.  the main bed was unbelievably comfortable!  just what you would expect from the Hilton brand.   the bathroom  was huge with a bath and separate shower.   the gym is small and has everything you need really. the pool was cold together with the Jacuzzi.  that was disappointing.    great hotel with very friendly and attentive staff.  Stephanie in the exec lounge was very helpful and friendly.   I hope all this helps. I would stay again. ,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing restaurant,"We went out for dinner at OXBO several times now and each time our experience, including the food, service and atmosphere have been superb. Last time we were served by a lovely gentleman named Kamal, very knowledgeable, charming and friendly person, highly recommended!",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or955-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,weekend stay,"Excellent throughout,really comfortable sleeping facilities quiet during nightime.staff very helpful.Ideal situation for visiting all the main tourist attractions eg.houses of parliament, buckingham palace.tower bridge etc.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful rooms great location,Stayed for one night. Staff were really friendly and attentive. The room was a lovely side with great bathroom. Breakfast had a large selection (not a lot of choice for a hot breakfast for vegetarians),Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Business/pleasure stay,"An excellent hotel to stay within easy commute, valet parking. Rooms were clean and well deserved of 5* The staff were friendly and helpful and breakfast was very good. Easy to from booking to paying the bill",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"High quality hotel with nice staff, but room set-up terrible","High quality hotel with nice staff, but room was squeezed in a corner without proper daylight (opposite wall was only 1 meter away from window). Not possible to have fresh air during the night. And when working at the desk, air was blowing in my neck",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Horrible Check-in and Guest Services Manager,"The check-in and guest services manager named Anneke were extremely rude and condescending.  As a Gold Member, I was treated as if I were doing them a favor by staying at the hotel.  I was immediately told that I could have access to the Executive Lounge because the hotel was fully booked for a conference.  It wasn't until I asked to speak with the General Manager did Anneke allow me access to the Executive Lounge.  If I ever had to encounter Anneke again at any hotel, I would leave immediately.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or960-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Couldn't Have Been Happier!,"I was in London for business and decided to try the Hilton Bankside. So glad I did!!! Absolutely stunning little gem in a fantastic location. Right from the get go the attention to detail and the service 5-Star. Very Urban feel.Beautiful fresh flowers everywhere. The rooms are lovely and the beds beyond comfortable. The kind you love to sink into after a long day of work. The duvet was extra fluffy which I totally appreciate. Bathrooms are large for London standards. Nice vanity, huge walk-in shower with good water pressure. Lighting over vanity was not the best but everything else was so nice I can overlook.  I had access to the executive lounge and it is one of the best I have ever experienced. I received fabulous service every night by an employee that deserves a shout out.…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent London Hotel ideally located,"Great, welcoming hotel just off the South bank so a great location from which to explore an amazing city. Great bar and restaurant.  My go to hotel in London whether staying over or just popping in for food and drink.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay at top Hotel!,"Had a great couple of days/nights at Hilton bankside! Really nice rooms, great service and the breakfeast was way better than expected. Would definately recommend this Hotel to everyone! You could basically walk to all the big sightseeing locations as long as you don’t mind 30 min extra time of travel, so the location is very good too!",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel in a great central location,"Really nice hotel. Great rooms, clean and decent size for London. We used the Pool and gym which were also good. Jacuzzi is not heated though, just a section of the pool. The bar downstairs had the most amazing whiskies and the bartender was very knowledgeable.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay,"We stayed in the Hilton Bankside for a weekend and we loved it! The service is fantastic, all hotel employees really strive to deliver the best service possible. The room we stayed in was very spacious and had a fantastic design with superior materials and a very comfortable king size bed. Breakfast buffet was excellent with many different choices in (fresh) food available. Location is good, near a tube station but also walking distance to London City. Great!",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or965-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,South of the Thames Stay,The Hilton Bankside is an ideal location for those with work to attend to on the southside of the Thames.  It is also well located to be a base for touring London.  Another positive of the location is that it is centrally located that you can walk to a large number of major tourist sites in less than an hour.  And all along the way to your destination are essential London viees.  Local restaurants are also very good and varied within a five minute walk.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stayed and hire ballroom for sister wedding,"Stayed 10th -12th November for my sister wedding,Please make sure when getting a complementary room please check before hand, room given the night before was a twin room which not fit for a bride to get ready, we upgrade for a discount price, However the rooms are modern, clean and the staff are so professional and helpful. Parking on weekends are free after 12-noon with limited spaces, on the day of check- in , £50 will be taken from your account and release a few days later, service charge if you pay for you breakfast before hand  and order room service you be charged £4 a time. Overall experience 8/10",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Beautiful hotel, very friendly staff. Amazing room. Loved the shower in the wet room. Comfortable king size bed. Very quite & blackout curtains in room. Breakfast was fabulous. So much to choose from. Not far from tube station.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely wedding but feels like a rip off,"We stayed last night for a wedding, the hotel, room, food etc was lovely and so it should be for a new Hilton Hotel.  However we feel totally ripped off on prices for a number of things:  Checked in and was told £50 to be taken from card for “incidentals” which would be credited back. On check out we then find that the money is actually debited (not just held) so for every guest Hilton are taking £50 and holding and then crediting back a couple of days later!!!  Bar prices were frankly disgusting - £11 for a single spirit and mixer with one mixer being poured from a carton of pineapple juice - £5 for a splash of pineapple!!! Plus to add insult the bar automatically adds 12.5% service charge for when you’re going to the bar and getting your own drink - how does that justify any…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hotel stay at Bankside Hilton,"Great place, wonderful rooms. Parking an issue so prepare to scout around the area as car parks are nearby but can fill up quickly. rooms very comfortable and executive lounge nice although quite small",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or970-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Care Awards in London ,"I stayed overnight with friends to attend an awards ceremony last night.  Booking, check in and all staff were exceptionally kind and helpful. The room was clean. You can see the staff take pride in their work. This morning my friends and I have had a fabulous breakfast. So much choice from continental to English, fresh bread, pastries, cereals, fresh fruit. My goodness you name it they served it.  My waitress Malika Mahmudova made sure we had everything we needed and was extremely helpful and attentive.   I hope to stay again. A big thank you to all the staff you have made my stay very pleasurable.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Dull rooms,"Poor executive lounge breakfast, literally no service which was frustrating.  Did not receive any complimentary water which as I should have.  Room was very clean but very minimal and not decorative or colourful like the reception or lounge, was quite dissapointing. ",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Return trip for business,"So pleased to have another course at BSO so I could stay at Bankside again! Warm welcome and swift check in. Our room on the second floor was very spacious, clean and comfortable. Pool a good size for a central hotel. Gym not bad either. Executive lounge was excellent once more and special thanks to Gergely, a lovely, friendly, professional member  of staff who is an asset to the team. Looking forward to returning in December as a non business guest so I can enjoy the hotel more in a leisurely way.  Hotel very well located. Union St car park close by. A good nights sleep - didnt hear a thing!",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Super Location, Rooms Cleaned Twice a Day, Friendly Staff","The hotel is a one-minute walk from Tate Modern and a 3-minute walk from London Bridge. It took me just 30 minutes to get from London City Airport to the hotel (by public transport). The rooms are beautifully decorated, with a bathroom that includes a rain shower head. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was cleaned twice a day. I had a great time here.",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Loved the Hilton Bankside,I come to this very often and I feel it is located very well. I like the facilities and the staff is great. I come almost every week. I would come back to the hotel as I enjoyed my time. Thank you very much for making my trip so memorable.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or975-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location matched by great facilities and staff,When we stay over in London we now choose this hotel due to it's great location (>10 minutes walk to Southwark tube and the National theatre) and also it's near to Borough Market. Also the facilities are great - particularly the Exec lounge where breakfast is excellent as are afternoon tea and pre-dinner drinks/ snacks. The staff are very friendly and helpful as well.  This trip our only issue was with the turn down service one evening where housekeeping tried to turn down at 16:30 and when asked to come back didn't (she couldn't speak any English and clearly didn't understand the request) but on notifying the front desk on our return from dinner we were supplied with clean towels etc.. This is a great find and lovely to find such a well run hotel in London. We'll be back soon..,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location and staff pity about soundproofing,I booked a couple of nights for a birthday treat for my mum and managed to get a good deal on one of those secret hotel sites. The location of the hotel is very good - very close to the Tate modern within walking distance of the major sites in the South Bank and the rest of London. It is a very modern hotel with a lovely smell in the lobby - the room itself was not very generous although the bathroom was very large and had nice features of speakers to be able to listen to music. The hotel bar was nice with a band playing the night we were in there. The disappointing fact was that on the second night we were there they were hosting a ball - given our room was on the first floor and this was two floors down in the basement the fact we could hear the music until the small hours was…,Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb hotel,Staff and facilities were excellent A really enjoyable stay  i would recommend the breakfast selection as a must  We can’t wait to stay at the hotel again  So will definitely book here to stay on our return trip ,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing amazing amazing ,"Wow what a delightful surprise. We went as a group for Sunday lunch and it was fabulous. Great food, great atmosphere with live music and great service. Our waiter Juan Vasquez was so attentive to the children and all staff were Friendly and efficient. Thank you Hilton. Second visit to your facilities in two weeks and you haven’t disappointed. ",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel as a Hilton Diamond,"Really liked this hotel, but as a Hilton Diamond, my experience may be squed. Staff were very nice and efficient. Quick check in, on first night they were full, so no upgrade, but clerk checked and assured me she could upgrade me the rest of the trip. As Diamond I received free breakfast in either the lounge or the restaurant. Room for the first night was a regular room. It was well thought out for the modern traveler, with lots of plum ins and USB charging ports (including bedside). Bathroom was nice with typical Hilton amenities.  After night 1, I packed up my stuff and left it in the room when I left for the day. I came back and was moved to a 1 bedroom suite. This had a bedroom like my original room, but then had and extra 1/2 bath and a living room. This included free…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or980-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel!,First time at this hotel in London.  All staff extremely friendly.  You can tell how this hotel trains their staff from the top down.  Excellent restaurant and great food variety in the executive lounge.,Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,World's comfiest bed!,"Had a rapid 1 night stay here on a work trip. After a long day at a conference, the Hilton London Bankside was exactly what I needed. Super clean, ultra modern, great service, lovely food. What more could you want?  Highlight - other than the bed, which was AMAZING, the service was top notch. Malika Mahmudova, in particular, was extremely attentive at breakfast time. I was saying to my colleague that I've visited a Hilton in the States and the service there was the best I've ever experienced in a hotel. Well, it seems Hilton invest in keeping that consistent no matter where in the world you stay as the 'feel' from the London Bankside staff was so familiar - hats off to them.  Lowlight - my room, although lovely, was a easy access / disabled room. No bath :-(. Would have been…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel Experience,"Professional friendly and helpful staff, good fiid and restaurant service and clean well appointed guest rooms that are ample sized compared to others in London. Beds were very comfortable and no problem with noise.  ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"We had really nice time in this hotel, very well located and with very nice personnel. We will come again. Special thanks to Mr Dylan Hieu who took good care of us during our breakfasts and to another waiter (don't know his name) who bring to my daughter a small gift box ;-) ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Stayed for two nights by myself while attending a conference.  The hotel is excellent, from your always friendly welcome as you walk in right through to the quality of the communal areas and my room I couldn’t fault anything.  Soft drinks and water are provided free of charge from the in room fridge, the bed was large and very comfortable and the whole room was spotless.  Breakfast had an extensive selection of continental and cooked options served in a buffet.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or985-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday,Checked in for my bday celebrations with my husband and children. Rooms were hot and stuffy and not at all pleasant to be in. Ordered olives at the bar only the be told 30 mins later there wasn’t any! In all I think this was an unpleasant stay at a London hotel.   ,Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Worth every penny!,"I spent 2 nights at Hilton London Bankside and it was fantastic! It was booked as a birthday treat for my friend, so it was definitely more expensive than I’d usually pay for a city break, but it was definitely worth it.   From check in, the attentiveness of the staff was evident and did not wane. We stayed in an executive twin with lounge access.   The room was beautiful and comfortable, with an amazing bathroom. The beds were very comfortable with high quality bedding. The executive lounge was such a treat. I wasn’t really sure what to expect, but I wasn’t disappointed. You can access the lounge which serves drinks and food throughout the day. The staff were fantastic, and one gentleman even brought hot chocolates up to our room for us.   We ate in the restaurant on the first…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good Service,"The service was excellent, though I must admit the breakfast experience was bit confusing, it was only on the second day we find the meat and cheese. I always liked tomato juice as well but they didn't have any. Rooms were are good.",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,2 Great Nights In London,"We had a great stay at this property!  Traveling with our children so booked 2 rooms-because of our gold status we were upgraded to top floor of hotel and also offered breakfast each day.  Our rooms were wonderful- each had a very comfy couch and equally comfy bed.  We had great views of the area outside and even though the train was near by, the rooms were so quiet.  AC worked great and the entire staff was so helpful.  This was a special occasion trip and when were entered our room their was a beautiful tray of desserts waiting for us.  Location of hotel was excellent, we travel to London often but this was the first time we stayed in this property.  Breakfast was wonderful each day and we ate dinner in the hotel one night and everything was delicious.  Would definately…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,Excellent hotel and great location for anyone doing work in the City.  Lovely staff and for those who have use of the executive lounge Gergely is absolutely charming and attentive.  Really lovely pool.  Steak in the restaurant was exceptional.,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or990-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great value; great hotel,"I enjoyed my few days stay at this Hilton immensely. It is very well located, particularly for the Tate Modern and Borough Market. The hotel is modern and chic, with the signature comfortable rooms of a Hilton. The staff was superb.  I felt that I was at a top luxury hotel during my stay, like a Four Seasons, the service and amenities were so good. There is a pool but I did not go to it.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Quiet nice hotel with great service,"Stayed here for 5 days during my business trip. Although my room didn't have a great view outside, the interior room design was warm and cozy. The staff were friendly and the breakfast was absolutely fabulous! The hotel is located within walking distance to Tower Bridge and London Eye. Really enjoyed my stay!",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,2 Days in London,"Stayed with my wife on the last 2 days of our holiday. Staff in hotel were friendly professional and helpfull. Concierge and Executive Lounge staff were very helpfull and friendly. Ameninities were new clean and modern, funky bar an restaurant. Easy to access from Underground and lots to see and explore around the area.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent attention to detail,"Excellent attention to detail, beautiful environment and design.  The staff is amazing and extremely helpful. Most friendly and helpful consierges Spacious room and very comfy bed! Te OXO bar is a great place to enjoy a bespoke cocktail.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,TLC on steroids!,"What an amazing experience.  Booked the executive room. Got lounge access included which provided breakfast, morning tea, afternoon tea, happy hour and dinner bubbles. Big room great service. Staff who go the extra mile to accommodate all our needs.  Great location close to Tate Modern, Borough Markets, The Shard. Easy access to the central city.  Great place to base yourself for a stay in London. Only caution: many staff do not have English as first language.  Not an issue if you take time to detail your needs",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or995-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Our new favourite!,"We have stayed here 3 times this year, and have had exceptional experiences each time. Rooms are a good size and immaculate. Very comfy bed. Lovely executive lounge with friendly helpful staff- just a shame it’s internal with no windows. Check in/our always easy with lovely staff. Bar is expensive, as you’d probably expect for a Hilton in London. Plenty on restaurants near by, the globe and Tate are a very short walk, borough market about 10 minutes walk at the most. Nearest tube- Southwark is about 5 minutes walk. Waterloo is about a 10-15 minutes walk. Convenience stores next door. The only down side we’ve found is nowhere very close by for a late night drink or takeaway- hotel bar closes at midnight. Just eat have plenty of delivery options if like us, you need something…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel , location , friendly staff","Staying for 2 nights 23rd and 24h before our return to Australia . Good location , rooms are nice , and a good exec lounge , with friendly staff . Only downside has been , when we left our room at 11am , with a please make up sign on door and returned at 3pm to rest , room still wasn't made up . We had to make a request for it to be done , and waited in lounge with a request to be notified when complete . No one let us know it was finished . A small inconvenience,  that wouldn't stop us staying again in the future .",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best Price and service ,"I have stayed with my wife in a one bedroom deluxe suite with lounge access connected with a king executive room with lounge access for my daughter.  All the staff of the Hotel from the smallest employee to their high management are so professional, kind, and made us feel at home.  I have stayed 20 days , there were some mistakes in the beginning but they were all solved and corrected.  I’m very delighted that I have stayed in this hotel.  The breakfast was so delicious in the main restaurant and the staff were so friendly.  The food and drinks in the lounge was tasty and the service was great.  The Hotel is surrounded by beautiful restaurants , very close to the river Thames , Borough market is just in a walking distance along with London eye.  Finally I recommended this hotel…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb ,"Got to be said this possibly was one of the best Hilton hotels stayed in - yes location is a little bit “funky” little bit council estate, little bit posh.  Staff are great, would recommend that you upgrade to executive or join the Hilton honours scheme as the Saturday night between 6 and 8 you have complimentary drinks - during the day you also can have access to the lounge (worth looking on website)  Room was massive, plus bathroom was bigger than my own bedroom at home (don’t judge lol)  Can be busy at check in / checkout but have some patience   Anyway just want to say a big thanks to the team at the hotel - I would recommend you to everyone ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Good service, Room design!","The concierge service of Hilton Bankside is the best I've experienced in  my 15 days travel in the UK. Eddie, warmly welcomed us and helped to take the luggage to the room. The design of the lobby and room is perfect. The negative is there's a bad smell in the bath room, maybe there's something wrong of the sewer. Tate Modern is very close to the hotel and it worth to have a look at it.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1000-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Stayed here for one night in an Exec Room with lounge access.   Staff were super friendly, room was large, clean with an amazing bathroom.   Beds super comfortable and soft drinks were complimentary from minibar.   The Exec Lounge offered fresh sandwiches and afternoon tea during the day and then complimentary alcoholic beverages and light bites in the evening. Really great value for money.   Decent wines and branded spirits available; including sparkling wine.   Location is good. £7-8 in an Uber from Kings Cross. ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Odd,"I got back from trip to Europe in September and keep thinking about how odd my stay was at this hotel. By far, this was the most disappointing hotel out of all of the ones I stayed at. The problem? Customer Service.   Every question I would ask the concierge was met with either badly-hidden judgment or no real answer.   Great example. I was talking a train to Edinburgh and asked them typically how long it takes to get to the station from the hotel by taxi. They couldn't answer. Then I asked them how early I should arrive at the station to catch the train. Couldn't tell me. Looked at me weird. Said you go to the train station and get on the train.Hmmm....  When I got in the cab, the taxi driver had no problem letting me know to get there 30 min early to catch it.   I loved the…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Best UK Hilton experience so far, staff are excellent as are the hotel and facilities, excellent location, breakfast super, the gym is compact but the swimming pool is a great way to wind down, well worth a visit",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews, best guess care ,"  Spent seven nights at Hilton Bankside , the first three nights were in a corner suite 149 which had large window that made the bedroom brighter. Then I moved to Deluxe​ twin room no 245 which was facing the side street but had large window. Both rooms were very comfortable, modren,well maintained and I believe its one of the largest in London.  This hotel has the best guest services I ever had. I travel a lot and confirm that all hotel staff had the same level of guest service manners starting from the door man to the restaurant waiters.  Reception staff were very welcoming, understanding and helpful all the time. Same as the concierge. Although it was my first time to stay at this part of London, I can say its was good experience. Plenty of things you can do In this part of…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The comfiest bed you will ever sleep in!,"This is my favourite hotel to stay at in London and should set the standard for what all Hiltons are like. In fact, I’d class this more of a Conrad/Waldorf style property rather than a Hilton.  The hotel oozes style before you even step through the doors.  Depending on the time of year, or if there’s any big events in London (i.e. Wimbledon), there will always be a stunning display outside the hotel and in the reception area.  Now we’re getting closer to Christmas, I’m looking forward to seeing what they do this year!  The staff are incredible as well; namely Ana, HJ and Per. They’re always happy to take the time and stop to have a catch-up or to see if there’s anything I need.  The way I sell this hotel to my friends and colleagues is by saying it has the most comfortable bed…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1005-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Loved this hotel!,"Fantastic stay at Hilton Bankside! I cannot say enough about the staff at this location. Always a smile with a good morning, helpful tips, answer any questions you have and happy to do so. If you need anything, they quickly respond. One night I left my purse in the bar (not realizing I had done so) and I awoke to a letter under my door letting me know that they had my purse. Hubby wanted desert one night when we walked back to hotel and the restaurant had already closed (we didn't realize it). When we told the hostess that he wanted a sweet, she seated us and he got his dessert and I had some tea. They were telling us it was no problem and happily served us. In a world where most people are in a hurry and can't give you the time of day, it was a true breath of fresh air! You…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful small Hilton hotel,"The entrance is quite unassuming, but the lobby is filled with helpful hosts.  Excellent Gin bar and fabulous breakfast in the main dining room (a steak house in the evening) The Ballroom and Meeting rooms are on the lower level and surprisingly spacious for a small hotel.  We had a double occupancy room that was adequate size (411 - no view but very good indirect natural light) with a spacious bathroom and great shower.  Very close to Tate Modern. Not so close to Underground station.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Probably the best hotel I have stayed at,"I stayed in the Hilton Bankside hotel for 2 nights.  From previous decades, I have been to many hotels around the world. But putting everything together (room, service, staff, food and location), I would say your hotel is the best.  It is often the little points that are the most noticeable. Every member of staff made a point to say hello or good morning, even when they appeared to be very busy.  The hotel layout is very clean and modern. Service is quick and professional (but happy to talk and give a personal feel).  I had breakfast and dinner twice, the food was great every time. There is a lot of choice for the breakfast.  As for the room, it is usually the same two items that cause me issues at any hotel, pillows and A/C systems. Pillows are usually too small or too hard and…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great family stay,"Perfect for the five of us. Pool was good / breakfast very nice and also dinner was excellent. Rooms clean, staff friendly and location very good. I would certainly come back to this hotel again and obviously I do recommend this hotel!",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel! ,"This is a beautiful hotel in a great location The bottomless brunch at OXBO was fabulous, lovely food and live music! The hotel staff are fantastic, and our room was lovely and modern. We'll definitely be back! A credit to the Hilton brand! ",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1010-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect ,"Stayed 1 night in an executive king room this hotel is top notch ! In great up and coming area bankside , room was huge with a fabulous bathroom, executive lounge best I've been in afternoon tea from 3/5 drinks inc wine beer prosecco and some spirits from 5 30 / 7 30 and the accompanying food was great as we had been out for lunch didnt need dinner , staff all really friendly hotel smells wonderful , on the map this hotel looks a little out the way that is not the case at all everything is 10/15 mins away me and my husband even walked back to Liverpool Street station took about 25 mins across London Bridge can't wait to go back !! Pool area lovely if there was one thing just missed a sauna or steam room .",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Hotel! ,"As a Hilton Honour Dimond member I have stayed in many hotels, this is probably one of the best!   Great decor, fantastic rooms and very helpful staff  We stumbled upon the restaurant OXBO which did a fantastic all day bottomless brunch, similar to the sort of thing you'd get in Dubai or Vegas. Excellent buffet at a very good price   We booked the room a few days out, only 40k HH points for a night which is very good value given the standard of hotel, great Exec lounge as well for members  I can't recommend the hotel highly enough!",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,hilton hot spot,"Excellent stylish  hotel ,spacious rooms , fab bar and friendly staff.  Great location across the road from Tate and walking distance to Borough Market ,the Globe and London Eye. Be sure to use the bus which stops by the hotel the route takes you all the way to Covent Garden and London Bridge the other way for only £ 1.50",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Luxury stay,A lovely hotel which is extremely comfortable. The staff are very attentive and pleasant. Breakfast is a great choice and waiting staff look after your every wish. I was part of a large party and we were all impressed.,Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Posh and Comfortable,"Leaving do in the Hiltons was not what I expected.  Drinks 2 for 1 (Happy Hour) and then Dinner in the restaurant.  Staff were very very friendly and helpful, 100% service at all times and made us feel welcome and relaxed.  The hotel was very clean and tidy.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1015-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton I've stayed at,"Sometimes I'm disappointed by Hilton Hotels (eg. Gatwick) but having stayed in probably 10 of them over the past years this one is by far the best I've found. Closest similar hotel is probably the Mondrian. Great bars and restaurants, really clean modern rooms, decent service from staff throughout. Not the cheapest but if you compare to the Waldorf for example, I'd choose this hotel every time.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Business trip,All staff were very welcoming and friendly. High standard of cleanliness in all areas if the hotel. Evening meal was superb and there was an excellent selection of food available at breakfast. Would definitely stay again. ,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Look no farther,"This was an absolutely wonderful hotel. Clean, great rooms and very helpful staff. We were in London for 2 weeks and by far the best hotel we stayed at. The concierge recommendations for dinners were excellent. Loved being able to walk to great locations and the bus stop is close. Cozy beds, beautiful rooms, comfy robes, I can't say enough great things about our stay here. ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,what a Hilton?,"when you come to a Hilton 5-Star Hotel and you have the Gold Status available, you would expect to take Advantage of your Status. this is the case with most large Hotel Groups, but not with Hilton. Here you to book via Hilton, else you don`t get anything. Furthermore I requested an invoice including the creditory amount for the prepaid Hotel stay. This is not possible. else the room itself was nice, even so not Meeting my 5-star expectation, since it was quite small, but a very nice bathroon!!",Date of stay: October 2017,2.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Everything was great!,"I stayed with a friend while sightseeing in London. We had two very comfy beds. The room is modern, clean. Bathroom is of decent size. The staff was very helpful and quick to respond (had an issue with the TV and they sent someone right up, they also helped with directions).  The hair dryer included is very nice.  Didn't experience any noise issues.  Very close to a Tesco Express.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1020-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good but could be better ,We stayed here on a weekend as we were using the conference room downstairs. The room was very nice comfy bed and pillows. Small selection of free soft drinks a bonus.  Was slightly irritated that the coffee wasn't replenished the following day and after I had boiled the kettle was left with no coffee to put in the cup.  Also the volume of the TV is louder in the bathroom than in the bedroom so expect to do all your singing and dancing in their.  Bathroom again was superb as you would expect from a 5* establishment.  Biggest gripe was with their being a swimming pool I expected a sauna or steam room and neither existed. Also the jacuzzi was built into the pool very badly designed because in a jacuzzi the water temperature should be quite hot but it was lukewarm same as the pool…,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent facilities at Hilton Bankside,"Only stayed the 1 evening, but very well looked after by the staff. We used the Executive Lounge all day on our first day, excellent facility and saved costs as didn't have to hire a room for a meeting with 2 colleagues",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel Great Location,Loved this hotel. Minutes from the Shard  and market. Hotel was just built and the entire property was well decorated with a very cool vibe. The indoor pool is beautiful. It is a great location without the madness.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel for a Long Time,"My partner and I stay in a lot of hotels in different places, and I must say this place exceeded all expectations. I had read the reviews before so I knew it would be nice but didn't expect the level of service we received. Every member of staff in the hotel was so friendly and welcoming. The food in the restaurant was out of this world, and again the service was impeccable. I was so pleased with our room, the bed was very comfy and the bathroom was beautiful with a very powerful and spacious shower. A nice sized TV in the room in a good place to view from the bed, and wow they actually had plug sockets next to the bed.... both sides - which is a massive plus for people who stay in hotels often and know how rare this is. We ordered breakfast to our room for the morning, and…",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Luxury in London,"I recently stayed at the Hilton Bankside while my husband was on business and I truly enjoyed my time in the hotel.    The room: The bed was large and comfortable with nice bedding and good black out curtains.  The room was quite large by London standards and all of the furniture was chic and modern - it seems to have been designed recently.   The shower was heaven - it was large and included a rain shower and a normal shower - the robes were high quality.  The tv was modern and large and you had the option of having the sound play in the bathroom.  The rooms were quite quiet for a hotel.  Our room was on the 3rd floor and I highly recommend the room we had.  Location: The location is right across from the Tate Modern.  You can easily walk to the London Bridge (20 minutes), the…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1025-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location and beautiful hotel,"We stayed at Hilton London Bankside for three nights in july 2017. We have always stayed at CitizenM a few hundred meters down the road, but wanted to try a new hotel at the same location. And wow! What an upgrade! Just loved every bit of our stay, and the receptionist who welcomed us was a really nice guy, Turned out he was from a place not far away from where we live. He even gave us complimentary beakfast, so kind of him! Keep this man forever! I think his name was Pär.   The rooms were spacious and the bathroom had good size. Nice interior and a luxury feeling of everything. The location is really good, and we can't find one thing to complain about. Will definitely stay again !",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Service!,"This was our first stay at the Hilton London Bankside and hopefully it will not be our last, from the moment we booked in we found the staff outstanding and helpful at all times, we had a nice spacious room and breakfast was of high quality with so much choice. Tate Modern is very close and the Southbank Centre is a short walk away by the Thames. Highly Recommended!",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding time at bar,"Skip the restaurant and spend your night with Peter at the bar. Amazing service, recommendations, and entertainment. Had a fantastic time and will definitely come back!  Amazing selection of guns from many regions. ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice but not wow worthy,"This was a nice hotel I just am not wowed. As a newer build I felt the hotel lacked personality (although smells lovely). When traveling to London I am realizing you either get a rundown room in a more historic building, or a nice clean room that is “cookie cutter”.  It is also in a location that doesn’t bring much to the table, its on “the other side” of the Thames. I suppose for that area it is a great option but for a traveler who has choicesI would recommend a more central location. The downside of being on the east side of the Thames is the tube lines are not as accessible. And with all of the terrorist plots taking place on Thames bridges, I just feel better avoiding when possible. The rooms are clean, quiet and spacious.  Room service was where I had my most negative…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"We were there for vacation and had a great stay. The hotel is close to everything and they have a great bar and restaurant as well. The staff is very helpful. The bed, pillows and blanket were great. Would stay again. ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1030-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location and great executive lounge,"I was here for work we took advantage of the Exec lounge for business meetings.  Plenty of space to work in a relaxed atmosphere with tea/ coffee and breakfast , lunch and dinner facilities in the lounge. I would highly recommend this hotel if coming for business.   Also , the hotel would work well for holidays given the location and lovely design of the hotel and rooms.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,It's about getting the little things right ......,"We visited the Hilton Bankside for a multi night business stay -   Positives - great location with proximity to Borough Markets, Gordon Ramsey's Union St Cafe, close to Soouthwark station which means you can walk or cycle everywhere.   John the concierge was top notch - personable helpful and knowledgeable.   Negatives  Total lack of attention to detail. This started when I checked in and continued for the duration of my stay.  I had to ring down multiple times just to have my bags delivered to the room. Our rooms were never serviced properly or consistently two days running. Missing towels, unreplaced shampoos, failure to collect laundry after multiple requests, failure to restock coffee / mini bar items. The list is almost endless. Nothing in itself mind blowingly bad but when…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Value for money,"This business hotel is value for money. Offers excellent English and Continental breakfast. Excellent service. Spacious rooms. Also has conference facilities, and is a popular venue for corporate gatherings",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Business or pleasure, great location, excellent service provision",Simple fast checkin.  Service provision and room excellent.  Good breakfast choices. Concierge staff were excellent and nothing was too much trouble. Great location to walk to the globe and borough market etc - would recommend and stay here again.,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,If you want to feel special in London,Having spent 7 days visiting 6 countries in Europe we arrived at the Hilton Bankside in London and greeted like members of the Royal Family (at least how I imagine they would be?)  The hotel is just two years old and the staff are determined to provide the five star rating they have.   The taxi pulled into the hotel driveway and the doorman removed our cases and guided us to the check in. On route four members of staff greeted us and the check in was fast and very professional. In no time we were in our room greeted by a welcome note from the manager and a plate of fresh fruit. The bellman opened the luggage racks and lifted our luggage onto them and gave us a tour of the rooms amenities.   Coming from Los Angeles it was refreshing to see the wide range of electrical outlets and…,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1035-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay - top service,"I stayed for one night, arrived early and check-in was already prepered (as inquired) by the very friendly and helpful staff. Modern furnished spacious room, very functional working desk. Top notch breakfast buffet and excellent service.  If you have business nearby i can only recommend staying here.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"A nice and cheap 5 star hotel, booked a standard room which was pretty large for london standards, location is good with tube and bus for covent garden nearby. Breakfast complete, staff helpful. A five star hotel should furnish at least slippers in room.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but can't be trusted,"We use a common travel agency.  By adding an  additional night Hilton Bankside justified this as a ""cancellation"" and ""new reservation"" and thus billed for two nights per night stay.  In my view fraud.    Nice hotel and  location,  but make sure you know what you are doing or the ""guest relations"" will screw you.",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
1042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Amazing Hotel, lovely staff","I have been staying in this hotel regularly for around 18 months, at least every fortnight. It is the nicest hotel that I have stayed in, in London. The rooms are modern and spotlessly clean, the pool is warm and always quiet, the staff are exceptionally welcoming and helpful. They do the best omelettes for breakfast and the bar is expensive but has a nice atmosphere. Location is fantastic, really close to Borough Market and just round the corner from Southwalk tube and Waterloo. Loads of places to eat nearby.Definitely worth a visit",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,I can honestly say that this is one of the best hotels I have stayed at.   The check in was smooth and well handled even though I had three separate reservations which often can lead to confusion. The room was well designed in a dark modern decor with subtle industrial vibes. The bed was very comfortable.   We had breakfast included in our rate - and what a treat! Everything was so fresh. Only complaint I can muster is that the croissants tend to be soft and not crispy and flaky. After breakfast we were able to enjoy the pool area - which is very refreshing after a night out in London.   One evening we dropped down to the bar with a few of our friends are we were served wonderfully. We did not get to try the restaurant but the menu looked really good.   The hotel is about 5…,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1040-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Now my favourite London hotel!,"I visit London a lot and have stayed in many different hotels including Hilton, Doubletree, Hampton etc, but now I need search no more when staying in London - this hotel is fantastic!  From the amazingly friendly and helpful reception staff to the lounge, bar and restaurant staff, everyone was fantastic. The gin bar is fabulous, the Executive Lounge is very nicely decorated with a great afternoon tea and drinks at certain hours, and the restaurant is also very nicely decorated. The whole place is very pleasing on the eye. The room was very spacious and comfortable with a good shower/bath. Breakfast in the restaurant was buffet style but very very good - I had the best omelette I think I've ever tasted on the first morning. The staff in there were also ultra-friendly. Well done…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in Town,"Originally was staying here for 2 nights on business and ended up staying 4 nights.....2 on leisure Why......this hotel is phenomenal. The staff  are out of this world and always have a smile and a "" how are you"" attitude.  The service is superb.....breakfast is to die for and housekeeping are the best I have come across anywhere in the world.  This hotel has style, class and good old fashioned hospitality. The executive lounge, both facilities and team are a credit to Hilton and OXBO puts the Shard to shame. If you want quality, Very high standards, but a place that feels like home and us extremely welcoming......then this is the hotel for you. Thank you Hilton Bankside.....amazing   Andrew",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great New Hilton in London,We stayed only one night over the last weekend in the Bankside Hilton. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The rooms and interior of the Hilton is great. For the birthday of my daughter they organized a small cake in the room. The executive club is good but I didn't like the opening times and the restricted time slots serving food and drinks compared to e.g. the Old Town Hilton Prague or Moscow. I highly recommend the location and hotel and will come back for sure thanks to the staff.,Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,All the amenities ,"Excellent hotel located on the south side of the river.  Modern amenities throughout.  Spacious, quiet rooms.  Comfortable bed.  Nice shower.  Room fully equipped.  24 hour gym and pool with large variety of equipment.  Great executive lounge.  Close to tube station and Borough Market.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
1048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel in a fabulous location.,"Hilton is a large chain and we always try to stay at their Hampton Inns when we are on the road in the U.S. The reason for this is that the quality is usually excellent and this quality, cleanliness and service is predictable. That's the reason we chose the London Hilton Bankside twice in the past two years. The experience was so good that we will seek to stay here again.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1045-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent stay, great location, friendly staff","Stayed here alone Monday-Friday to attend a conference nearby. Staff couldn't be more welcoming. I had a Junior Suite which was very comfortable, nice touch that everything in the mini bar except alcohol was free.  Made good use of the Executive Lounge where there was a lovely choice of snacks and drinks all day long.  Location was great for my conference on the Southbank, took me 10-15 mins to walk each day.  Would definitely return if I was staying in London again.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great location, very snazzy rooms.",Great location. Great access to borough market and south bank. Rooms are great and contemporary with nice bathrooms and lovely showers. Service was good and efficient. Only negativity would be steepness of bar prices and auto tip!!,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Stayed here for first time and could not find fault with anything! Room was luxurious, food was great, location perfect but most importantly every single member of staff was very courteous and the breakfast dining experience was superb!",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A few tips if you are going to stay at this hotel,"Just stayed here, the rooms are very new, this is one of the nicest Hilton's in London.  Wanted to share a few tips with you: 1.  Right down the street near the hotel are a Tesco's and a Sainsbury.  I found it easy to walk to the stores and buy food for my room.  In each room is a nice sized drawer refrigerator that you can store your food in. 2.  Ask for more shampoo and conditioner.  Somehow there was never shampoo or conditioner in the tubes they gave me.  I wondered if the maid service was just giving me the used ones back, or if they did not have them fully filled.  Very strange, just ask them to send you more up to your room. 3.  The power situation in the room is strange.  I had trouble charging my phone and had to take it to the concierge to be charged.  If you turn off…",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
1053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wedding ,We stayed here for my cousins wedding. The rooms were lovely. The decor was great and had all the facilities needed for a great overnight stay. As we were there for a wedding the hotel catered for all of our family. The check-in was very smooth and the receptionists were very friendly and helpful. The showers are great. The breakfasts were also very good with a great selection available.,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1050-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Highly recommend,"A great hotel with wonderful staff! Beautifully designed, great rooms and outstanding food! I would highly recommend this hotel for any occasion although we went for a romantic weekend! The wife was extremely satisfied (with the hotel not me) ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Staff,"Staff was very friendly. Very modern hotel with great amenities. Located in a quieter section of the city if you want to get away from the hustle and bustle, while still being close to the action. Close to the tube and convenience stores. Walking distance from the Thames.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"6 Night stay, bit too posh for me.","I stayed here due to work commitments in London. I stayed for 6 nights and had breakfast delivered to the room every morning by 6 AM due to starting work at 7AM.  I arrived and the check in staff were efficient if a little abrupt. I put that down to English not being their first language to be completely honest. To my surprise even though the room was paid for in advance they wanted to take £300 from my account and keep it on hold for a security deposit. My first response was 'your having a laugh' and after negotiating with the check in staff I got it down to £150. To be honest I understand why they do this but it is a bit naughty as nowhere on my confirmations said this was going to happen. Hilton do need to make that clearer.  Up to the room and It was dark, moody and perfect…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,one night stop over before disney start the holiday early,Stayed one night before heading to euro disney im a staff and gold member so stay in alot of hilton but this one is by far the best hilton ive stayed in the staff are the most friendliest and helpful ive come across. we stayed in 555 great view off the shard only down side we only stayed one night but will be booking for an christmas break hope to this time have a splash in the pool.,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely excellent.,"Absolutely excellent. One of the best 4 star hotels I have ever stayed in, and I have stayed in a lot of 4 and 5 star. Great breakfast, great service, great room, really welcoming and nice staff, great location.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1055-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel but a little out of the way,Nice rooms.  Very clean and updated.  Pool was excellent.  Breakfast was good with good options.  Out of the beat and path.  Would probably stay elsewhere in the future as London traffic made it tough to go 3 to 5 miles from location.  Wifi could have been better.  Didn't upgrade for $10 pounds per day.  Wifi was a little slow and drop from time to time.  Provided umbrellas as it did rain on us 2 out of 8 nights.,Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location rooms and value,"For a week end stay it would be hard to beat for quality and value in this location. Walk to Waterloo, Tate modern, National Theatre. Very comfy beds. Quiet. Great bathroom. Fun bar. Efficient reception.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton I have been to,"If you are looking for a top quality hotel in a nice quiet spot, but still close to everything, then come stay here.  A 5 minute walk (max) from Southwark tube station.  The staff are fantastic and attentive to all your needs, from Front Desk and Concierge through to the staff in the Bar, restaurant and executive lounge.  This is a relatively new hotel and the quality of the rooms reflects this - pure luxury and quality everywhere you look.  I have stayed in many Hilton hotels around the World and this one is now my favourite.  Many thanks for making my stay so great.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London,"I stayed in about 10 Hiltons in London and got really speechless getting to this hotel. I arrived at the hotel (5min walk from the underground station) and did not know where to look: the place is modern, clean and all super designed..One of the first hotels where the staff is present (not short of staff)..It really felt like a 5 star hotel by the quality of its product and its service. I would highly recommend this hotel and I really would like to thank the management team. Your team members truly smile. At last,  I had an amazing service from a reservation agent called Monika Frontczak that helped me to get connecting rooms for me and my friends. She made the whole process smooth (not like your central reservation..) Thank you Bankside..",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Woderful stay at city centre hotel,"Stayed for 2 nights and very happy with the hotel. We chose the most basic rooms but they were immaculate  comfortable, well equiped, spacious and clean.  Staff were on the whole very helpful and courteous, minor issues with cleaning staff aside.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1060-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great option close to Tate Modern,"I'm a Hilton diamond member so got club lounge access but no room upgrade (hotel was fully booked). Having said that the lead in room was very spacious, big comfy bed, everything felt new and fresh and the bathroom was very clean, big and with great water pressure.   I don't know why people have rated the lounge negatively - I liked it.  Great food, drinks and service. The only negative I could find was a lack of view.  ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hilton's in London,"This is a relatively new Hilton hotel which has a really contemporary design and feel.  I'm a HHonors Diamond member one of the benefits is a free mini-bar for soft drinks and snacks and my upgraded room had a reading corner, a first for me!  Great Executive Lounge with a good breakfast along with helpful and friendly staff.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,First class hotel London ,"This hotel looks after its guests in a big way It is in a great area of Southwark with easy access to the Thames river, the Tate modern and you can travel to the city of London very easy by tube or bus (mind your Oyster card) St. Paul's cathedral can be reached by walking over the millennium bridge Go executive level as their high teas are second to none and if you like alcohol it is free at evening mealtime  ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel a short walk from London Waterloo and London Bridge,"I have stayed here with work on a number of occasions now and enjoyed an excellent stay each time.   The hotel itself is quite new and, as you might therefore expect, everything is shiny and new. The rooms are a very good size and the beds are huge and very comfortable - it can be difficult to get up in the morning!  The bar downstairs is excellent and also has a happy hour too - enjoy!",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Stayed here in a family suite (1 king room and one twin room connected). Fantastic rooms, modern and well kept. I have stayed  in London many times and this is by far the best hotel for the price. Tube station is about a 5 minute walk. I believe if you are a Hilton Honors Member you receive complimentary breakfast (check with hotel) that alone saved me at least $75 day for the four of us. Not a bad thing I can say about this hotel, if you are wavering, don't! It's a great choice!",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1065-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best hotel Hilton has,"This is the best Hilton I have ever stayed in, and I have stayed in a lot. The staff are the most helpful and knowledgeable and most welcoming  You have to stay here as it is a new purpose built hotel with large rooms modern features and an executive lounge to die for. The executive lounge has the best food and facilities and size to people ratio, no scrambling to get a seat Situated right behind Tate Modern walks on the waterfront are a great way to relax in an evening away from the noise of the cars and buses of London ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Clean, comfortable , great food, friendly helpful staff, and perfect location. Couldn't fault this stay at all.","Clean, comfortable, great food, friendly helpful staff, and perfect location. Can't fault this hotel. Have already booked another stay. Great hotel with a nice chilled atmosphere. All staff were amazing and couldn't do enough for you ",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
1071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel in a good location for vacation travellers.,"We stayed in an Executive Room at the hotel for a week in August.  All aspects of our stay were excellent.  The room was large and comfortable, the breakfast buffet in the Executive Lounge was ample, offering many choices, and the staff went out of their way to help.  The Executive Lounge offers drinks and snacks in the afternoon and evening.   Highly recommended.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Mini break,"We have just spent three nights at Hilton Bankside London. The hotel is in the perfect location to explore the south bank, and with 5 minute to Southwark tube station on the Jubilee line made t easy to go further afield",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Simply nice,"We had a very nice stay at the Hilton Bankside, the hotel is new the rooms are well equipped and the hotel is very well located nearby everything needed, in addition to that the staff were very friendly and helpful...",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1070-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top Hotel,"I have booked the Hilton London Bankside for numerous meetings and events over the past 6 months as well as accommodation. I have always been impressed by the service at the hotel, every employee I have encountered has always provided a warm welcome and assisted wherever possible. The hotel has been well designed and furnished with its own unique character. It is located very close to the river Thames and Tate museum and is well positioned for access to the rest of London either by utilising the hotel bikes (free to use and made from bamboo), local buses or tube. The restaurant OXBO provides an excellent breakfast with a wide selection available including fresh juices and pancakes / omelettes to order. The restaurant is also a good option for lunch and dinner, they do a great…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,An EXCELELNT hotel,"From arrival to departure, you will be impressed with this comfortable, well positioned hotel near the Tate Modern.  The welcoming and attentive staff on all levels make sure your stay is perfect.  My stay was 12 days, and I was impressed with how many staff new me by name by the end of the stay.  The rooms were well-appointed and have great showers in the bathroom.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel,Central location for Waterloo Station whilst working on business. Extremely clean and well equipped rooms. I personally felt very safe staying here as I was working late returning early hours of the morning on my own. ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great location for the city,"I have stayed at the Hilton Bankside frequently since the end of last year. The hotel is new, has excellent facilities including a pool and is very conveniently located for the City of London.  There is a very good executive lounge and the restaurant provides a great breakfast and an excellent evening meal.  The only downside is that as a diamond member I do not find that the staff at the hotel provide much recognition and room upgrades tend to be unavailable, which is unusual for diamond status members. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Room & Food & Pool - what more is needed!,"Spent 4 nights here and had an absolutely perfect stay.  The room is a nice size (still smallish by US standards, but larger than typical Euro standards) and the bed is very, very comfortable. The in-room fridge has complimentary water and soft drinks which the staff were happy to stock daily with sugar-free soda (which wasn't a standard upon arrival.)  After a 10 hour flight arrived at 10:30 am and was not only given my room, but also offered access to breakfast (which was complimentary for my stay, but certainly not expected on the day of arrival).  I was very impressed with this level of welcome and service!  The room is well laid out with efficient use of 2 closets (fyi...the safe is hiding behind the first closet near the door) and the bathroom is absolutely gorgeous.  An…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1075-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,Amazing experience.. The rooms are spacious and so comfortable. The swimming pool is lovely and the service is exquisite. Very highly recommended. So many touches - too many to mention.   What's not to like?,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant base for a weekend away,"Hotel was welcoming and only 3 mins from the station. The facilities were modern, staff knowledgeable and had a lovely premium feel. Food was great with the executive package - definitely recommend the upgrade! Thank you Hilton! We'll be back!",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Stay,We really enjoyed our stay which was for my husbands 30th birthday. The hotel is in a really good location and just a short walk from London Bridge. We have been to London many times and the rooms are a great size.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel close to the Tate Modern,"Clean modern rooms, wonderful staff and a great executive level lounge in a part of London that not many focus on staying in. Walking distance to Waterloo station and across the street from the Tate Modern I highly recommend this quite and beautiful hotel.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful Hotel, Excellent Staff","Beautiful, modern hotel.  The staff here are excellent and really do go above and beyond to help.  The rooms are a good size (even more so for a London hotel!).  The restaurant is fabulous for breakfast, and the restaurant manager is lovely - he remembered us from our first stay and came to talk on our second stay.  The executive lounge area is one of the best I've seen, and is out of the way from the rest of the hotel guests; it's very peaceful.  Definitely recommend this hotel for a London stay - it's in a good location for all the main attractions, but it's worth staying here, even if you'd have to travel a bit further to go to the place(s) you were in London for.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1080-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great weekend,"2nd time we have stayed here. A really nice hotel, lovely staff and great bedroom. We stayed in the executive room which includes the exec lounge with breakfast, tea and evening drinks included. A really good USP, will return  ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellence Personified! ,"Arrived Sunday 27th August for a two night stay. This hotel is divine! They've really gone above and beyond in the service, the look of the hotel and the little touches. Check out the 'foxes' in the fine detail everywhere! We arrived much earlier than our check in and wanted to dress up for Sunday lunch here as it was our silver wedding anniversary. The staff ensured we were  ensconced in a room by 2pm. We had dinner in the restaurant and received excellent attention from Kamal the maitre d, who was attentive and ensured we had a special day. In fact he offered the same service at breakfast the next morning.   The Sunday lunch was brilliant value for money. At £42 for a three course meal with as much starter and dessert you wanted along with a continuous supply of prosecco in…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,We loved it!,"Really nice hotel in great location on South Bank, literally just around the corner from Tate Modern. The decor is really contemporary cool and upscale, our room was good sized and the service was exceptionally friendly and professional.  We opted for an executive room which gave access to the fantastic Executive Lounge! Very calm and cool lounge with good breakfast, great afternoon tea and slightly disappointing hors d'oeuvres. What was odd, was that they stopped serving alcohol at 8pm - something we have never experienced in an Executive Lounge before.   As value for money, The Hilton Bankside is probably the best we've experienced in London.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton I've ever stayed in!,"Everything about this hotel is excellent, it's modern, a short walk to Southwark tube station, it's clean, the rooms are spacious, staff are friendly and helpful and the breakfast is probably one of the best out of all the hotels I've stayed in!  Definitely recommend :) ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel but they struggle,"Always a great experience at this hotel, but they need to try a bit harder on the little things if they want to make a truly great impression.  See pic.  :).    As a Diamond the exec lounge is one of the best. ",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
1089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1085-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London!,"We decided to try it out for a 'staycation'. Although it is a little further from the tourist attractions as a lot of other Hilton properties this relative isolation results in a modern, brand new and brilliant hotel!  We were upgraded to a suite which was large and well appointed although it could perhaps have done with more light. The bathroom had a large wall in shower but no bath. The decor was light wood and anthracite brick which worked well. The air con also worked well.  The Exec lounge is large and a very comfortable place to spend an hour. The food and drink selection are excellent and the wine at happy hour is actually drinkable!  We were offered breakfast in the Exec lounge or the main restaurant so we had a look at both. The main restaurant is large but the staff…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel ,"Visited this hotel again as I do regularly for work. Nice atmosphere, friendly personnel and great service. Comfortable rooms with bathrobes, slippers, good bed and great shower. Can recommend it to everybody looking for a hotel in this price range.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Choice!,"Exceeded our expectations for a hotel in Europe. Breakfast was included and excellent. Rooms spacious, clean, modern,and quiet. Staff courteous and helpful. Location convenient to all tourist attractions and to the trains.Would stay here again.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay,"We had a very nice three night stay at the Hilton London Bankside in June 2017.  The room was spacious, modern, and clean.  Having a standup shower and a tub with a shower in the bathroom made getting ready easy and quick for the two of us.  Each evening we returned to the room to find the bed turned down and slippers laid out.  Quite fancy!  The breakfast was fantastic, as were the individuals minding the breakfast bar.  Swiss Air misplaced one of our bags throughout the duration of the stay and the concierge desk went above and beyond to call the airline multiple times a day until the bag was located, then worked with us and the airline to ensure it was delivered at our next destination.    The location of this hotel is great as well.  Easy access to the tube as well as a…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic service and location but please put markers in the pool!,"Unbeatable location in London, in walking distance of many attractions and near the Jubilee line.  Service was exceptional overall and the room was quite good.  My only suggestions would be to include some sort of markings in the pool as it is very dangerous for those of us swimming laps to not know where the lane ends.  In addition, compared to the Canary Wharf and Tower Bridge locations, I must note that the executive lounge here was a bit lacking in the food options.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1090-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A wonderful find just meters away from the Tate Modern,"The hotel itself was well appointed. The rooms were clean, comfortable, roomy and stylish. The staff was helpful and gracious. The hotel is relatively new so everything shines and feels warm and inviting. We had the buffet breakfast which had a large selection of foods that were well prepared. We loved the location as it was a short distance to the Tate Modern and the Thames with some enjoyable pubs and restaurants nearby.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Stayed here for 2 nights and was very pleased.  Room was great 2 very large single beds, mini bar, brilliant walk in shower, bath robes and slippers, good to channels, turn down service.  Breakfast was average, not much choice.  5 minute walk to Southwark tube station.  I would return. ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel with great staff and the best executive lounge,"A lovely new hotel (around 12 months old) all amenities including the best executive club of any Hilton property I have stayed in around the world.  Executive  room is large and modern with trendy bathroom with concrete floor in shower.  The staff here are great, we needed to extend our stay and Chiara at reception arranged the extra days and gave us a great rate too.  In the amazing executive lounge there is everything you could wish for including cocktails from 5pm til 8pm.  Gergely in the executive lounge went above and beyond with his service bringing me chamomile tea when I was coughing and welcoming us each day with a warm hello and a coffee, Qusara also worked in the lounge and helped me report my missing phone.  I cannot speak highly enough of the staff",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Great stay within easy access to London, hotel is so clean and welcoming. Staff are extremely helpful and made you feel like nothing was too much trouble the way it should be. Rooms are spacious, comfortable and quiet.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Would definitely going back!,"From the eclectic ultra chic and modern reception area with the super kind multi- national staff, to the modern and (surprisingly) spacious room accommodations and  delicious meals in the restaurant,  we truly enjoyed our stay at the Bankside. The only caveat was that we stayed after a family that, uh, left a pretty strong --- aroma shall we say that took about 2 days (!!!) to dissipate. Alas, we liked our rooms so much that we didn't make a stink of it (pun intended!). Seriously,  the hotel is very nice throughout and very close to the Underground with quick and easy access to many local attractions. Definitely would go back!",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1095-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great oaxkage,Location is superb for connection to underground and buses.  Indoor swimming pool is great to relax after a long day.  Room sizes are good and staff is well trained.  Breakfast spread is good too but there is a Costa next door in case you want something quick for the road,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wedding reception guests beware to be ripped off.,"Was a guest at a wedding here over the weekend. Food was excellent, the reception room was excellent and the facilities were excellent. Please beware though as the bar prices are frankly ridiculous. You always expect hotel receptions to be on the pricey side however £11 for a vodka and coke is simply robbery. They were not measured out either just free poured.  If you want to have a few drinks as most do at a wedding, best call your mortgage provider and let them know that you will be defaulting. BOTTLE of beer, not a pint,  £8??? Do me a favour. They were not even in a fridge, just an ice bucket, so I had a couple of warmish ones. When you pay £8 you expect it to be perfect.   To add insult to poverty, there is a £12.5% service charge added to every transaction, so that bottle…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great value and location ,"Stayed 2 nights at the Hilton Bankside after reading the Trip Advisor reviews and comparing hotel rates. It's accessible from the underground Southpark stop with an elevator. It's location is walkable to the London Eye, St Paul's Cathedral where the tour bus Hop On Hop Off has a pick up, and though a longer walk to Trafalgar Square and Leicester Square for the discounted theatre shows. The hotel room is spacious, the bed, pillows and linens are comfortable, and the breakfast buffet is great. Stayed at room 206 which is quiet and room has good quality supplies of toiletries. Reception staff are friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A Pleasant Stay (and a pool),"This review is based on a six night stay in August 2017.  We chose the London Hilton Bankside because it was close to the Globe, had a pool, and was highly rated. It did not disappoint.  The building was barely two blocks from the Tate Modern, within easy walking distance of the Globe and many restaurants, and only three blocks from the Southwark tube station. The lobby was  clean and tastefully decorated. Both the bedroom and the bathroom were spacious and well-appointed. The bedding was the most comfortable we have encountered in any hotel. The pool clean, well-lit and well-maintained. However, highest praise goes to the staff -- particularly the concierges (all three I dealt with proved highly knowledgeable) -- for their attentiveness, efficiency and speed of response.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hotel for our stay in London with grandchildren,"In advance of our trip to Scotland and London with our 2 14 year old grandchildren we had reserved 2 rooms at the Hilton London Bankside. We were traveling from Scotland to Heathrow and decided to take the Underground to the hotel. Southwark station is within 5 minutes walking from the hotel and even with our suitcases and carryon items it didn’t pose a problem. Upon entering the hotel we were warmly greeted by a bellman who wanted to take our bags for us. I preferred to check in first and then take our baggage to the rooms. Both rooms were ready for us and despite asking in advance for adjoining rooms, our rooms were across the hall from each other. Upon seeing the rooms, I knew that we had made a great choice. The room was beautiful, neat and very spacious. The bathroom was…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A credit to the Hilton brand,"We had an excellent one night stay at the Hilton London Bankside.  The beds were very comfortable, and featured the best hotel duvets I've ever come across.  The free in room soft drinks are a great idea and more hotels should do this.  The decor is understated and minimalist - very on trend!  Great bathroom, fantastic toiletries.  Absolutely loved the room.  The staff are exceptional, from the doormen to the receptionists to the bar staff.  From the moment you arrive, you are treated like a 5* guest.  Everyone we spoke to provided exceptional customer service.  The local area has some great restaurants if you want to venture out, although we ate in the bar and had a great meal.  Breakfast was good, but I'm not sure it was worth £20 each.  You can get a much better breakfast in…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,excellent location,Very comfortable and convenient place to stay. Fridge and tea pot and stores nearby. You can walk from here to all sites. The pool is so relaxing. We were very happy to stay here. It is a trendy neighborhood.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location for Exploring Bankside,"This is a comfortable hotel staffed by a friendly and professional team.  The room was well designed with good facilities.  The bathroom had an excellent walk-in shower and plenty of shelf space to set out toiletries.  Just set back from Southwark Street, it is ideal for visiting the Menier Theatre, Tate Modern and Borough Market.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel – Modern, new, excellent service","I stayed at this property for one night while passing through town.  In summary, it is a great hotel and I would definitely book it again.  Some more details…  Pros: Modern, clean, free Wi-Fi, above average breakfast (free with status), free minibar with status, air conditioning that worked well, spacious rooms (I was upgraded to a “King deluxe”) and comfortable beds.  Furthermore, the service was pretty good.  Cons:  None really worth mentioning.  One possible downside could be the location – the property is behind the Tate Modern, close to Southwark Station, which is a little out of the way.  That being said, it’s only a quick tube trip / cab journey / walk to a lot of the tourist sites.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,High marks for service and location,Enjoyed our stay here.  The rooms were a bit cramped but no other issues.   The front desk and other staff were exceptional.   Plenty of restaurants and shops in walking distance.   The hotel bar was fun for late night.   Hope to come back. ,Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
1109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Only stayed for 1 night, but the hotel was great. We had a suite which had plenty of space for 3 people. Breakfast offered a great selection. Very cool lobby area. Would have liked it if the windows were bigger, a bit more like hotels in NYC. ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location EXECELLENT SERVICE Fabulous food ,"We stayed 4 nights at this hilton wish I could have stayed longer from the moment we arrived we were greeted by the smiling face of Isabel , she was charming accommodating went out of her way to help us sort out our stay all from a front desk ! We were trying to add a night stay she had her manager Alex help out he was the second person we met yet again another amazing experience. He was able to accommodate our parents room close to ours even though they would be arriving a day later.  The rooms the lobby and every employee we came across were simply lovely ! Not sure what their secret is but the hotel lobby smells gorgeous !  Our room was spotless comfortable and luxurious. We were a walk away from almost everything we wanted to see. When we return to London we will stay at…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Where service is kind,"A family vacation with an 80-year old, disabled Mum could be difficult.  The Hilton Bankside in London made it so much easier, with thoughtful, kind service - from doormen helping her into taxis, providing a room with accessible shower and providing a wheelchair in the hotel. We mentioned we had visited at this time to celebrate my Mum's birthday and they sent a gorgeous cake, decorated with 'Happy 80th, Marie-Claire'. Bravo Hilton Bankside.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,1 night in a very comfortable room,"Booked using hilton rewards to stay in a deluxe executive room. Upon arrival was upgraded to a 1 bed suite. This was a great room with large bed, separate lounge area and large shower. Free soft drinks and snacks. Room was very quiet and on 3rd floor. Breakfast was in executive lounge and was adequate, choice of scrambled eggs, bacon and sausage or pastries and cereals, toast and juice. Free wifi as standard or free faster wifi as a gold member. An evening drink in gin bar was pleasant with complimentary poopcorn and crisps, although glass did have small chip in it and 2 G&T (simple bombay sapphire gin) came to £26 which is v expensive IMO.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel... disappointing stay,"Stayed here Saturday night for a wedding held in the Hotel. I paid a £170 (discounted rate due to group booking) for a room with a King bed.... only to find two twin-beds joined together! so when 2 people sleep in it a dip appears in the middle. very un-comfy. Hotel staff disagree and their argument is 'when we look at it there is nothing wrong with it and the mattresses are only 6 months old... had they had to sleep in it maybe their view would be different, visually of course it is fine.  Breakfast - told by staff to 'hurry up as we have a group booking coming and need to tidy up. This was at 11:02, despite breakfast being served until 11am. ruined breakfast for us...despite complaining no real satisfactory response.  Hilton response below acceptable standard, expected a lot…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
1114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Extremely satisfied with our stay, staff were professional and helpful. Location was perfect, close to underground, Borough Market and lots of eateries to chose from. In future visits this hotel will be at the top of my list. ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb Hotel,"A great part of the Hilton network , made to feel welcome on each visit, the lounge and bar are great places to hang out and staff are excellent.  We will makes sure to visit this hotel again in the near future",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing experience,"I visited Hilton London Bankside on March 2016 to write a review for a magazine I worked for at that time.  It was a really nice experience! The staff was kind and welcoming!   In the first night we booked a dinner in the restaurant of the hotel. We arrived late but they served us anyway and all the staff made sure that we felt comfortable and welcomed.  The food was amazing!   The bedroom was really comfortable, with an industrial modern decor.  In the morning we had breakfast with the PR - really nice girl!! - and she made us a tour for TVE entire hotel.   The breakfast was really delicious and with a lot of variety!   I hope to visit this hotel in my next trip to London!!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Favourite Hilton in London ,This is my fourth stay at Hilton Bankside and this is my favourite hotel in the Hilton group other than the Conrad.  It is a very different concept to the usual Hilton and the decor and facilities are to a very high standard.  The bar and restaurant are also excellent and I always seem to go out for a walk to find somewhere to eat and have a drink and come back here.  The breakfast is superb with great choice and quality.  The rooms are very clean and spacious with lovely bathrooms and comfy beds.  I will keep coming back here as my Hilton hotel of choice when staying in this part of London.,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,best Hilton Hotel in London,"great Hotel, great roomsize - very clean and mordern furniture. great Location - 15mins walk to TowerBridge, 15mins walk to Westminster/Big Ben, 5mins walk Southwark Station. great Staff - very helpful and attentively really good breakfast selection",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The Best Hilton in London,"Pro-active service from the moment of arrival is always a good start & here didn’t disappoint. The style & decor within is a pleasant & very welcome too - fresh, modern & trendy. Perfect. The rooms are just the same - perfectly formed, fresh & modern. One niggle is no espresso machine in the Deluxe Rooms - well, nothing is perfect! The Executive Lounge is a haven for a civilised drink & the breakfast in the main restaurant is a real cut above the usual Hilton scrum. A gem, but please Hilton Management, do keep up the standards!!",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another lovely stay,"I love staying at the Bankside. We were going to the athletics, so the jubilee line was perfect - but it's always handy to get around. From the welcoming front door staff and reception staff, I always feel relaxed as soon as I arrive. Had a great king suite this time - 619, which was a different layout to what we've had before - a corridor, with separate living area, en site sleeping area, and second wc, plenty of light from a lot windows. Exec lounge is always a pleasure with good range of drinks, and tasty snacks. Breakfast has a great selection, and we enjoyed the made-to-order eggs and pancakes. We both slept really well, better than I tend to in other hotels.  Can wait for my next stay in September ",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect location next to Borough Market,"Great hotel with large lobby, friendly staff and beautiful well planned out rooms. I really appreciated in the rooms how there was a large fridge provided, without minibar items, that you could use to store wine or whatever else you wished to take back to the room. I slept wonderfully at this hotel. The bath was beautiful, really deep and filled very quickly. All in all, very impressed with the hotel. Its about 5 minutes walk from Borough market, one of our favourite places in the city and its located right behind Tate Modern.  The only small thing is that we were on our honeymoon and nothing small was done to acknowledge that. This isn't required but its a test of a truly great luxury hotel to make these efforts.   You'll have a wonderful stay here though, we certainly did, and…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton,"We stay at Hilton Bankside regularly and is our hotel of choice for our London stays. Staff are fantastic and go out of their way to make sure you are comfortable. Breakfast is great with good quality foods and lots of choice, we love their Granola. Rooms are modern and well equipped with very comfortable beds. Very convenient location a few minutes walk from Waterloo bridge. I highly recommend Hilton Bankside if you are looking for a good quality hotel with great service. We look forward to returning again very soon",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,"Stayed for 2 nights ....booked this hotel because of direct tube (10mins) to O2 but still close Imperial War museum and Tate modern.The price at the time was better than other Hiltons too. It's not a Hilton that springs to mind when staying in London. If you look at it online it has a modern look not grand like some of the other Hilton hotels ... but don't be deceived ..from the warm welcome at reception all the staff during our stay were fantastic the decor,rooms and facilities were fantastic. (Book an executive room if you can,the lounge and other perks was worth every penny extra)  ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend with mum,This hotel is close to the Shard and great location for local restaurants and pubs at reasonable prices.   Easy to teach from Shoreditch tube and rooms were very spacious.  We had an executive twin on 7th floor and the bathroom was huge and very trendy. Seperate seating area from sleeping area. Highly recommended ,Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel with great location and staff.,"Excellent Hotel. Location is great for walking to many attractions.The room had everything we needed and the Executive Lounge provided great value for our family. Staff was extremely helpful, especially the concierges, Mark and Leo.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great 2 Night Stay,"Great hotel in a fantastic location, quiet but within easy reach of Borough Market and London Bridge. Extremely helpful staff and reasonable price for drinks during happy hour (for London). Would stay again.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Experience,"It was a great stay, the staff were always helpful. It was a nice room and the Hotel was in a good location to the tube and other site on the southbank. Easy walking distance to the Thames. This is one of the best Hiltons I've stayed at !!!!",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,No negatives,"Arrived two hours early, and just expected to drop off our cases. Our room was ready, and we were handed the keys - good start. Staff attentive, helpful and courteous on all occasions. Room very nice - the whole hotel looked fresh and clean. Bed comfortable, and absolutely no noise disturbances (apart from a late disco on Saturday night - only just audible, and didn't keep us awake for many minutes). Enjoyed our stay. No negatives.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"My husband and I planned to stay in London for 4 days of theater and sightseeing. I have been to London many times and have stayed in at least 5 other London Hilton properties over the years. I am a Hilton Honors Diamond member. I booked a standard twin room after reading many excellent reviews of this newish hotel. I did this at least 6 months in advance and was able to book at £150 per night. I liked the fact the hotel was literally behind the Tate Modern, The Globe Theater and Bankside (on the Thames River). We were upgraded upon arrival to an Executive twin room on the top (7th floor). This was a very spacious room with two generous-sized comfortable twin beds and lovely puffy white bedding.  The TV was across from the beds so you could watch TV in bed. There was a ‘lounge’…",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Oooh, Fabulous","This is such a great hotel, great staff who are so polite and helpful! We upgraded to a one bdrm and it was so nice.   We did have access to the morning breakfast buffet which was so good and also the executive lounge which was also good. Next time we would probably only do one or the other as we didn't really need the executive lounge as we were gone all day.  We would definitely stay at this hotel again.  Close walk from the tube station.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
1131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,really good,"Overall really good, checkin staff + porter + bellboys magnificent and efficient and plenty of desks  so no queueing (why do so many hotels not think of that)   Room spacious, and well appointed and brilliant shower, also despite being inner city little street noise, bed exceptionally comfortable  Good location, walking distance from a huge amount of tourist things aswell as the city and other business areas, aswell as tube nearby  and RV1 runs to covent garden from outside   Good area for cafes/ coffee shops/ rests etc also  (but avoid the sainsburys local nearby its grotty with miserable service especially Weyne)  there is a coop and a Tesco just as close   Bar was really good but staff can be overworked on a friday / Saturday and the strain seems to show although on other…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful weekend break,"Fantastic hotel, ideally located where every single member of staff were professional, attentive and friendly.  Standards of cleanliness were exceptional, fittings and fixtures of the highest standards, food superb.  Did not have a chance to visit the spa or gym but will certainly be returning.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel - poor service,"This is my second visit to this hotel; it is excellently situated for both business and leisure trips, and the rooms are spacious and well appointed.  My only gripe is that when arriving back at the hotel at 16.00 I found that my room had not been made up.  It took almost an hour for this to be rectified, and rather than apologising staff in reception told me that a special request was required if guests wanted their room to be made up before 18.00.  As a frequent visitor to Hilton branded hotels worldwide I have not encountered this before - and hopefully I will not again.  ",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great design hilton.,"The hotel is located south of the river, near the tate modern and borough markets. Not traditionally the best London location but this might lead to a pleasant surprise. The hotel is very close to the southbank and some lovely bars and restaurants and also the southbank has beautiful views.   Check in was smooth and easy and my room was ready early which was a plus. The member of staff which checked me in was kind enough to show me the bar restaurant and exec lounge as it was my first time staying here. The lounge is very good when compared to other hotels which a nice breakfast choice and soft drinks throughout the day, afternoon tea and canapes with wine, beer and spirits in the evening.   The hotel itself quite uniquely designed for a Hilton. The rooms are large with comfy…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Bankside hotel," The London Hilton Bankside hotel was perfectly situated to tour London from, the London eye, to the shard, river cruises on the river Thames,  Burroughs market only blocks away everything about this hotel and location was perfect. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Location,"Very friendly staff, fantastic restaurant with a wonderful breakfast (make sure you add it to your reservation) and close to many great activities. The bar has a good happy hour as well.  No hot tub, but nice pool if you need a little extra exercise.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hilton,"Friendly staff, excellent executive lounge, decent gym, good large rooms, well located for transport options and feels very new still.  Bar is also pretty good for a hotel- large range of gins and cocktails.  All told, very impressive.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One Of My Best Hilton Experiences!,"The Hilton London Bankside was a fantastic choice for our recent trip to London. The newly renovated and modernized hotel was lovely and the staff were helpful, accommodating, and friendly. The location is one of my favorites - quiet but not too far away from the hustle and bustle. It is a 5-10 minute walk from Blackfriars Underground Station, just across Blackfriars Bridge on the Thames, and affords easy access/connecting lines to Metro and Rail lines. It is also an easy walk to the Bankside waterfront area and beach. We walked everywhere from the location - to St James Cathedral and Fleet Street area, Shakespeare's Globe, the Tate, Borough Market and Tower Bridge area - I really find it to be an ideal location when visiting London. The on site restaurant is good, if a bit on…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A Perfect Base for Both Relaxing and Sightseeing,"Quiet is important to me on vacation and our 6th floor room at the Hilton London Bankside was the quietest room ever! Overall it was a simply superb stay highlighted by a terrifically accommodating, stand-out staff: Concierge Mark gave wonderful advice and assistance, and the housekeeping staff's devotion to cleanliness was absolutely top notch.   The less-congested Southbank location is refreshing, close to all types of transit options, with taxis always easy to find. So many wonderful restaurant and theater options nearby too. Can't imagine staying anywhere else in London. Their fabulous lap pool--so tough to find in a city hotel--was an added bonus.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Average Hotel,"It was a nice hotel, it had a good location, friendly/helpful staff, and a heated pool :), but the rooms felt dirty :(. The washcloths smelled like barf. ALL of them did (we got new ones every time they did the room, and they ALL smelled). Also, the bed sheets felt dirty, even after they changed them. Other than the dirtiness factor the hotel was pretty nice.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great service and nice quiet surroundings,"Newly built ""standard"" hotel, clean and nice and with very helpful staff. Location also much better than anticipated, quiet but still not far to city center. Did not try any of the restaurants but menus looked ok. Very close to Tate modern and Shakespeare's Globe theatre.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best Hilton!!,"We stayed at Bankside because we have stayed before.  It lived up to our expectations again.  At a time when the Hilton brand is deteriorating and many of the extras are being removed, it is a pleasure to go to a hotel where this is not happening.  Our upgraded rooms were exceptional, the Executive Lounge was great with a good choice of food and the swimming pool is excellent especially before breakfast when we had it to ourselves.  The staff are friendly and nothing is too much trouble",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Modern, New, Amazing","This hotel was an incredible surprise. I believe it is around 2 years old and really shows. The decor is modern and has every amenity you could think of: laundry service, gym, spa, fine dining, and a craft bar (highly recommend the happy hour). Finally the location is located across from the Tate Modern museum, which we loved!",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday trip to London with friends,"I recently visited the Hilton Bankside with friends as we wanted a hotel with a great central location, with a pool and spa where we didn't have to worry about out of date rooms/poor service/ unclean rooms. I have to say having stayed in many hotels due to my work, this Hilton really exceeded expectations. It was the perfect stay from start to finish. Firstly the location is great and it's a 10 minute walk from the station. Secondly the staff were so accommodating and helped me with my luggage, the turn down service In the room was great. We had very efficient room service that wasn't overpriced. The pool and spa were immaculate and the treatments were really relaxing. It was exactly what you would expect from a 5 star hotel - no dramas, pleasant staff who were more than willing…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing way to rest,"I´ve been in this property 3 weeks ago and the experience was amazing. The first thing that really liked was the lobby and the staff. All of them provide you an amazing welcome and help you out with the luggage. After did the check in they scort me to the room and it was spacious, bright and good views. Also the bed it was King Deluxe and also I had like a little lobby with nice sofa. The bathroom it was also spacious and the bed so comfortable.  AlsoI went to the Distillery bar, the staff was amazing and the menu offer it was perfect, for lunch, dinner or just have a drinks. I want to say thanks to Alena from the restaurant, who provide me an excelent customer service and let me know what they serve me and the ingredients, so that is make me feel proud as they know what they…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable & Convenient,"We stayed at the hotel. The location is quite close to Southwark Station; it has 4 grocery stores nearby, very convenient! It has an awesome swimming pool! The room is clean. The bed and the pillows are a bit too soft. The complimentary wifi jumps on and off. All in all, we had a great stay.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic location,Great hotel but staff at front desk let you down too much attitude and not to help with luggage on arrival and departure is very bad on the bright side great location and penthouse room 10/10 but arrogant front of house staff ruined the stay,Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
1148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Such a friendly hotel, excellent","Stayed here for 2 nights on business in executive King rooms. Room was an excellent size, spotless, very comfortable and everything we needed and indeed would expect from a hotel of this rating. This hotel by far exceeded my expectations primarily due to the friendliness and welcome of all staff we encountered. This is my favourite of the Hilton hotels I have stayed in so far in London. Special thanks go to the team on reception,  Rodiney, Peter and Gregory (hope I remembered that correctly) in the Executive lounge. The hotel is very well placed for many restaurants, Tate, city and Millennium Bridge. Look forward to returning.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,An amazing experience!,"I feel that we hit the jackpot with this hotel. My wife and I are quite particular and spoiled when it comes to hotels, but didn't want the expense of a 5 star hotel in London. Hilton Bankside didn't disappoint! Location was great and we walked everywhere. The Tate Modern is literally a 5 minute walk away, and Borough Market is 10 min walk. The staff was extremely friendly and attentive. Oxo restaurant was excellent. The executive lounge was so good we decided we didn't need a separate ""High Tea"" experience. And the beds and pillows! The best hotel bed I've ever slept in!",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Loved Hilton Bankside,"Spent two nights at the Bankside in one of the executive king rooms. Beautiful room with all the amenities that I needed. Lots of plugs to charge all my electronics.  I highly recommend upgrading to the executive rooms so the breakfast is included daily and well as drinks and snacks later in the day. Breakfast consisted of a choice of cereals, pastries, cheeses, eggs & bacon. I did see people ordering other hot food but I usually had cereal and eggs. I was staying there during the heat wave so it was great to come back to the hotel later in the afternoon and grab a sparkling water to cool off.   If I had one compliant and it's only a small one it was the shower head. The angle of the shower head couldn't be adjusted so I had to stand on the slope of the side of the tub to be…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great as allways,"This was my 3rd time staying at this hotel. As usual, everything is super great! I love this hotel! Super-friendly staff and great rooms with nice comfy beds! I will definitely come back next time visiting London",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,NOT THE AVERAGE FIVE STAR,"Stayed here with my family in the beginning of July and had my best stay ever. So good I decided to create a tripadvisor account to share my experience with you all. When we arrived we were met by a charming young man named Robert who helped us with our bags and took us up to the reception where we had the pleasure to be checked in by the manager Per Granstrom. With passion and great knowledge he explained about the hotel and the surrounding area, as if he had lived there his entire life and this made it a lot easier for us to explore this gorgeous city. Every member of the front desk team always greeted us by name and nothing was ever too much when we asked for help.  The rooms were spotless and if you guys are in to gin, do not miss to visit the bar to try some of the…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable Stay,"We have stayed at Bankside Hotel a few times and love it. It is a lovely modern, fresh hotel with very friendly staff. Per, the Reception Manager is excellent and goes the extra mile to accommodate all your needs. Will definitely stay many more times ;-)",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Thoroughly recommended ,"Stayed for 2 nights and certainly wasn't disappointed. The quality from check in to checkout was excellent. Great professional staff ready to help when needed. Stayed in Club Room so had access to the Club Lounge which was superb for breakfast and drinks and canapés in the evening. Actually, the canapés and drinks are so good that you have to be careful not to spoil any dinner arrangements you may have. Rooms are very good. Modern, spacious and well appointed. Spotless!! Close to Borough Market, museum and many attractions but not right in the middle of the busyness that London can present. Again, a great find and thoroughly recommended. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel.,I stay regularly at Hilton's and have Diamond status. This was my first visit to Bankside. It rates very highly for amenities and service. Definitely one of the best I've visited. Good value too. A great choice for a visit to London,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London visit,"Traveled to London for vacation. The London Hilton Bankside is centrally located to all the popular sites. My family and I stayed in two king bed rooms which were very nice. The beds were very comfortable, the food at the hotel was great. The staff were very friendly and helpful in providing directions, and setting up our transportation needs. Should I ever return to London I would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay!!,"Nice clean modern hotel. My daughter and I were there for a family event. We had a twin room. The beds were over sized twin beds and were very comfortable. The room was spacious. There was a closet for hanging clothing but there was only 1 deep drawer for any other clothing you didn't want to hang. The bathroom was large. Nice shower. The mirror did not ""fog up"" when showering. There is also a speaker in the bathroom so you could hear the TV. There is a small refrigerator and a pot for heating water for the tea or coffee that is provided in the room. The staff was very accommodating. We did eat in the restaurant for breakfast. The staff did not show any urgency in servicing us.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Expensive, but rather Grand","Ideally located for the Globe or the Tate Modern, a very modern, well appointed hotel, excellent staff and great breakfast. Yes, it costs, but for an occasional splurge it is well worth while. You could stay at the Premier Inn on the same road for a lot less, but for a taste of luxury ....",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing!,The hotel is absolutely beautiful! The reception area is so welcoming and the staff who dealt with us were a great help. We made the most of the facilities; the pool was stunning and always quiet although I don't know why more people wouldn't want to spend some time there! The gym was small but ideal. Bed was beautifully comfortable and the bathroom was very modern. I would definitely recommend. Breakfast was delicious each morning. I would stay here again.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing Staff and Room Service,"Everything about the hotel and staff made our stay much more enjoyable. We had 0 problems with the hotel, and I definitely recommend that you stay here. It's perfect for any situation, if you're on a honeymoon, business trip, family trip, or just a few days with friends, come here.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Birthday Treat,"Booked 2 rooms for a birthday treat for my wife with my son.  Check in a breeze-rooms fabulous and relaxing! We were hungry and needed more than bar snacks. The staff in the Distillery gave us the OXBO restaurant menu and had the chef make us what we needed and served us in the Distillery as OXBO not yet open!! Really wonderful as we were tired and wanted to eat there and then before going out to the theatre.   They really went the ""extra"" mile for which I am truly grateful.  When we returned to our rooms after late lunch as it was my wife`s birthday staff had put some fruit and cakes in both rooms with a card. Really special.  Can`t thank you enough for making my wife`s birthday an event. Thanx again.  We will be back.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing London,"i just stayed at this hotel for 1 night after i had arrived in london on des 2016 from Jakarta By Garuda Indonesia. for the services aspects, furthermore, was very good. the room services and breakfast menu is the best",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, ideal for Tate Modern","We only had 1 night to stopover but this was the perfect place to stay for a leisurely visit to the Tate Modern and Southbank area. The museum is literally 200 metres away. The hotel was modern and warm, staff were excellent and breakfast was lovely.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Disgusting,"We were treated so badly by the night manager. We were drinking in the distillery, spending lots is money, refused to be served any further and told we couldn't have the room key. After arguing our point the key was given over. This is my favourite hotel and sadly won't be staying again after the way they made me feel. ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hilton ,Loved this Hilton. So convenient. And the people were fantastic. The executive lounge was great. And the restaurant very high quality.   Windows in room are a little small so rooms can seem dark. But I thought overall it was great.  ,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great London hotel. Really great staff,"Just had a couple of nights at the Hilton Bankside.. really impressed in every aspect.. great staff, great facilities, spacious room, and the property had lots of character - not as ""corporate"" as you might expect from such a well known chain.. Hilton Bankside will be my new no.1 choice of where to stay when in London. Each and every staff member we encountered during our stay went out of their way to be pleasant.. I also had to work from the hotel one day and found the standard wifi to be perfectly suited to my needs. Thanks for a great stay! :-)",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London Hilton Bankside stay,Be sure to include executive lounge in your room booking - excellent provision of food and drinks. Not all rooms have a view but the courtyard view is not unpleasant if you are out or using the lounges. The location is excellent with short five minute walk to Southwark tube station.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Issue during Check-in but Overall Enjoyable Stay,"This was probably the fanciest Hilton I have stayed at thus far. Upon arrival, you will see that are many staff readily available; they have a doorman, concierge and check-in and each are there to help with any assistance. When I did arrive, I had somewhat of an issue with check-in. The issue I had was that I pre-checked in with the mobile app and it pre-assigned me a room and I could not change it; yet when I arrived (even a few hours after check-in time and after the time I said I would arrive), the room selected for me was not available. This is somewhat odd since the room was pre-selected for me, so the room should be available. Fortunately, I did book a King Suite, so I had access to the Executive Lounge and waited there for about an hour and a half until my room was ready.…",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bank on Hilton Bankside!,Hotel is the perfect location for site seeing.  Close to plenty of restaurants. Staff was wonderful and room was well appointed. Highly recommend it a stay here.  Per at the Front Desk was extremely helpful.,Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous! ,"Stayed here as part of our 10 year wedding anniversary and we were not disappointed! We arrived early on check in day and our room was already prepared which allowed us to be able to venture around the local area sooner than expected. Our room (and bathroom!) was large for a London hotel, comfy beds and the breakfast was great. The hotel is within walking distance to lots of bars and attractions. Staff were amazing and really did go above and beyond to make our stay a memorable one and we will certainly be going back. Overall this hotel is fabulous, great value for money and we would recommend to anyone wanting to visit London. ",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellence in service and location,"The hotel is very central, it is possible to walk until London Bridge easily, since it's near Tate Modern.  I felt welcomed in the hotel, the service and cleanliness was impeccable and I will be back there. (Already booked my stay for the next weeks!)",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel in a great location,"From the moment we arrived the service was superb, the staff could not have been any more helpful or friendlier. Every single person greeted you with a hello and a smile. We stayed for 2 nights over the weekend in a King Room. The room had everything you required and the bathroom was very large with a wonderful shower. Our room included bathrobes and slippers, which was a pleasant surprise. We were on the second floor next to the lift and our room was very peaceful, there was no view but we did not stay for the view. Breakfast was superb, buffet style, an enormous choice with the chef cooking fresh omelettes, and pancakes on request. He cooked eggs the way you wanted and was happy to cook my sausages a bit more for me. We had a birthday cake to transport home after our stay and…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great surprise on my first time staying south of the river,"It was the week of Wimbledon and hotel rates were very high.  I have never stayed south of the river and was delightfully surprised by this clean, nice, property.  Rooms are spacious.  Service is great.  I liked the location which was just a block from the Tate Modern.  I walked to many locations in London in less than 30 minutes since the weather was so perfect.   If I had to choose something that could be improved on:  The bathtub shower could pose a problem for people with mobility issues since it is quite high off the ground.  The big shower head only sprayed water on the curved part of the front of the bathtub so to bathe both sides of your body required some flexibility and precarious positions for my feet.  I heard this same complaint from many others in my group.   The…",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb the very best hotel!,"The staff memeber here were extremely professional and kind. The hotel was beautiful, sadly I did not have time to take advantage of their spa. Great breakfast daily, by far exceeded expectations. I am still dreaming about all the fresh pastries and creams! Fantastic staff and great location. I hope to return again soon!",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excited,"Overall exciting, educational. Met some wonderful people from holland, Italy, France, England and Australia. Had some great meals and lots of interesting conversations. The sole purpose of this trip was to see an exhibition at the Bankside Gallery and was totally amazed by the art and artist!",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Conference ,Attended a conference here for the day. The room and facilities were nice and the staff friendly and the catering was well tasty as was the lunch. Can't really fault this as a venue for business functions. Never stayed here so can't comment on anything else ,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Poor Management,"I  came to a corporate event, where I stored my suitcase, in what I thought was a secure cloakroom; this was brought out in error and left on the desk. I happened to be walking past as someone was about to take said suitcase (this has been verified on the CCTV cameras). Obviously, we have contacted the management of the hotel, who have down played the seriousness of this; they have basically said, nothing was actually taken, so it's alright... Correct, nothing was taken because I stopped someone talking the case, not because you secured it correctly. They have even said things such as, 'If it had been taken we have CCTV so we would have been able to identify who took this' and 'we didn't mishandle the bag at ALL'.   I have put a complaint into Hilton themselves who did apologise…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
1178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside - good base hotel. Perhaps a little overrated.,"No complaints about the location, staff service, room cleanliness and general experience. My only gripe was that I had expected more for the price and after reading other reviews I thought it would be similar to places like Apex Temple Court. It was good but not luxurious imho which is what I expected for the price.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Staffed by people who don't speak English,"This review is specifically about the service you can expect as a business user.  The mobile telephone signal in the hotel is poor. I urgently needed to speak with a delegate and could not reach him, so I telephoned reception. Whoever took the call could barely speak word of English. I had to spell the most basic details out and repeat numbers several times. Even then I could not make myself understood.  I would not recommend this hotel to a business user. This was a significant business conference, ruined by someone who should not be put near a telephone.",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
1180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"An excellent 5 star hotel in a great central location, and attractively priced compared to comparable standard hotels in London. The rooms are stylish and modern, if slightly compact. Facilities are top notch, and the bathrooms feel suitably luxurious. A good choice and would recommend again.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Location - London Bankside,"Our first trip to London, so glad we picked the Hilton London Bankside location in a quieter side of town, just a 5 minute walk to the riverfront activity with museum/theatres, ferry service and walking bridges.  Restaurants on-site and transportation of all kinds nearby.   Excellent service, clean rooms, staff is great.  Very happy experience with this hotel.  Highly recommend for family or business.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
1182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good choice,"Enjoyed our stay for business at this modern, doesn't-feel-like-a-Hilton hotel. First time staying on the south side of the Thames. Quiet rooms. Did not hear street noise on third floor. A rarity. Great neighborhood with access to plenty of Tube stations, food, Borough Market, Blackfriars. Tate Modern a five-minute walk. Attentive service. Cool, modern feel to rooms. Right shower-pillow-iron trifecta for business travelers. Would return with family. Appreciated free juice and water. Throw a Nespresso in room and it'd be 100%. ",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel in good location,"The room absolutely fantastic, we stayed in Executive King Room with Lounge Access bed very comfortable, good breakfast, executive lounge with drinks and canape, very good and professional service. Location very good, near river Thames, one of the best hotel I ever stayed in. Recommended?  ohhhhhh yes!!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and staff,"This is a great hotel! the rooms are comfortable the staff is great and helpful especially the concierge desk! Modern rooms, great breakfast and executive lounge with evening snacks and tea .The pool in the basement was a wonderful place to relax. We would highly recommend it  for staff, location, and facilities. The only thing I wished they had was a self service laundry and a better setup for using the hair dryer( in the bathroom or a bigger mirror)  Ask about the foxes!",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel in a perfect location,"Second time I stayed in this hotel and it was as good as the first time. Nice, modern and clean. Staff is very professional and the rooms are spacious and well equipped. Breakfast is superb served in a very nice atmosphere. Hilton certainly does not disappoint with this hotel!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful staff and an excellent property,"Hilton Bankside – London  When searching for a hotel in London, my wife and I set certain criteria:  1) we wanted to be central to the attractions, 2) we wanted to be comfortable and taken care of, and 3) we wanted to have that little extra attention to detail that can make the difference between an “ok” stay and a “WOW” stay.  I can safely say that this Hilton, not only met those criteria, but exceeded far past them.  From the moment that we arrived (we were hours early for check-in), the staff took excellent care of us.  We had traveled all night (literally) and were tired and hungry.  Our room was not yet ready, but our luggage was secured and we were shown to the executive lounge (we did book an executive room) for a very welcomed breakfast.  This was the standard for this…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel and very helpful staff,"Stayed for one nighr with my 7 year old daughter, we were in twin room 112 which was very nice. The twin beds were large and very comfortable. We used the indoor pool which was a lovely way to end a day of sightseeing. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"All good, just avoid room service!","The Hilton Bankside has a priviledged location. Two blocks away from the Tate Modern and from the Southwark subway station this is an amazing place to stay in London. The neighborhood vibe is corpy, but with many good restaurants and stores around. The hotel feels quite new, the rooms have great space, good linens, big bathrooms, great toiletries and very good service. The internet works well, and its overall a great Hilton Experience. The price is right. The only thing I do not recommend is room service. The food sucks.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
1189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Holiday,Super nice hotel. Excellent location. Very clean room. Had a late dinner and the filets and creamed potatoes were great. Staff were helpful and very professional. The doormen were very attentive and helpful. ,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing upgrade to executive,"We were lucky to get an upgrade to the executive room which was fantastic. Access to the executive lounge was great, beautifully decorated hotel with gorgeous food to offer. Only 5-10 minute walk from nearest tube on the jubilee line so great for getting around London.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay!,"This is a beautiful and luxurious hotel in a very nice centrally located neighborhood in London (close to Southwark and Blackfriar's tube stations). The service was excellent; they often brought or left extra goodies in our room (strawberries, wine, etc.). The room and bathroom were very clean, modern and spacious. The pool was heated and the entire room with the pool in it was heated as well, making it very inviting (I swam almost every day I stayed there). The bed was extremely comfortable. The design of the hotel is well done with little fox details in various places. They offer turn down service each night and really thought of every detail. There were no unexpected or hidden charges. We loved it!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Favourite Hilton,"stayed here before...loved it then,still do...great location,staff,rooms,pool,exec.lounge,bar ....just a fabulous hotel,with a great vibe.....think its my favourite Hilton anywhere! Come and see for yourselves....you'll not be disappointed",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Best Hilton in London, maybe Europe!","The hotel staff was excellent in every sense of the word.  They greeted us each and every time in the lobby, or outside.  They took care of all our needs whether in was in the hotel or an attraction we wanted to see.  The rooms were clean and comfortable and hands down the best duvet of any hotel we have stayed at,  we are diamond members  we stay in a lot of hotels.   They have a wonderful executive lounge and complimentary water, juice and sodas in the room!   It is short walk to the Buroughs market and the Thames.  I cant say enough great things about this hotel!  We had an excellent time at Bankside!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,I want to go back right now!!,"Stayed here for a (too short) week-end With my husband. The staff was very friendly and helpful when we arrived.  We booked a junior suite, and it was very, very Nice!! We had Access to the executive lounge, and the afternoon tea and breakfast was lovely!  The location of the hotel is excellent! Close to the underground, and in the middle of a Nice area.  I really want to og back here soon, and for a longer stay!!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Modern Hotel in Upcoming Area of the City,"Modern decor with spacious comfortable rooms. Location is in Southwark and is close to The Globe Theatre and Tate Modern. Near a number of pubs and restaurants, this area of London has more locals and is a bit less touristy. Location is also just across the river from St. Paul's, Tower of London, etc.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Yes...best Hilton in London!,"This is our new favourite Hilton.   It is new, beautiful designed and very nice location as well. Lenka Pecankova at the reception did perfect job, she made us feel welcome and gave us a nice room as well. The pool area is very nice and we also enjoyed couple of drinks at the bar. Breakfast was superb and all the staff was nice to us. We will come back for sure!",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Really nice hotel in a great location,"Very nice hotel. Comfortable, upscale without being expensive.  All in a great location.  Near Tate Modern, short walk to Thames, Burough Market, and all the entertainment options along the river. Nice combination for a business trip with a little relaxation and sight seeing added in.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside,An excellent hotel with very welcoming and helpful staff. Our room was spotlessly clean. The restaurant served very good food with the breakfast and popular Sunday lunch being a highlight. The bar is welcoming and friendly. The hotel is well situated for lovely walks along the River Thames and close to the Tate Modern. Southwark underground station is a short walk for easy travel to other parts of London.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Vacation in London,The location of the hotel is perfect to visit the London Bridge and Borough Market.  There is a London wide bike rental stand directly across from the hotel is the best mode of transportation to tour the entire city in a short amount of time.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Urban stay,"The Hilton Bankside is a newly refurbished hotel and it in the middle of  and up and coming area. the Hotel is great and staff are friendly / welcoming to all. its around the corner from the tate Modern and waterloo station. on the other side short walk to the London bridge and Tower bridge, its also very close to the river Thames so those walks are great in the evening or the day.  its also got the local night life and the eating shops just step out side'''  Borough market is only 10 mins away and again that feeling is great.  all in all this hotel is good , the view aren't the best but you go out for that. the shard is 10 mins also...  However if you want to go to the west end then again not to far at all.  this Hotel has an Urban feel to it.. which is different to the…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Quality hotel,"Comfortable rooms welcome Receptionist and staff overall this was a really good experience very good rooms. Bar menu was limited but really tasty, delicious and enjoyable. Bar team was excellent and attentive ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Accessible room not accessible for wheelchair users,"Sink in the accessible bathroom far too high for a wheelchair so could not be used at all during the stay. Staff informed. Would expect good standards from Hilton, failed in meeting our expectations. Would not use again due to this problem.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
1203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A wonderful hotel to stay,"Good location, 5 mins walk to Southwark station. I like to feeling of Hotel's Lobby, beautiful design, fresh flowers and lovely smell. The room is big and all of the facilities are new. The hotel is not crowded and the breakfast is awesome. If you need a hotel that can truly makes you feel relax, this is it and I am very satisfied at the cost I paid to stay 3 nights.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great rooms, service and hotel!","The room a here were spacious, with a very comfy bed. The breakfast was also one of the best I've had at a hotel with a great choice beyond the usual cooked breakfast (that I'm not particularly a fan of) of pastries, fresh pancakes, granolas and a host of other choices. Everything was spotlessly clean and the hotel smelt fantastic. Would definitely recommend and stay again, and considering the prices of other hotels in the region, it's location makes it reasonably priced too.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing rooms and services ,I highly recommend this hotel. The room looked exactly like the hotel photos. It was clean and very roomy. My husband and I enjoyed our stay here. The staffs were very helpful and accommodating. The hotel is right next to Tate Modern and a 5 min walk to the Thames River and the Millennium Bridge. Also very close to M&S and Wacamama. We had breakfast at Oxbo and it was very delicious. ,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay in a wonderful hotel,"Just getting around to writing this... we visited in April, Easter Week, one of the busiest in London in recent years. Our son was studying for the semester at Kings College London and his dorm was nearby. We thought it would be a treat to all stay there together in a suite. Found a GREAT deal via the Hilton website (I'm a gold customer) on a one-bedroom suite.  I have stayed at top hotels all over the world, and I have to say this was one of the finest hotels -- with the best, most accommodating staff -- in which I have ever had the pleasure of staying.  Location: fantastic, on the south bank a short walk from the Tate Modern, the promenade behind it, Borough Market, and several tube stations, yet a quiet enough area so you don't feel in the middle of a downtown throng.  The…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bottomless Prosecco lunch,"I went here on a Saturday afternoon with my girl cousins to celebrate a 50th birthday,the lunch was amazing it catered for all food requirements the staff were friendly and very helpful they kept our glasses filled up all lunch time we had 1 waiter called Faris and he looked after us very well the atmosphere was buzzing after our lunch we took our drinks outside were the friendly staff continued to look after us, the reception was clean and smelt lovely I will definitely be returning.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,They make it easy to stay here,"A very modern hotel, very contemporary and great service. Always enjoy my stay here - service and choice at breakfast is good. Exec lounge please keep food going to the same time as the drinks service. ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wow wow wow and wow again ..,"I love this place. From check in to check out, the experience is brilliant. Look, we use to stay in stuffy Savoy, the awful Park Lane Hilton, the Park Lane Intercontinental, the Mandarin, Hotel 41 ect ect ... this place and people leaves them all well behind. The service levels are phenomenal and I am in wonderment how they have achieved such a high level .. clearly a great management team and wonderful immaculate staff. I lost a credit card visiting the poor Oxo Restaurant up the road, and the Concierge at Bankside went above and beyond in helping me try to locate it. The best Hilton Lounge in the history of Hilton Lounges and Breakfast, amazing. I could go on and on and on and on .. my compliments for excellence  ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel and Location,"I'd stayed in the area previously and walked past this hotel. Ordinarily it would be pricey compared to some of its competitors, but having stayed here it was a price worth paying.   We were warmly greeted at reception and being Hilton Gold had an upgraded room on the third floor. Considering the railway is just across the way we didn't hear anything. Beautifully appointed and clean rooms with a lovely wooden finish that hid the cupboards away. The room came with free complimentary soft drinks in the minibar, flat screen TV, plenty of sockets and a nice sized safe and cupboard. The beds were exceptionally comfortable and in our twin room we slept very well.   The bathroom was clean and beautifully designed. The shower head adjustable in both water flow and height and was hot.…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely wonderful!,"Awesome stay. This hotel is modern, clean and has the best staff we've ever experienced. Everyone was friendly, professional and great at their job! We were there 12 days. We had the very nice breakfast buffet almost every day, we had room service twice, and ate in the restaurant once. The food was very very good, the prices in the restaurant what one might expect from a hotel restaurant. We asked the concierge some transportation questions and had to ask for help using the computer printer in the business center. Everyone was knowledgeable, helpful and gracious. Every few days, staff would knock on our door around 5 pm with a surprise snack or treat! Housekeeping was superb. I left a note asking for more pillows and a wastebasket the first day and it was already there when we…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,2 day leisure visit,Excellent hotel overall. Great location and so central to so many major attractions. Customer service is of the highest quality. We really enjoyed out total experience at the Hilton Bankside and would strongly recommend this hotel should you plan a visit to London.,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,"Excellent hotel, good location, beautiful decor, sleek, modern.  immaculate inside.  The best thing about this hotel is the staff.  All of the staff are friendly, helpful courteous and always greet you with a smile.  I loved my stay here.  Highly recommend this hotel if you are in London.  Breakfast and Lunch were superb also.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceptional service and Facilities,"After staying in a lot of Hilton in various countries, Hilton Bankside is, by far, my favorite one. The design is  modern and very appealing. The room we stayed at was quite spacious. We especially liked the executive lounge which was well designed, stocked well with drinks and food, and has a staff that was attentive and helpful.  The close proximity to transportation and tourist sites elevated this hotel even further. But, what made our stay so much more memorable was the check in experience. The employees, especially Chiara, went above and beyond to fix some confusion caused by my double booking. Beyond the facilities, its staff like her that makes your hotel truly exceptional. ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fab exec lounge,"What a great facility. Arrived tired but fortuitously just at ""canapé"" time. Slid into the very well appointed executive lounge (free access with exec grade rooms) and enjoyed lovely wine and canapés at no additional cost  As a business woman travelling, I much prefer to be in an entry controlled lounge than a bar or dining alone in a restaurant. Great idea. Lovely ambience and excellent wine and snacks. Prawns, salmon, dips, cheese, samosas, fruit etc. All excellent  Well done Hilton!  HH",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Everything!,"Immaculately clean, vast choice of breakfast foods and the staff can't do enough to make the stay outstanding. We stayed last year and if anything it is even better, the rooms are beautiful clean and modern, we really enjoyed our visit to London. It is also perfectly situated for a walk along the Thames and near to some of the big attractions.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Experience Hilton Bankside,It was a great stay. I thoroughly enjoyed the service standard of the hotel. The staff was very cordial and helpful. The quality of restaurant was also great in terms of food served and service. However the rooms were average in terms of space but well maintained and clean.,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
1218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton at its best,We are all used to Hilton Hotels and know what to expect. The Hilton London Bankside is not what you would expect. Very modern with clean lines throughout the building. A short walk from local transport but right in the heart of London Southbank and bankside. Strongly recommended. Well done Hilton,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in the World!!!,"We returned to London for a quick, Memorial Day (US) or Banking Day (UK) weekend getaway visit and stayed here again after a wonderful stay here last June at the beginning of our trip to Wales and southwest England followed by a Greek and Croatian cruise out of Venice.  We again arrived very early, about 8:45 am, but were informed by a very helpful and friendly lady named Jan at the check-in desk that no Executive rooms were ready due to full hotel the night before.  We are Diamond and booked both nights on points.  Jan said we had been upgraded to an executive-level room but could give us a regular one immediately, but we opted to wait for the Executive room.  Jan promised to have one ready for us as soon as possible, and she did.  We were tired from flying all night and taking…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful & Friendly hotel,"Big surprise finding such a lovely and beautiful hotel 1 block form the Tate Modern. It was a terrific stay and would highly recommend it especially if you want to stay on Bankside.. so much to do just in that area, and it is a good way of getting to know this area.  Breakfast package was very worthwhile.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel close to Tate modern and the globe,You couldn't get closer to the Tate or the Globe. Seriously. Hotel was nice quality. The workers do struggle to understand English though. Nice staff though. Great room. Kind of in a less tourist area. ,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely fantastic service!,"We stayed here for the second year running, as the company I work for hires the whole hotel to host it's annual Summer Ball, and I can honestly I've never been treated so well. The staff go above and beyond, in particular Eitvydas Gulevicius (Eddie) who was so friendly and helpful; nothing was too much trouble - truly 5* service! The rooms are spacious and comfortable, as you'd expect from a Hilton, and the buffet breakfast spread is one of the most varied I've come across - really lovely. We were there the night of the London Bridge attacks and the staff dealt with the whole situation incredibly well, managing to keep a building filled with over 600 well-lubricated people safe and at ease. Would absolutely recommend and would definitely return, thank you.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Summer ball 2 night weekend stay,"Having stayed at this hotel several times now I can honestly say the the staff here are as good if not better than anywhere I have stayed worldwide. Very attentive but not overly and across all areas. I cannot recommend this hotel enough. Great room, lovely good , great atmosphere in bar and only a short stroll with many places of interest. I would not hesitate in recommending the hotel to anyone. Looking forward to returning!!!!",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,Stayed here for a awards evening and the stay was fabulous. The service is friendly and efficient and the decor and hotel itself are very modern. Our room was very neat and tidy and the bed was very comfy. It's situated in a perfect place to go sight seeing.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton London,"Very nice located Hotel with excellent service, really great breakfast and everything you need. But you need to ask for the right room, some of them are opposite of a huge wall without any view to a street.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous stay,Great base and hotel. Staff and facilities are great. Well worth paying extra for the access to the executive lounge. Gergely could not have been more welcoming and helpful to us during our stay. The pool was a welcome and relaxing experience after a long day out. We'll definately be back !,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous hotel, friendly staff, great location","We stayed for one night. The hotel is gorgeous and a 5 min walk from South Bank and the Tate Modern. Great for easy access to the Old and Young Vic Theatres. The staff are super friendly, lovely food and drinks and fabulous interiors. Would stay again. ",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Sensational service in South Bank.,"What a fantastic find and a great addition to the Bankside and Soutbank neighbourhood. This hotel appears unassuming however is very close to the river, the tate modern, the tube, and is half way between tower bridge and central london.  Service however sets this hotel apart, both from others in the area and Hilton generally. In fact the best service i have received from Hilton worldwide.  From the warm and professional welcome of Jan when we arrived to the exceptional professionalism and friendliness of Phoebe in the restautant - all were very memorable.   The rooms are tasteful, spacious and well equipped. Only disappointment was lack of view - a wall a few feet away.  The pool however was great compensation. Beautiful gym and spa - amazing in such a central location.   I tend…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Much more than one would expect!,"The hotel is relatively new and very up to date without being sterile or overly modern and cold.  The services are tops and similar to though on a smaller scale than very traditional London luxury hotels such as Claridges and the Savoy, etc.  It is for what you get a real deal and while in a trendy neighborhood which is being gentrified, it remains real and accessible with excellent dining and transportation options and less of a 'mob scene' which can be the case often in central-central London.  Service is superb.",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
1230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding London Hotel,"The London Bankside is a beautiful hotel with a great central location.  The hotel has exceptional accommodations and each member of the staff we encountered, provided outstanding customer service.  We'd absolutely stay in this hotel again.  Highly recommended.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Hotel Bankside,Our stay at the Hilton was delightful to say the least. We were received by Anneke Nieman who is was warm and extremely helpful at every turn. Every interaction from Front of House to Housekeeping to the Restaurant Staff was highly consistent. The quality and level of service remains unrivaled in all my travels and stays in London for business or leisure. Weekend family volumes are managed quite well given that breakfast tables are almost all taken up. The Chefs who work under this pressure do so with the most warm and pleasant demeanor. The consistency is something that is very difficult to go unnoticed.   Location is excellent with access to the city within minutes - walking or by public transport. Walking around the Borough is a must and the Hilton remains a gem of a find in…,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent family long weekend,"Very convenient location. It's 2 minutes from the Tate Modern (well worth a visit), 5 minutes walk from the Globe Theatre and 6 minutes from the water taxi (highly recommended as no traffic jams). Dead easy to get to Docklands and the West End. We went to North Greenwich and Covent Garden, Oxford St and Leicester Sq. 10 minute walk to Waterloo and the iMax. 35-minute walk to the West End.  The hotel itself is brand new. The decor is clean, modern and fun with little features like the foxes to entertain the kids. No worn carpets and the 2 bedrooms we had were in excellent condition.   The pool is beautiful, the gym well equipped and the spa offers a good range of services. The beds are comfortable, the rain showers and baths are fabulous. The food is good and the martinis from…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,Can not fault this hotel. We stayed with a group of friends and the hotel was immaculate and the staff could not have been more helpful. There was no noise from inside or outside of the hotel at night which is a big bonus being a light sleeper.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel in a great location,We were extremely happy with this room. We were looking for a hotel on the South Bank and this was a great find. Terrific location to walk anywhere as well as easy transit links. Lots of amenities nearby and the hotel staff was very accommodating. Our room was an King Suite and was roomy and comfortable. Very happy with this hotel.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay for O2 event,"Right behind Tate gallery, nearest tube Southwark ideal for our needs. Hotel clean and efficient our room / bathroom very uptodate no issue with beds. Would happily stay again. Staff courteous and professional, breakfast well presented. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Staff made our stay all the more enjoyable,"About a ten minute walk from Waterloo station the Hilton Bankside is a gem.  Ideal for business travellers and tourists as it's only 100 yds or so from the Tate Gallery and Bankside Pier.  There are plenty of restaurants and bars just a short walk away but the Hotel's Distillery Bar famous for its large selection of Gin didn't disappoint!  Our rooms were perfect:  modern, luxurious, clean and quiet. The breakfast was amazing and there was so much choice.  There is a Spa at the hotel although we didn't have any treatments, we did use the pool and jacuzzi.  We had a fantastic 3 night break but the best thing about this hotel was the Staff. They were all friendly, helpful and attentive.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,"Great hotel, great location! Price was good for the location, walking distance to many things. Room was very big compared to other area hotels. The bed and pillows were very comfy! Clean and friendly staff as well. The restaurant and bar was very good too! ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Short break,Great location and very attentive service. Would absolutely recommend. Close the the Tate and globe theatre. Easy travel routes to the hotel with the bonus of a river taxi and sight seeing service a few minutes away. ,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel for business trip,"The hotel is very easy to approach by public transport. It is not a romantic hotel but a real business one.  The interior is very well designed even with the ""wolf lights"" on the wall.   The breakfast is excellent",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"""Carefree ease""","As a regular Hilton visitor, I get to try out different Hiltons all around. This was my first stay at Bankside. It will not be my last.  The staff is professional and friendly, solving any and all issues that can arise. The hotel is modern and luxurious, providing an excellent breakfast.  Rooms are equipped with fantastic beds, albeit the duvets are slightly too heavy. I removed mine, and enjoyed the soft sheets instead. The bathrooms have showers and it all looks great.  The pool opens from 6:00 to 22:00 and is an excellent escape from the city. Worth a swim! The location, though away from the ""centre"", is located in hip Bankside. Take a stroll towards the Borough Market, and you won't regret the distance at all! It is only a 45 minute walk from Piccadilly Circus, and it is a…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,"We had a wonderful stay here! Rooms were beautiful and quiet! Hotel was a great location. Staff was very helpful. We walked everywhere. Such a clean, lovely, and wonderful hotel. We would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely first class,We stayed here when we got delayed at Heathrow airport and what a stay . He executive lounge was spacious and very generous. The breakfast in a Sunday morning was very quiet and the service was world class from all of the team . I must stay here whenever you are in London ,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Modern, top hotel","I've stayed at Hilton London Bankside twice in the past year. It has modern, elegant decoration and look.   The staff is polite as you can expect, and they do their best to give you top service. I was not told at the check-in that my reservation included complimentary breakfast (luckily my colleague told me after I had checked in).   The buffet breakfast is great, with quality items, and I especially enjoyed the omelette. Breakfast has hummus, tons of cheese options, pastries, egg station, freshly squeezed juices and so forth.   The gym is small, it's very clean and machines are new. Although it could be improved. A smith machine would be a great addition as it now has many cardio machines.  Tip: You can use the showers in the gym if you have a late flight even after you've…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, convenient location","Stayed for a weekend. Check in staff were lovely with my 8 year old niece & arranged for mini- dressing gown & welcome pack to be waiting for her. Nice room, modern, well equipped. Breakfast selection good (albeit a little manic on the Sunday as there has been a big wedding the night before). Absolute only gripe was they forgot to make up our room. Would return her",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Elegant and modern Hotel in London's new hotspot,"The Hilton Bankside is a rarity among the Hilton hotels - for this centric property just steps from the Tate Modern museum, they chose to step up and embrace the artsy neighbourhood with an elegant twist.  Fantastically located in Southwark, it is just a short walk from Borough market, the Tate Modern, St Paul and the Thames river.  The hospitality offered is outstanding, from the doorman to concierge and every single employee, they represent British elegance, courtesy and an excellent service.   The rooms are modern and beautiful, the restaurant offers a tasty variety of delicacies day and night and the bar offers live music and drinks in a beautiful ambiance. A gem by the Thames! Looking forward to visiting them again.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great modern hotel in London,"I picked this hotel for proximity to Waterloo Station for train to Southampton for a cruise. As a Hilton Diamond, I get great benefits too.  But this new hotel is really close to the Tate Modern and walking distance from Southark Underground Station. The rooms are ample and once you figure out wher the safe is, it is easy to put everything away for a 5 night stay.  The Executive Lounge staff were excellent since they handled my partners gluten intolerance very well.  Clean and modern and rooms are spacious enough for a long stay. Very close to St. Paul's and Thames.  ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic experience!,A smaller house - very pleasing and a very modern interpretation of the well-known Hilton-theme - yet still high-class in its traditional caring for the guest. Executive lounge very tasteful and pleasant. Definitely a place to come back when in London again!,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Cleanest hotel ever,"This hotel is SO clean, and that is always top on my priority list. I'm a bit extreme when it comes to cleanliness, so for anyone reading, consider that huge praise for Hilton London Bankside if you're clean freak like me.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay!,"From the moment we entered the hotel, we were provided with excellent service. ""Eddie"" had taken our bags and brought them straight away to our very spacious, clean room. We had some trouble with the converters and someone was there in no time to help us out. The breakfast buffet was amazing with many choices. We were always greeted with a smile after each of our excursions. Definitely would recommend and definitely would stay again.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Stayed here for the night while on business as it was recommended by the boss.  Very spacious rooms with friendly staff, good facilities and a great bathroom. The Bar and restaurant a little pricey, but that's expected.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel! ,"This is a beautiful hotel with a great service, super clean and an amazing breakfast buffet. Its central. Only 20 minutes walk to the themes river and london eye. We stayed here for two days in an upgraded executive room with free entrance to the lounge. I have visited several hilton hotel and this is the best so far. The staff gave a good service. I absolutely recommend this hotel in London",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable ,"A great, comfortable stay. Good location- 2 mins walk from Southwark tube station. Friendly and helpful staff. Large rooms with lots of amenities and air conditioning. Plentiful and high quality breakfast. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Poor service,"I've been staying in this hotel on and off for the last month, due to a project. First, there was a purple lipstick stain when I ordered a coffee at the restaurant for breakfast. Another day, I ordered breakfast in the room and it came at £40 when it was supposed to cost £21 (this specific mistake I believe to be an honest mistake and one of the supervisors came to apologize). The worst part for me, however, is that on 3 occasions, I came back to my room late in the afternoon and housekeeping had not come yet. I had to call guest services to ask them to come, then go downstairs and wait, which is very annoying. Last time this happened, however, was the cherry on the cake, as I came back at around 3pm to my room on a Saturday, after being out for the whole morning, only to find…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Will return! Excellent staff, facilities and service","Stayed at this hotel for a two night break.  As diamond members we are very familiar with Hilton hotels in London, the UK and around the world.  This was certainly the best by a long margin in the UK and on a par with some of the best overseas (such as Malta, Venice, Dubrovnik and Bangkok).  In particular the staff were outstanding, from the welcome at reception, the service at breakfast and in the excellent executive lounge (thank you Per, Greg and all your colleagues).  Nothing was too much trouble - hard to achieve such consistency in central London. This will be the hotel of choice if staying in London in future.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a growing area,"Spent a couple of nights here in April. The service was excellent. From arrival when doors were held open and bags taken care of, a quick and painless check-in, all the way through to a reluctant check-out: I was taken care of and never felt less than first class.  The concierge was excellent and I kick myself that I don't remember his name so I could pay tribute to him now. The hotel is clean and welcoming (a wonderful Easter display), the rooms well catered and comfortable. Breakfast was amazing, expensive yes but thoroughly enjoyable. Lots of options and all my choices were delicious. The surrounding area was super quiet and I heard no noise from adjoining rooms. It was lovely - just really lovely. Is there a negative? Not really but .... it is a long way from a lot of…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,They are perfect..,"I have been in so many Hilton around the world, Bankside is one the good one. Staff is really good and the hotel is new.. Executive lounge is comfortable and staff is working hard to make you relax.. Location and surrounding is good.. Restaurants, Tate, museums, LPO, two tube stations are very close..",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel and excellent staff!,"Stayed here for 2 nights as part of romantic weekend away.  Hotel itself is wonderfully designed and the rooms are excellent.  We did get an upgraded King Deluxe after asking (although I am Diamond member so may have helped) and the bathroom was exceptionally lovely  The staff are some of the nicest and most helpful I have seen in a Hilton - I literally had 5 every morning greeting us.  The Exec bar here is one of the best I have been in - the choice and quality of the food and drink was top notch!  The hotel location is also superb, right by the Borough Market and tubes etc. and short tube rides to everywhere else.  Only small gripes I have are (1) the scrambled eggs and porridge were undercooked on both mornings (sorry but you notice this stuff when staying in Hiltons every…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel,"Since this hotel in London opened myself and my husband have stayed here multiple times and we love it.  The staff are really friendly and helpful and the food in the bar and restaurant is amazing. We have also visited the oxbo restaurant for the Sunday brunch, which was worth every penny.  Also the cocktails in the bar are amazing and if there is a cocktail you want not on the menu the bar staff can make it.  Great location for a weekend break in London or if you are traveling on business.  We cannot wait till our next visit in July.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel ,"Very nice hotel, with fantastic breakfast. Sorry to say the dinner is not at the same level. I love the location, and the room and bathroom have high standards. The hotel is located near the Tate museum, and the Thames. So for dinner find another place.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel in a nice area,"Excellent hotel with a service oriented staff in a nice area. Easy to catch the tube from here or walk to the city centre.  Rooms are spacious and nice, but breakfast is overpriced and disappointing. Poolarea is nice. ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,very nice hotel,"lovely hotel, attentive staff who kept their distance and did not hassle a perfect combination. some interesting and quirky decorative items to keep your eye and mind engaged. delicious breakfast. workable complimentary wifi.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,New and comfortable,"I have stayed here a few times and although you can not fault the hotel, as everything is still very new and well laid out, I find the reception staff to have a certain air of superiority and do not go the extra mile, in my opinion. The contrary can be said of the Executive Lounge staff, especially Ana and Gergely, who are compassionate, friendly, extremely helpful and hard-working. The afternoon tea is quite an enjoyable experience. Breakfast is quite an affair at the Hilton Bankside and different from other Hilton properties. It is very nice, with a wide variety of offerings, however things seem to run out as early as 9am and no replacement is provided. The rooms are spacious enough for London and the bed is comfortable. Good location for London Bridge and east of London.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location!,"Hunter's lodge ambience and decent hotel amenities :) nicely located for a short walk anywhere. Wasn't going to comment more but TripAdvisor needed 200 words.  We were Hilton Gold members, but didnt look the part so it was forgotten during check-in. Honestly, it was quite annoying to have to prompt them if I would enjoy certain benefits versus then just outrightly offering them to me. Didn't get the executive lounge access. It's fine, I understand. I travelled a few times on first class flights, & self paid business class flights (most were company-paid mine you) and because I looked young and didn't wear fancy brands, I get ushered in the queue with economy passengers. So I do not fault Hilton for this.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Impeccable!,"Can't say enough good words about this hotel. We felt right at home from the moment we walked in. Everyone was so nice and friendly, rooms were kept in ideal conditions, the size of the room were just right and comparing to other European hotels were on the bigger side. As Hilton Gold we have been upgraded to the higher floor with access to the lounge. But I think the most incredible thing about this hotel is their breakfast! The choices are endless, the food is delicious! And of course this hotel is centrally located to pretty much anything. We stayed there for 3 full days and we never even took a subway once, walking all around central London (everything between Westminister bridge and Tower bridge on both sides of the river). I wouldn't even think twice about staying anywhere…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel and wonderful service! ,"Flying in from the US on an early Saturday morning, I went to the hotel at 10:30 am figuring that I would leave my luggage with the concierge and walk around until I could check in and sleep. To my surprise, the hotel clerk told me that my room was ready. What a pleasure to be able to take a long nap and a shower and then go wandering portobello market. Hotel is also very conveniently located close to the Tate Modern, the riverfront and Shakespeare's Globe. In addition, the concierge very kindly allowed my friend (who had left her glasses in Cornwall) to have her glasses sent to them 3 days after we had checked out. We were able to come get them. Very professional people and excellent service!!",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful stay,"Beautiful hotel, excellent service, wonderful staff. Room beautiful. Bedding super comfy, great bathroom design. Had a fantastic stay, wish we had time to stay another night! Food in morning did not disappoint either. Loved it!",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Very new modern hotel, didn't disappoint","As I understand the hotel is roughly 1 year old and it shows. Everything is still practically brand new. Very modern with bar and restaurant on the ground floor too. The original room we checked into had a bath/shower combo and for someone who is 6'5"" was never going to work. Fortunately the wonderful front desk staff had some other options and we ended up paying a little more for a bigger room with a separate shower. The room (719) was a suite with lots of room, spacious bedroom with ensuite that had a bath/shower combo and a separate shower. Even had a view of 'The Shard' from the shower. We had a 2nd toilet separate from the bathroom which was handy and I slept on the sofabed in the living room which was very very comfortable. Was able to store a couple of drinks in the…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best hotel I have stayed at in London,I have travelled to london many times and like trying different hotels this was the best so far and I wouldn't hesitate returning. We stayed in a junior suite and it was excellent it also entitles you to free drinks/food in the executive lounge which is a bonus.Staff are excellent.Would definitely stay again ,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,"From the time we checked in to the time we checked out nothing was too much trouble for the staff. Tiffany at check in was very helpful,when we needed a taxi one was ordered for us with no hassle. Breakfast was amazing and the staff again we very helpful. Definitely would stay again.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,This hotel is wonderfully located.  It is walking distance to the  Tate Modern.  The Millenial Bridge is right behind the museum. You are walking distance to one of Gordon Ramsey's restaurant.  Conveniently located to the Metro.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing Stay,We were highly impressed with this hotel and our stay.  The location is great behind the Tate Modern with plenty of food and stores around.  We got a king room which for London was well sized with a nice size bathroom as well.  Great customer service!  We got turn down service which was an unexpected nice surprise our first night as we were exhausted from our travel day.  The breakfast buffet was delicious and generous.  The room was quiet and we slept amazingly between the quiet rooms and amazing blackout curtains!  The room was clean and the bed comfortable.  I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely go back if in London!,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,"Book a room with the executive lounge!  Fabulous amenities.  The breakfast is wonderful.  They will fix anything you would like.  Eggs, bacon, ham,fresh fruit, pastries, coffee, tea, the list is endless.  They also have tea & sweets in the afternoon and drinks with a light meal in the evening.  All complimentary!  But, the most impressive food amenity is that they stock complimentary snacks in you suite for you as well.  I am a diamond hilton honors member and travel often all over the world  I would highly recommend this hotel as one of the best Hiltons I have stayed at.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fab hotel, great location and amazing food","Stayed here a while ago but never got around to writing up my review. The hotel is gorgeous and so clean! The staff are great, the rooms very comfortable and they do the best breakfast of any Hilton I've ever stayed in. Would definitely recommend this hotel to someone staying in London. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect in every way,We stayed here 5 nights after finalizing a 92 day cruise and before returning home.  We could not have been more pleased. We love this location and the staff and accommodations were exceptional. Would definitely return and recommend! We paid extra for a deluxe king--but the price was fair and it was a good decision!,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Remains excellent,"This a review of a stay for business purposes, in an executive room, for 4 nights, over a weekend.  Booking: Use of the Hilton app is easy, and enabled me to to book my room quickly. I needed to add extra nights and extra rooms as time progressed - on contacting the hotel, they were very helpful in ensuring I had the same room for all 4 nights and that a colleague could stay in the other room I had booked. My only suggestion for improvement is that they could have merged my stay into one receipt for the whole weekend (rather than one for each booking). E-Check-In was excellent and enabled me to choose my room.  Service: As ever, the staff provided friendly and courteous service. Everyone from chambermaid to manager made sure to say hello with a smile and requests for extra…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nothing too much trouble,"We stayed her for one night before The BAFTAS This hotel certainly deserves its 5 star rating,from the minute we arrived to be greeted with an iced lemonade nothing was too much trouble! Beautifully appointed room and public areas with a special mention to Per on the front desk who was absolutely charming. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay.,"We stayed for 7 nights at the Hilton London Bankside, our first time in London. Our room was spacious and modern.  We didn't have a view at all, but this didn't detract from our stay.  Our booking included breakfast which was brilliant.  Wide variety of delicious food, great service. The people at Concierge were very helpful and gave us the info we needed so we could get where we needed to go, especially via the nearby Southwark station.  Would definitely stay at this hotel again.  Loved it.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Probably... ...definitely the best Hilton I've stayed at!,Well this the twenty fifth Hilton stay this year and i can confirm that this is the best Hilton I've experienced by far.  All of the staff were outstanding and professional which added with the quality of the rooms and facilities made this a pleasurable break.  I have to point out a few stars in the entourage with Per on the front desk establishing a high level of professionalism and also friendliness and also to Greg in the executive lounge both added to the over all experience.  This will be my preferred hotel in London from now onward.,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,beautifully appointed,"fantastic guest rooms, really well designed and fitted, very quiet and comfortable and a great location right by Blackfriars bridge. My only niggle was that the two staff handling checkout on Saturday Morning were struggling to keep up with the level of demand so a queue built up which was annoying but overall a great hotel and good staff",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic weekend stay,Stayed at the bankside this weekend room 205. Im a hilton employee so like to stay in hilton propities when possible but can honestly say this is the best hotel ive stayed in its modern clean and the staff very friendly and deal with your everyneed cant fault it booked to come back in sept cant wait.  Stanley family,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely Fabulous In Every Way,"I am a regular visitor to London and as someone who is loyal to the Hilton brand, I have had my fair share of stays at various Hilton properties across the Capital over the years and even had my favourite property. That all changed when I stayed at Hilton London Bankside for the first time and I can honestly say that this is my new favourite property by far and we will be staying here from now on.   The staff are absolutely phenomenal and they could not do enough for my boyfriend and I. It started from the moment we checked in. We were checked in very quickly and efficiently. We received an upgrade to a one bedroom king suite due to my status with Hilton Honors and that was an absolutely lovely surprise. The entire property is still fairly new and the decor is modern and…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good hotel in good location,"Smart, modern hotel in the Bankside area. Reception and check out were smooth and efficient. Bathroom was on the small side but the shower was pretty good. I didn't eat at the hotel but had one drink in the bar which was nice enough.   I would happily stay here again if I wanted to be in that part of London but wouldn't make a special trip for it.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
1283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel with very good transport links.,"We stayed at this hotel because of a business meeting nearby, but I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London that did not want to pay for the excess charges in the West End of London.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Hilton Bankside: it was ""OK"" . . .","I guess I simply had higher expectations for my stay at the Hilton Bankside.  With that being said, the property is still a reasonable option for the Borough of Southwark.  I originally booked my reservation three or four months before my arrival.  Rates were very competitive for what is listed as a “5 star” property in London.  Beforehand, I did request a particular room configuration through the reservations department.  Although it took a few days, I did receive confirmation of a specific type of room.  The Hilton Bankside is conveniently located within a quick 5 minute walk of the Southwark Station.  From Heathrow, it’s a relatively simple process taking the Piccadilly line to Green Park and then the Jubilee line to Southwark.  Within a minute’s walk from the hotel, there…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"Everything that could've been great was great. Amazing location, staff, services, food, room and facilities. Would definitely stay here again and would recommend to anyone looking to stay in a luxury hotel in London. ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"This was our second stay at the Hilton Bankside.  It is a fantastic hotel.  All the staff greet you and the level of service is superb.  The bed was really comfy and our room was really well appointed - we had a suite.   This time around, I could actually use the mirror whilst seated when drying my hair!  Breakfast is fabulous - omelettes, eggs and waffles are all cooked to order and the accompaniments are excellent.  The breads and pastries are some of the best I've seen and there is a wide choice of different foods.  The dining room staff are attentive and friendly.  The only minor thing I would change would be to have better bread than the bog standard, square, sliced stuff by the conveyer toaster.  It's convenient for public transport and there is good choice of restaurants…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bankside,"A great business hotel.  Efficient staff, good facilities, nice rooms! Now my preferred stay in London.  Staff always friendly and a very good Executive Lounge  Location also very convenient for Bankside, Borough Market, The Shard etc.  Restaurants nearby too",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Executive!,"I just love this Hotel! Booked an Executive room for 2 nights and requested a ""walk-in"" shower. The hotel contacted me to ask if I had any further requests or needs. I explained that it was just a matter of choice and not a physical requirement, I cannot abide sitting in cooling water with skin getting crinkled!! Room was a delight, very cleverly laid out. Bed linen was excellent, feather pillows and duvet.... oh joy. Why do hotels insist on buying those awful ""plastic"" duvets that feel as if one is sleeping under a door??! The bathroom, with large shower, was gorgeous.  With your Exec room comes access to the Exec Lounge. Here there is all day coffee, soft drinks and snacks. 5 to 7pm Tapas are served and drinks served until 8pm. It is a lovely relaxing spot to come to, any time…",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel at prime location,"This was the second time we stayed at the Hilton Bankside. Just as the first time, we were welcomed in a very friendly way and we even got an upgrade (without costs) to a better room than originally booked. The room was spacy and very clean. When we returned late in the evening, housekeeping had laid open the beds and put down slippers. A nice attention! We could also take refreshments out of the mini bar when we liked to. The executive lounge is also a very nice one. Enough space to sit down and relax and equally friendly staff. I certainly will visit this hotel more in the future.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Ideal for tourists,"A few minutes’ walk from Southwark tube, which is only a few underground stops from the West End (and even closer to the RV1 bus to the Strand and Covent Garden). Walking distance to the Tate Modern, Borough Market and the Shard. Stylish rooms, with coffee and tea making facilities and a small fridge for guest use, though strangely lacking an iron and ironing board. Good Wi-Fi signal. Rooms are quiet, with little traffic noise. Lovely breakfast, a cut above the average Hilton. Quite a few bars and restaurants in the immediate vicinity though not an area with a busy nightlife (some nearby pubs such as The White Hart close at weekends, or are quiet at weekends).",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Choice,"Excellent Hotel I´d like to visit every time again! Very good location near by the city, very friendly and helpful service, very good breakfast and well equipped rooms. We´d only prefered a bar that closes later, but in GB impossible...",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Only stay here if your convention is held here,"Pros: fairly new hotel with comfy bed. Cons: *far away from city center in a business district that everything closed down after dark. *front office staff does not care honnor members, and discriminate if you book thru outside channel such as expedia or booking.com. *prison-like room. If your room facing inside you gonna be facing a wall just few feet fr u and ur neighbor and all windows 100% sealed. No natural air flow, 0. *sewage smell coming up from bathroom from time to time even my room is on the 5th floor.* over priced breakfast with non-organic ingredients, extremely low quality choices, everthing is from cans or package, i.e. All jiuces r from can but they dare to label ""fresh"".* concierge lounge offering in par with airport lounges in u.s. Beautifully presented but very…",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
1293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best hotel of the trip,"This hotel is located just a short walk from the Tate. Although not in the usual tourist location, we walked almost everywhere - even up to Hyde park. In fact the daily walk on the riverfront was a real highlight of our London trip.  The hotel itself is almost brand new and it showed in the fixtures and fittings. The room was clean and very spacious. Comfortable bed. Great shower. We were given a room on the first floor and it was so quiet. We did not hear any noise from the neighbouring rooms eventhough the hotel was fully booked. There is a gymn and indoor heated pool but we didn't get the chance to use these facilities. There is a Tesco and Sainsbury a few doors down which added to the convenience. The Borough Market and St Paul's Cathedral is also nearby. I would say for the…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but no hot water,"I stayed for three nights at this hotel for a conference. I was disappointed that on my first morning the shower was barely lukewarm. I reported it to reception and the following morning I had lovely hot water. However, on the third morning the water was almost cold. I was disgusted.  Breakfast was nice but I was only offered filter coffee on the first morning - which quite frankly I was shocked at. The following morning I discovered that I could help myself to an americano!!!! Not good enough. Lovely variety of food for breakfast but on my last morning I went for breakfast around 10am and lots of food (such as the jars of yogurt) were finished - seems a little crazy that they appear to operate on a first come, first served basis. Breads were not replenished either that morning…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
1295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"omfort, Style & Location at London Hilton Bankside","It was a real pleasure staying at this hotel. The attentive staff, comfortable beds and attention to detail will keep clients coming back. I w as only in town for 2 days on a layover I found easy access to the RV1 bus route on nearby Southwork minutes from the hotel. Via this bus I easily got to the London Eye, Burrough market, the Shard, London Bridge & Tower bridge, to name a few tourist sites. Great location for the Underground as well. I would stay here again on my next visit.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing Burgers,The Hotel Restaurant Really Delivers Quality Food For A Nice Price. I been in the hotel for 3 days for an event and the hotel really delivers a high standard for a reasonable price. I recommend this place to others,Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Celebrating 43 years,"This was trip to celebrate my birthday number 43 and it couldn't be better, excellent choice...the hotel is new and the service is perfect...the bed confortable and the bathroom clean and beautiful...the situation of the hotel is near of the subway...100% recommended...",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Chilled bank holiday ,"I generally love a Hilton anyway, this one is now my new favourite. Good walking distance from Southwark tube station, about 5 minutes. Building modern and staff super friendly. We are 3 university friends that catch up regularly. Had a junior suite which we were offered an upgrade for £50 to a one bedroom suite which was good and had plenty of room! Used pool and had access to executive lounge which was amazing. We were being very lazy and stayed around the hotel for our stay but the lovely atmosphere, good food and friendly staff who made us feel at ease made our stay great. Thank you Hilton bankside will be returning 😀 ",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
1299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and staff,"This is a premium hotel with a very high level of rooms and facilities. The staff are great; very friendly and quick to help out where needed. The hotel is situated well for Southwark, Blackfriars and London Bridge which are all around 10 mins walk away.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the first few great designs spotted in a Hilton and such value for money!,"I read somewhere that we should keep this place hush-hush because it's such a great hotel and provides fabulous value, but I guess that wouldn't be fair to the hotel for all its effort.   Things I really like about this Hilton: 1. DESIGN - Modern, clean and pretty 2. ACCESSIBILITY - Walking distance to metro station and the Tate Modern  We had a handicap-accessible room, so not much to rave about design of the toilet. BUT, the room is so nicely done up and comfortable... Love this place and would definitely return!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Treated like Royalty,"As a Hilton Honors Diamond Member, it was recommended by Hilton that my children and I stay here for our vacation. Well, they were spot on!  I travel quite frequently for work and have never been treated as well during a hotel stay as at the Hilton London Bankside.  We arrived from the United States at 7am and obviously rooms weren't ready, but they took us to luggage hold, let us get items we needed out to go to spa area to shower and then to Executive Lounge for breakfast. I was pleasantly surprised that one of our 2 rooms was available by about 10am.  From the front desk check in, to the bell hop to the concierge, everything and everyone was top notch.  We didn't have to request more towels. They were there. We didn't have to request turndown service (linens turned down, damp…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Modern Hotel, Great Location, Helpful Staff","This is a very nice hotel, located within easy walking distance to many of the major tourist sites. Our room was large, clean, attractive, and comfortable. All staff members encountered were friendly, courteous, and professional.  The staff in the Executive Lounge were extremely helpful and did everything they could to anticipate and meet our needs. I would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wedding night,My husband chose to book this hotel for 2 nights during our wedding weekend. The bed was amazing (big enough to sleep 5) and you have all the privacy you'll need. Really enjoyed my stay and looking forward to coming back sometime in the future! ,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfection on bankside,"Best trip to London ever, the hotel and the location was absolutely perfect. I would highly recommend Hilton bankside to all, my wife and i was on a short love break but next time we Will definitely bring our daughter (7 years) she would have loved the hotel and services aswell.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The finest,This was my second year to host an event at Hilton Bankside. In addition to providing  a thoroughly professional service to 320 guests a team of event organisers stayed overnight and we cannot rate highly enough the quality of rooms and breakfast. The staff deserve special mention for their friendliness with each of them without exception performing at the highest of standards. Management can be justly proud of their entire team.  The hotel is located close to public transport with the Jubilee Line on the underground just a 5 minute walk to Southwark station. This stop takes you to the heart of the city in 7 minutes.  While we were setting up for our evening event the hotel was buzzing with a regular Saturday Brunch with live musicians and a full house which apparently is the…,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a great area,"Very satisfactory experience during my first stay at this really cool hotel. I love the area, love the venue. Staff great and smily. The Distillery Bar is stunning and the quality of the deco and materials is fantastic.  Looking forward to come back soon.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay! ,"My partner and I stayed at the Hilton London Bankside last week for his 30th Birthday.... Our whole stay was amazing staff were friendly & helpful, hotel was clean and just made our whole experience very enjoyable! I'd previously read reviews stating how good the hotel and staff were but it definitely topped expectations! Location was fab for tubes,  über taxi & general public transport. Can not wait to book and stay again. Would definitely recommend! Thank you for an awesome stay Hilton Bankside! P.s best Hilton I have stayed in by far. X ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice couple visit,"Lovely room and amazing staff. Bedroom is very spacious but the bathroom isn't the best. The shower water easily flows onto the main floor tiles in the bathroom, which means if you shower too long it's a wet mess. Everything was clean and tidy when we got in. Staff where quick and friendly trying to sort an issue was charged for breakfast that we didn't have and they handled the situation amazingly. Would recommend ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant,It is difficult to find fault with this hotel. I will definitely stay here again.  The swimming pool is a good size and the rooms very comfortable. Good selection at breakfast as well with staff who are keen to help.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good for the price with an excellent exec lounge,"This was my first visit to the Bankside- I stayed with my family in two connecting rooms for four days.  I usually stay on the north bank, so I wasn't sure what to expect, but the property is a very short walk to the river, and less than a 10 minute walk to a large collection of restaurants and bars.  It is also an easy 5-7 minute walk to the Southwark tube stop, and maybe a 12 minute walk to Waterloo train station.  The property is quite new, so the rooms were spacious, well lit, and well furnished.  We were able to access the executive lounge, and I found it to be the best of any hilton property in London, with a great breakfast, a reasonable selection of afternoon treats, and an excellent selection of hot and cold items in the evening accompanied by wine and spirits.  The…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Comfortable, Friendly, Great Location","Found the hotel when searching for somewhere near to Borough High St. I used to work a lot round that area but this was a new hotel I had never stayed at before. If it had been available then I would never had stayed anywhere else.  This is a superb hotel with really comfortable, well furnished and technically serviced rooms. The staff are also excellent with a very friendly attitude and who cannot do enough to provide help and a memorable stay.  I was checked in by Hannah (don't know her last name) and her advice and assistance was invaluable and this I think was probably my best check-in experience ever.  Finally, remember to look for the foxes. :-)",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Mayors Charity Ball ,"Strange location hidden off a side road by a block of council flats, we went for a Charity Ball, well presented inside.  Beautiful decor. The ballroom 1 is where we started off with drinks and it overlooked on a balcony to the main Ballroom 2.   This was set up amazing.  The 3 course meal was superb.  ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel- well placed,"Good stay and if this is what the ""new "" Hilton looks like it's a sure fire winner on style and decor.   Only downside was a little stern welcome that made signing in four rooms a little more difficult and frosty than it needed to be.  However in this case it was not in any way typical of other staff members whom we met who were all lovely ,welcoming and accommodating.  A special mention to floor staff in the bar who served us lovely food. They were superb in every way.   Decor spot on - rooms lovely.   Will be back.   ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Pleasant Vacation Stay,"Stay was friendly and helpful, and location good for getting to most south bank sites.  10-20 minute taxi ride (due to traffic) to Palace Area or Harrods; while you could walk to either on a nice day.  Borough market is close and worth a walk.  Rooms were clean and spacious for London, and executive lounge for those with status is superb.  Be aware of two things though.  VAT (government tax) is 20% on total bill, and do not ask pay in dollars.  I always ask to pay in Pounds and let my credit card convert, but slipped up here.  As soon as I said ""dollars"" I said ""wait no"" and the women said sorry I already pressed the button and can't cancel it.  The terrible ""convenience"" exchange rate cost me an extra $40 dollars from what the strait conversion would cost.  ",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay; brilliant staff,"We stayed at Hilton Bankside for 4 nights and had a wonderful stay. The room was clean and a nice size. Being an executive room there was a desk/ workspace which was very convenient for my husband who had to do some work while we were away. Having a comfortable workspace and good internet made doing so much easier. The best choice we made was to book an executive room which meant we had access to the executive lounge. The staff in the executive lounge was excellent. They were happy to do anything possible for every guest. Breakfast choices were wide and varied with excellent pastries, eggs cooked to order, porridge, cheeses and meats, etc. Afternoon tea in the lounge was also very good with very good scones, excellent desserts, and several choices of tea sandwiches. They also…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel - central location and terrific service!,"This is one of the nicest Hilton hotels I've stayed at.  It is very convenient in terms of transportation, restaurants, shopping, etc.  We also used the pool, which is part of the beautiful spa.  Highly recommend it!",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant service and friendly staff,"We stayed here for two nights on Monday 17th and Tuesday 18th April  2017 . We upgraded to executive rooms and lounge and it was a wonderful stay from start to finish . We enjoyed the swimming pool , the close proximity to Tate and the Globe and eAsy access to all parts of London . Very smart comfortable hotel and the waiter from Hungary in the executive lounge gave us great service . ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hiltons in England,"This hotel is relatively new.  When I first stayed there, I thought that maybe the excellent service and the focus of the staff on guests was early days enthusiasm.  But I have stayed subsequently including a recent stay, as well as attending corporate events there.  The quality of service has never changed.  The staff are a credit to the GM and the owners.  Other than the Waldorf , which is more expensive, you will not find any Hilton in London or the rest of England",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stay at Hilton London Bankside,"My wife and I stayed at the Hilton Hotel Bankside in London. It was a vacation trip and overall the experience was excellent. The staff was very helpful, the morning breakfast was very good, and the room/bed was comfortable and clean. We enjoyed it very much and the location of the hotel was very near a number of attractions such as the Globe Theater and the Imperial War Museum as well.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good addition to the Hilton family,"We decided to give this Hilton a try over Easter and were impressed. From the reception staff to the concierge and staff in the Exec lounge everyone was very helpful, professional and friendly. The hotel is very near to Tate Modern and close to the SouthBank (National theatre, London Eye, Festival theatre, Borough Market, London Bridge and Tower Bridge) so is a great location. You are also just a few minutes walk from Southwark underground station so it's easy to get around. As the hotel has only been open for about a year everything works and the rooms are well appointed. On this basis we'll certainly be staying here again.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Easter holiday stay,"We stayed at Hilton Bankside in an executive room. We loved the fantastic location - within 5min walk from Southwark station (jubilee line) and about 8 min from the City (just behind Tate modern).   The whole hotel has a modern décor creating very pleasant relaxing atmosphere all the way through. It is well maintained and cleaned at all times.   Our room was large. Even with an extra bed for our daughter we had a great amount of space. The bed was very, very comfortable with high quality bedding. The whole room and bathroom was spotless and very well equipped.   I was well impressed by all the staff hospitality, very attentive and went out of their way to help. Welcome pack for children was much appreciated. Our daughter felt like a princess with all the attention she got…. And…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good surprise!,"Nice hotel, well located, with a incridible breakfast and a very good restaurant if you need! The roons are large and calm! Everything was very clean and confortable. I just dislike the smell of the loby, it was to strong for me. I realy enjoy my faster stay!",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Easter weekend visit,Short walk from the tube. Friendly staff. Nice breakfast buffet with cooked to order hot dishes. A nice executive lounge with afternoon tea and evening canapes. Small pool and gym in basement.  Lots of small touches which made for a very pleasant visit. Housekeeping was outstanding! All in all made for a nice London stay!,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bar and staff are excellent,I have stayed in a very high number of hotels all over the world and the bar staff in this Hilton are some of the best I have ever seen. I think they have a very good manager in the bar area and that makes a big difference.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Firstly, the staff here are amazing. They cannot do enough for you and everyone I came across was happy and welcoming. Just wander through the lobby and 2 or 3 staff will go out of their way to help you with something, the same in the restaurant. This is an extremely well managed hotel. The rooms are very nice as is the bar and restaurant. We did not use the pool/spa area. Breakfast is very good - can they cook scrambled egg? Nearly...  Anyway stay here for the staff and they way you are looked after. Also great location just 5 mins walk to the river.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Social Stay ,"I stayed here on Good Friday with some friends as we had a gig near by. The welcome at the reception was warm and very friendly. Check in was speedy. I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the rooms were, very spacious. One thing I really liked was the plug sockets they were quite a few scattered around the room. When I stay in hotels I do find that there are only a couple and in an inconvenient place. The room we were in had some by the bed both sides and by the TV/table area. The bathroom was lovely again spacious and a shower that was so nice I did not want to leave. I think the whole place has been made and designed bery well. And the staff make the stay even more enjoyable. I always feel more settled in a hotel when the staff are welcoming. There honestly isn't anything I…",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, great standard of hotel","Easy to find,5 minute walk from Southwark tube and therefore very close to The Cut and Waterloo. This is by far my favoured side of town,on top of the river, The Tate, walk east or west along the river and not at all touristy. Lovely little spots for breakfast on Union Street too. Hotel had really friendly,helpful unpretentious welcome,which is not always the case in a high end hotel.Rooms were spotless with excellent facilities and free water. Good quality towels, gowns and bedding. Even though we were at the back by train line,it was quiet. Another miracle was the fact the room temperature was just right. Will come again, hope it is soon!",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Clean and Nice Hotel,"Had a trip with my friend. Excellent to walk to sightseeing locations. The staffs are nice and helpful. Room is quite, clean and modern. However, a bit (5 to 7 mins) far away from underground. As location at business area, surrounding is quite at night.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Still going strong, mostly","This was our second stay here in a year, six months apart. For 5 nights this time. The Apex Temple Court had been our favorite for some time but has recently become more expensive, as part of American Airlines Vacations, than the Bankside. We were drawn to the Bankside by the good reviews, location, price, it was relatively new, and it had a pool (which the Apex does not). For us, the pool proved not to be appealing as it is in a hot and humid basement (see the One Aldwych for a superior pool, sauna, and steam facility). We do however appreciate and enjoy the design aesthetic, efficient air conditioning, quiet, and size of the Bankside guest rooms. One niggle with our room this visit was a gap in the shower flooring that resulted in a dank, musty odor when first entering the…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent ,"Not the most obvious location but really handy for Blackfriars Station on the Thameslink so in easy reach from Kings Cross / St Pancras.  Good for the South Bank, reasonable stroll for Borough Market etc. Hotel is lovely. Very modern, very chic. A few five star hotels I've stayed in could learn from the design styling. Will repeat the stay without a second thought.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel in a fantastic location,We had really lovely 3 day stay here.  The Hotel is in a great location just behind the Tate Modern offering easy access to central London and walks along the banks of the Thames.  Choice and variety of breakfast items was superb.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great location, lovely hotel",Stayed for two nights. We were upgraded to an executive room on the sixth floor which was big by London standards. A stones throw from Tate modern. Lots of lovely eateries near by. The hotel was comfortable and quiet at night and the staff were very helpful. The hotel bar had a good range of gins and table service.. I would stay here again..,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant experience!,"We stayed in Bankside in order to explore a different part of London. It was great to find that the hotel was very close to Tate Modern, the river and had easy access to taxis. Unfortunately, the car parking facility seemed somewhat mysterious, we were charged £40 per day and the car was taken away after signing a waiver to state owner's risk etc. The executive lounge was a lovely amenity and good for relaxation. The interior is beautiful, specifically the bar and restaurant.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top notch hotel with great amenities,"Let me the 4 star rating out of the way. I deducted 1 star because of its location. Most of our travels were around the other side of the river so it wasn't as centrally located for what we did.  Now for the good part.  Contemporary hotel with excellent accommodations. Staff was friendly at check-in, daily and check-out.  The room was spacious.  We had a handicap accessible room so the bathroom was enormous because there were no doors inside the bathroom.  The sink, shower and toilet was just all there.  Very different but it wasn't a problem for a couple.  We loved the shower heads that can be switched from hand shower to rain shower.  The indoor heated pool was great after a long day of bing a tourist.  My only qualm about this facility was the spa entrance is inside the pool…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
1335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Have Already Booked My Next Stay!,"My objective in booking this hotel was to find an alternative to the sterile hotels in Canary Wharf, though by necessity, the alternative couldn't be too far into Central London - this is it!  This is a gem of a hotel - located on Great Suffolk St., it is only 5 minutes walk from Southwalk tube (so therefore only 4 stops from Canary Wharf), yet it also has an abundance of restaurants and bars all within 5-10 minutes - as well the Globe Theatre, Clink Prison and the Golden Hind, all very close too.  My room was very quiet and very comfortable; the gym was small but has all basic equipment and as an added plus, there is also an enclosed pool.  Finally, the staff were all very attentive and professional - very impressed with everyone and everything about this hotel.  Thank you.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Awesome new  5-star Hilton,"Clean, Modern and friendly. Staff couldn't be more helpful. The only complaint I could come up with is room 253 had badly mis-applied wallpaper and was very wrinkled and shoddy. Otherwise, a nice new hotel in a good location. ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Incredible design and service,"Two words – Executive Lounge. WOW. This Hilton is honestly the nicest property I have stayed at.  The service was impeccable from the first moment we arrived to when we checked out and got in a cab. The Front Desk Guest Service Manager [name] was very helpful during checkin and throughout our stay.  The location is not in the center of london, but it is very convenient and easy to get everywhere in the city.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"Stayed 8 nights on vacation, and were glad that we chose the Hilton Bankside.  Décor and atmosphere in the hotel was stylish and modern, but also warm and inviting.  Room was comfortable, with large bathroom and great shower.  Plenty of outlets(including one that didn't even need an adapter for US style plugs.).  Room was well lit (although confusing light switches - note the ""night light"" switch next to the bed doesn't control the actual bedside nightlight, but the nighttime lighting in the bathroom.  Importantly, our room was very quiet (7th floor, facing north toward the Tate Modern).  Heard no traffic noise whatsoever.   Put out your ""do not disturb, though, because the minibar refill man comes early in the morning.  Housekeeping did a great job.  Location is really good. …",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderfull experience,"I just don't have any negative remarks. This hotel is a great experience. Friendly staff, excellent breakfast - restaurant - bar and sleeping accomodation. I love this hotel! Stay at 'Hilton Bankside' for a real nice stay in London.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Rare Find in London,The accommodation was great. We were upgraded (HH diamond) and the lounge and breakfast are really delicious with ample well prepared and cook to order food. The service was terrific- wonderful staff and helpful concierge. This place is a total find! I would not hesitate in booking Hilton Bankside. We found the location to be very convenient.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous in every way ,"I have stayed at Hilton Hotels around the world and nothing compares to this one.  Such a lovely greeting by Jan at reception and John, thank you for the taxi this morning.  Once you enter the beige brick building, you will have a very pleasant surprise.  This hotel was fabulous in all areas: The club lounge food and drinks (definitely worth paying the extra), the great warm I sort pool, the breakfast, the linen, the shower and the lovely accommodating staff.  I highly recommend this hotel.  ",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,Great hotel with beautiful rooms. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Close to southwark tube station so very conveniently located. We got the solute which came with access to the executive lounge for breakfast and afternoon tea. Very nice breakfast and great to not have to go out to find a place to eat in the morning. Afternoon tea was perfect for our late afternoon arrival after an 11 hour flight. Staff were very accommodating. ,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Faultless! Luxurious contemporary hotel for the discerning,"Loved our experience at this wonderful hotel.  The décor was very warm and appealing, contemporary and stylish. Bedrooms, have true King size beds that are super comfortable, and we loved the finishing touches such as full mirrors in wardrobes (that light up when you open them), plenty of plugs. bathroom with huge shower and choice of two shower heads. (For us this was like home from home!).  Staff very friendly and helpful and both the bar and the restaurant have good food and a huge selection of beers and spirits.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great value,"Decided to try this hotel following a conference.  We'd stayed at Waldorf Hilton several times so thought we'd give this a go.  Nice, modern, new hotel.  It is less expensive than Waldorf and the Executive lounge access is definitely worth the extra.  Breakfasts very good, afternoon tea, adequate.  Evening canapés okay, free alcohol excellent.    Pleasantly surprised to find non-alcoholic beverages and snacks in mini-bar all 'free'!  That potentially saves a lot of money!  Swimming pool looked nice but didn't go in.  Good location for Tate modern, St Paul's, Borough market, Shard, etc.  But too far to walk to main shopping areas, e.g. Regent's street.  Southwark Tube 0.3 miles away.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One word....,Fantastic! We traveled to London for the weekend with my girlfriend and it was her 30th birthday. Alex Frank the manager at Hilton Bank side made this birthday even better thanks to him. The rooms at this hotel is so nicely designed and everything is so fresh and clean. Good service and smiling staff working at this hotel. The breakfast was delicious and the hotel has it own pool that is open until 22:00 pm every day. This hotel at Bank Side is very close to everything. It is only two station away from Green Park. If you want value for you money then this is the hotel to stay in London. Me and my girlfriend would definitely come back. ,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,New Gem close to Tate Modern,The hotel opened a year ago and not only is the accommodation excellent the staff would get a rating of 11 exceeding a max available of 10 - they were that good! We stayed there for 14 nights - the only criticism was the lack of drawer space for clothes. ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding!,Simply first class in every way. Repeat guests here & made to feel so welcome by all the staff. Big thank you to Anna who made this stay extra special. The one bed suites are absolutely stunning with a great view of the Shard & free (non alcoholic) minibar. Everything finished to the highest standard. Beautiful executive lounge & a great breakfast spread. Lovely cocktails served up in the Distillery bar - all served with a smile (with Adrian serving up some specials that were not on the menu - a lovely touch). Superb location 5 mins from Southwark station. Absolutely faultless stay - a real birthday treat (with a beautiful complimentary chocolate cake sent to the room as well). Being a Diamond Honors member having stayed in many different Hiltons this is up there as one of the…,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
1348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best hilton ever,Best hilton ever stayed! Very clean and location is great too.  The decoration is super cool and we really love the stay.  Everywhere is super clean and we will definitely stay here again next time in london. ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing Executive Lounge,Gianluca was spectacular in his customer service.  We really enjoyed the executive lounge during our recent convention attendance at Hilton Bankside. Thank you to the crew that looked after us.  The entire property is very well run and well maintained.  If we travel to London again we will be back! ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,True 5 Star Service! Extremely Service Oriented and Friendly!,"Recently spent a week in London, England and stayed at the Hilton London Bankside Hotel. I've never stayed at a better hotel! The rooms were cleaned thoroughly everyday, the hotel itself is brand new and the aesthetics are modern and comforting.  By far THE BEST STAFF at any hotel I've ever been at, bar none. The management picks qualified and genuinely caring & outgoing people that provide exceptional service to clients. Specifically, the shift manager, Céline La Fontaine Libihoul- so extremely helpful in helping us solidify our tourism plans, referred us to the best restaurants London has to offer of all different cuisines and greeted us every chance we walked through the lobby. She never hesitated to help us with any questions or needs we had!  The location of the Hilton…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent staff in hotel and OXBO restaurant,"This is a great place to stay in London Reasonable price.  Great Location and in walking distance of a lot of good areas.  Fantastic staff- so friendly, attentive and helpful.  Good rooms.  Fabulous OXBO restaurant. Thotoughly recommend this place",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great business hotel,"Stayed for 2 night during a business function which was hosted in the hotel. The room was spacious, well decorated and with a great layout for business use (Desk, electricity etc). Staff was professional and gracious, breakfast was good and all in all i had a very pleasant stay. The area is not my favorite in London but would definitely stay there again",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing Staff and Stay ! and paris hilton is so goood  looking xx,"as for a birthday surprise me and my husband decided to come here as paris hilton was one of my fav celebs and i knew her father , owned hilton hotels , goo paris ! best celeb ev , and so is her father , go daddy and daughterr !!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,"We stayed for two nights , the hotel is very nice and clean , staffs were very helpful and polite. The room is very clean with cozy decorations. The location is not close to a lot of shop but close to bridge and train station.  ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London,"Definitely the best Hilton in London. Good location, large rooms, proper large showers, well decorated, clean, good gym, pool looks good (not tried).  Best food in Executive lounge and lounge has character.  But most of all friendliest most helpful staff",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perflect blend of comfort and efficiency,Great experience staying at the Hilton London Bankside for business last week. All of the staff were helpful regardless of department and all worked together seamlessly to deliver what was a pleasant and comfortable stay.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good value for money!,"Immaculate, fantastic staff, brilliant breakfast and - for London - really good value for money. A frequent choice when we're in the city. Plus it's very conveniently located.  Couldn't believe it was a Hilton. Definitely doesn't have the chain-like feel.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing visit! ,"My boyfriend took me to the Hilton for my 18th birthday! The hotel is located so close to everything and only a 5 min walk to the tube station. The room was outstanding and supplied everything you need, staff are very friendly and helpful, overall a very good hotel.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, terrible view",The staff were all extremely friendly and welcoming. The room was very comfortable and all the amenities were great.   It was disappointing though to open my curtains and be looking straight onto an air conditioning unit. It was also disappointing to find that my mini bar was not stocked. I queried this and was told that rooms of my category only have water in the mini bar. I booked through booking.com so I wonder if Hilton treats these bookings as second class guests?   Otherwise a great stay - the hotel is in a great location and I really enjoyed my stay. ,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel!!!,"This is a high end hotel, we stayed in a Business Suite which was what we needed for a few business meetings we held there, however the price was just extremely high. The service and facilities were top notch, great customer service and perfect location to move around London. The concierge was extremely helpful and attentive, all staff was also very good. The business lounge was incredibly pleasant, I wish I had had more time to spend there. Hopefully I will return but I would try to get a better rate.  The view from the room was none.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","Stayed for the weekend, arrived and checked in quickly. Room a good size, clean and nice toiletries. Bed really comfortable. Location is fantastic, under 5 min walk to Southwark tube. Lots of places to eat and close to borough market. Breakfast was excellent and standard was as it should be for Hilton brand. Room service food was a little disappointing considering the price but the speed it was delivered was good. Overall a lovely base for our weekend in London.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A little gem! ,"Just returning home from a fabulous 24 hour stay at this hotel. Cannot fault it in any way. From the moment we walked through the door, to the moment we left, the service was impeccable. The hotel is very welcoming, ambient and incredibly clean. We had an executive twin (room 315) and it was one of the larger ones, with a corner sofa in. Great shower, comfy beds and air con. The executive lounge has an excellent choice of food and snacks throughout the day and the alcohol selection in the evening is great. We also had a 3 course dinner included in our room rate and the food was beautifully cooked. The breakfast in the main restaurant was truly excellent - by far the best buffet breakfast I have had in a Hilton - please don't change anything here! All in all, a wonderful stay and…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, I will be back!","I am on the road 60-100 nights each year and generally stay at Hilton properties.  This trip to London, though, had me in a quandary as my last few tips to London I had been disappointed in the quality of the places I'd stayed.  Based on some comments from colleagues in the local office, this wasn't unusual.  No more.  This property was outstanding.  Already looking forward to coming back a time or three, both for business and hopefully in the fall for pleasure.  It's a nice area, with easy access to the Southwark tube (5 minute walk, although I wouldn't want to drag a big suitcase over these pavements), a couple of minute's walk to Tate Modern, and 25 minutes walk over the Millennium Bridge to the far side of St.Paul's.  I had a nice walk along the Thames down to Tower Bridge,…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Premium service near Southwark offices,"I chose the hotel for it was nearby my office. I've never been in this part of London, but it turned out it was also near attractive leisure zones full of pubs and restaurants. London centre is at distance walk (20 - 30 min).  About the hotel, room service meals are a little bit expensive for the value, but the qualities of the room are fantastic.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Appalling Customer Service,"I booked my visit through booking .com back in January and was shocked when my account got overcharged by £16.  I soon called booking.com and it wasn't their fault as they had to call the Hilton.  They did and I got an email through saying that I would receive a refund within 7-10 business days.  This was the 22nd January.  I've attached the email below.  This never happened.  It is now 2nd Feb.  I call booking.com again to see what has happened.  Once again,  they call up the Hilton to see what has gone on.  I then receive an email on the 9th stating the payment has gone through.  Over 3 weeks after initially being overcharged I'm back to where I would have been if I'd booked with any other company.  Except I've lost a lot of time and been stressed sorting The Hilton's problems…",Date of stay: March 2017,1.0
1366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Some good, some bad - not great value.","Booked 'Executive King Room with Lounge Access'... checked in, requested room on upper floor, they put us in a corner room at the back which was a SHOEBOX with a view over a railway line and a broken down derelict building. For an 'Executive King Room' this was an absolute joke. Requested to change, were told that they didn't know when we could be changed as it was busy, when my partner asked for a rough estimate, the manager at front desk (J) was pretty snotty with their reply. Afterwards though, we dealt with Anise who was absolutely lovely which was nice. Finally given different room which was on the side facing the shard building which was a little bigger. We paid for three nights with breakfast. The first two mornings we were given breakfast in the large dining area with an…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
1367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Back at the bankside Hilton to attend C2C2017,Stayed here last year and had a pretty good stay with a few niggles! This time it was PERFECT from checking in to checkout it was such a pleasure to stay here. The room at least to me seemed to have additional lighting to when I stayed last time (one of my issues as I'm partial sighted) also the lobby brightness also seemed to have been raised too and this was welcome too as it was easier to navigate!   This occasion I had executive lounge access and had breakfast there one morning of my 3 day stay and it was lovely and cosy and Not to busy.. coffee from the bean to cup machine was excellent I have to say!  Breakfast in the main restaurant was also 5 star (best breakfast at a London Hilton I've had)   The dinner in the evening was lovely had a two course meal (squid as starter)…,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top London hotel in a location you need to look at.,"We booked this hotel on a friends recommendation. First off it looks great, what's called a design hotel.....I think. The outside is cant be missed with a massive Bankside out on the street. The welcome when we arrived was warm and the staff attentive. We had our key and were off to the room in about 5 minutes. The room was a decent size for a deluxe and nicely designed with some good features. In particular the HUGE walk in shower. The only downside (for a deluxe room) was the view, in detail it was the biggest wall I've ever seen. From what I could see most of the rooms on that side of the hotel look on onto this wall. If a view is important you'll have to make sure you're not in one of these. For me it wasn't a big deal as the room was so nice anyway.  We drank in the bar.…",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location - thats about it,"so the formula is simple - by a disused building on the cheap in a good location, build out the hotel with cost as a priority, but have a few extra flavours of trend and charge £300 a night. Yes location is excellent, but the hotel is like a it came of a production line and putting in a wall of old copper coins in the bar, or some mock graffiti art outside doesn't make it cool.   The service was poor. My wife arrived earlier than me and despite her having a shared credit card with me, a copy of the booking confirmation and it being her birthday she had to haggle to be allowed in the room. Not a good policy at the hotel to have. Indeed the common sense theme echo'd in the bar, where someone has decided to blast out Top 20 hits from 5 years ago.. ruins the ambience completely. …",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel/great location/great staff,"Stayed at the Hilton Bankside on a short trip to London. From the moment you get through the revolving door you are welcome by a lovely scent, a great open space and very helpful staff. The room I stayed in was very spacious with a VERY comfy bed, large bathroom with very good quality toiletries and very clean throughout. I felt a bit cold in the room as the aircon was on, though, this is a problem I always have wherever I go. I am just not capable of controlling the room temperature :-). I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely staff ,"Stayed here for 2 nights, staff were more than happy to help you with anything, happy and smiley :) can't do enough. Hotel has a pool, spa and gym. Bar has a happy hour 4-6 buy one cocktail get one for 1p! Loved staying here would return :) ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Fantastic location, so close to all the South Bank has to offer beautiful modern feel and decor, staff really friendly, superb value for money...Much higher standards and quality than many West End hotels in the same price range...Well worth considering",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel/Excellent Price,Stayed here for one night in Jan 2017 to see Phantom of the Opera. Staff and concierge could not be more helpful. Room amenities excellent. The hotel is situated close to all local transport. Very quiet room and had the best sleep in ages thanks to the large king size bed.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Unknown gem,"Stayed for 1 night whilst in London for various events, chose this hotel as it was on south bank not far from Borough Market which was one of our destinations. It was only a week prior to Christmas and the hotel was decorated with 2 lovely trees in the lobby - unusual ones too.  I was at the time using a walking stick and the receoptionist spotted this and asked the 2 young people ahead would they mind if she helped me first to save me standing in the queue too long - very helpful.  We were soon in our room which had large single beds a large TV one armchair and tea/coffee available.  We did not eat in the hotel as we were meeting friends but the restaurant area did look good as did the menu. There are plenty of bus links and tube stations close by so easy to get in to centre of…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A little gem on the south bank,"A second visit every bit as good as the first we arrived before our allotted check in time hoping to be bale to watch the rugby before heading down to the O2.  Although I used the in app checkin we were moved to another room that was ready to go, so we would catch the game.  A very comfortable room, we love the bathroom and the industrial look, the shower is super, we are very picky about showers as these are often an after thought.  A super location as the river taxis are just out front of the Tate modern and we drifted down the river to the Rod Stewart concert.  a perfect location this one is easily missed but is s much better than some of the other sites closer to the O2 venue.  A great selection of all things breakfast, we will be back sometime this summer",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous!,"Every detail is neat and researched. A good product, a very good one, reasonably priced. The staff is very friendly and the features are really enjoyable, especially the leisure area. The area is also perfect to explore the city. Lovely time once again at Hilton!",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel for your London visit,Modern hotel with tasteful design. Very well trained and mannered staff - they will try everything to please their customers and make them happy.  If you decide for the hotel definitely decide for the rooms or suits with lounge access. You will definitely enjoy the interior design of  it but also the food and drinks that are served by very professional wait staff that is usually hard to find in London. The Hilton Bankside sets very high measurements in hospitality.  I stayed at a Junior Suit for 2 nights and it is definitely worth the money. The king size bed had a nice firm mattress and expensive linen to provide a relaxing sleep. Black out curtains blocked the light so I was able to sleep at night. The door and walls were noise prove. The bathroom was nice and big. The only…,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay!,We were attending an alumni day locally and this location seemed ideal.It had good reviews online but I cannot say enough  things about the quality of the hotel and service especially the concierge John who took it upon himself to look after our lost luggage[by the airline].His caring and professionalism will never be forgotten.The food and service in the executive lounge was excellent.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in England,"I stay in many Hilton hotels throughout the country during my travels and must say this is the best one I have stayed in and could not fault anything. It is located near the Thames and close to many of the popular attractions south of the river, and also a short hop to the West End.  It was so pleasant to have such great service from All the staff were who were attentive to our needs. This was only a short stay but will be back soon. Yes it is a new hotel but well designed and gives the impression of plenty of room which made relaxing easy.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A hotel that sings quality,This is a quality hotel - great efficient friendly welcoming staff. Super attention to detail. Spacious double bedroom. Quiet. Clean. Great shower.  Feels like luxury. I ordered lamb curry from room service (about £25) and a bottle of Gavi di Gavi (£30). They bring it in on a table like days of yore. And the breakfasts are great. Love the open arrangement with the kitchen. (I had a great mushroom omelette). Movies on TV (about £13 each).  Only downside is the internet connection. The standard service is poor. The premium service I think is around £10 a night. It's worth it but a hotel of this standard should just provide this service for nothing. It's an expectation nowadays.  Very handy for Shakespeare's Globe and all the other Southbank attractions. And a special shout out for…,Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful and relaxing hotel,"Beautiful hotel in the South bank area. The athmosphere at the hotel var very relaxing and the staff was very friendly and polite. I was surprised With how quiet the hotel was, I didn't hear any trafikk or noise from the street. The South bank area is very clean and contains  quite a few nice restaurants and cafes. The hotel is very close to the riverside (South of the Themes) which  has a promenade which is very nice for a stroll. There is also a great Food market nearby.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,What a great find in central London!,"The best bit is the staff, universally friendly, polite and helpful. All of them. Everywhere. Rooms are big, bright, relaxing and comfortable. Good bathroom amenities. Food delicious. Public rooms delightful. Really great location. What's not to like? Oh, and good value too.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,New Hilton,"A new Hilton on the south bank, adjacent to the Tate Modern, a well designed hotel super facilities.  Enjoyed our weekend trip perfectly placed to take a river taxi down to the O2.  It was very enjoyable floating along the Thames early evening.  Hotel is efficient, clean, tidy, another great Hilton experience ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Overall excellent hotel. For a London hotel, it is very spacious. The staff at the reception are nice though they could smile a little. The restaurant is nice and breakfast has a good spread. Rooms are nice - though the views out of the window are into the neighbors apartment. The downside is that it is not in the central business district of London. But it is close to the southwark tube station and very convenient. The conference facilities were nice as well. Overall I liked the place.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wow!,"What a find. We thought we would try this hotel instead of our usual Hilton Tower Bridge and we couldn't be more pleased.  Never stayed in a chain hotel with such friendly and helpful staff.  Great food, great drink and great service.  We have already changed future bookings to this hotel.  Looking forward to our next visit. ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Just perfect!!,"We stayed in the hotel for just two nights.. we could not fault anything about this hotel!  It's modern spotlessly clean, with great attention to detail in everyway.   As well as all the essential items you get in a normal hotel, they also provide you with lovely big dressing gowns, slippers, free WiFi and we even had an umbrella which was a nice touch!   The swimming pool and gym were both well equipped. However i did find the jacuzzi quite cold as it's attached to the pool. But I not sure that would bother most people!   The Staff are all so friendly and eager to please they are great ambassadors for the  Hilton brand!   The breakfast's what can I say.. just AMAZING.. the variety of the food and the quality and the fact it was beautifully presented was just perfect!   We also…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very pleasantly surprised,This Hilton is excellent. My wife travels for a living and has stayed at Hiltons worldwide. She was particularly impressed with the bed and the sumptuous breakfast choices. We couldn't fault the staff either. All were extremely friendly and polite. Great hotel! ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended ,"Big, white fluffy towels, exceptional service and beds you could get lost in ...I LOVE this hotel. And I love the hidden little white origami foxes. If you're a fan of a Negroni, you must try a British Bouquet in the Distillery bar. (Go for Happy Hour between 4-6pm and you get GREAT value for money.) Don't miss the pool - we were lucky enough to have it all to ourselves on a Sunday evening. Pure indulgence! And if you can bear to leave, the location in London is excellent. ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another wonderful stay!,"I was eager to return to the Hilton London Bankside after a lovely stay over the Christmas holidays the year before; as soon as my family decided to spend New Year's in London to see the fireworks I booked rooms for the hotel.  Understandably the hotel was at high occupancy and as Hilton Diamond members we were upgraded from standard to deluxe rooms.  The rooms were modern, spacious, and nicely decorated.  The executive lounge was as terrific as I remembered - although the offerings were somewhat limited the staff in the lounge were very nice and friendly.  What most impressed me was the breakfast the hotel was kind enough to pack our final morning.  We had a 7 am train to catch and I had requested breakfast to go expecting some small boxed meals.  On check out we were handed a…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous location, very cool hotel with lovely staff","We're Londoners who work locally to the Hilton and use the bar and restaurant regularly.  Chose it for an overnight stay for my husband's special birthday and it didn't disappoint.  We had a third floor executive king - spacious room, huge comfortable bed, lovely bathroom and complimentary soft drinks and snacks from the minibar. But best of all is the lounge access that comes with the room - a lovely space to meet, chill, have a few drinks and snacks - all complimentary.  They even have a free breakfast - not quite the choice of the main restaurant, but really very good. A perfect choice for a stay in London - I'd recommend it to Londoners, tourists and Business trippers alike. Staff all very courteous and charming.  Only niggle is they didn't pick up on my 'special birthday'…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Totally amazing hotel - highly recommend this Hilton ,"All the reviews don't show how amazing this hotel is and the level of detail that the staff go to making your stay personal and perfect - highly recommend this location with the river, mainlibe rail and underground on the door step.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Diamond and Business Travellers Beware,"My girlfriend surprised me with a overnight getaway and booked our room through a GDS travel site.  On the reservation she added my name and Hilton HHonors number.  I have been a Dimond member for years and travel around the globe monthly.  At check-in the floor manager refused to honour my HHonors status.  I politely explained to her that she was the first Hilton employee to not recognise the HHonors status and that we had recently, within the last 45 days, stayed at a London Hilton and had no issues.  Her answer was Hilton Corporate changed the policy for third party bookings about a year and a half ago and as a Hilton Hotel they enforce the corporate policy.  I pulled the Hilton Terms and showed it to her, which does discuss third party bookings, but clearly states GDS…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
1393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely until....,"Beautiful interior, friendly staff, lovely pool, BUT.... Room service quality very poor: cold food, quality of products poor, forgotten condiments e.g. Toast no jam. Required multiple phone calls to room service to sort and still overall substandard. When discussed on check out for a discount to be added to this part of the bill I was made to feel as if in court under prosecution and all efforts to disprove my feedback were made. This was very upsetting and left feeling awful. Bad enough for my partner and I to definitely not be going back.",Date of stay: February 2017,2.0
1394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Everything a good hotel should be! ,"Superb place, not sure if it's 4 or 5 star it also has a pool, it's relatively new with typical contemporary style. Probably less than a year old but it's been maintained very well. Excellent courteous staff, everything you should expect from a Hilton. Stayed on the executive floor booked though hotels.com - Don't expect a view from the room but do expect a great night sleep, excellent amenities and exceptional service. Would recommend to anyone to stay here especially if you want to be south of the river. Probably one of the newest Hilton's in London. ",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Super hotel, wish my company had it on their list but for some reason Capita don't have it on there. So nice to stay in a modern comfortable place with very nice staff. Only downside is the tube isn't close by so travel is a bit of a challenge  Hopefully will return soon.",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A short stay in London,Our experience at this hotel was excellent.  In particular the staff were outstanding.  The moment we arrived at the hotel we had a warm welcome and made to feel like a valued customer.  This continued throughout our stay and I cannot thank them all enough for a fantastic trip.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
1397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton bankside,Could not fault this hotel in any way. Modern and stylish. From the moment we arrived until the moment we left. We are already planning another weekend in London and will definitely stay at this hotel again.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay at the Hilton,"We stayed here for two nights in total for a weekend trip. All of the staff we encountered were exceptionally friendly and helpful - customer service at it's finest! The room we stayed in was on the 4th floor, very clean and the shower was amazing. The bed was spacious and extremely comfortable, we had a large television directly infront of the bed which made it cosy on a nighttime. We had a complimentary minibar which was a nice addition to our stay and the bottled water was also complimentary. Our room was also equipped with a kettle, coffee and tea which made mornings perfect as I love coffee when I wake up. The location is perfect as it is within walking distance of the popular tourist attractions such as the London Eye and Big Ben and is also within walking distance of…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Penthouse !,"The hotel itself is very modern and not really our style.  The staff were excellent and for the location in London this hotel offered fantastic value. I would recommend it for anyone looking to do London with a bit of luxury on a budget.  After our first night we upgraded to the penthouse which was actually pure luxury and it did not cost that much either! it is the perfect space for entertaining in London, you could easily host pre dinner drinks or have small gathering there, the terrace is huge which in the summer would be amazing! x  Trust me if you can upgrade!",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
1400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Quality hotel just behind Tate Modern,"You don't stay here for a view of London but extremely comfortable and well designed rooms, great amenities with very friendly and helpful staff. Excellent breakfast in the restaurant. I haven't tried lunch or dinner. I wouldn't use room service though. Well located with lots of good and varied local restaurants.  I like this place.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Stay!,"This Hilton is a Wonderful! The property and rooms are modern and fresh. The neighborhood is quiet and offers quick access to Central London in minutes by car/Underground. The Executive Lounge, restaurant/bar, gym and pool also make for a great hotel! You will not be disappointed.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay,We chose the Hilton Bankside for its location and were not disappointed.  It was my husband's birthday and even though we live in London it was a real treat to stay and town.  We enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend the hotel.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the top Hilton options in London,Excellent service. Beautiful rooms. Very high level build quality for London. Location close to the City and public transport options. Staff particularly at front desk and breakfast very friendly. One of the best breakfast options I have seen for many years in the City. Has a boutique feel to it and high quality bordering on luxury. Really a great choice.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One night stay. Great but not quite perfect,"Excellent, and I really do mean excellent reception staff. Room was impressive as was bathroom. Only practical drawback was that it was quite dark and getting ready with hair and make up was a challenge with light levels. Breakfast was great but only niggle was that we were not served a hot drink",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good but not perfect,"We travelled with 2 young children during the Feb half term. The hotel common areas were spotless and smelt beautiful. Check in was easy. Unfortunately our rooms were not ready even though we arrived at 3pm, the check in time stated. We booked connecting rooms and we allocated two rooms connected by a common hallway. The children's room was nice but ours was a bit small dark. Strangely there were no ceiling lights at all in both rooms and the windows looked out to small roof areas. I particularly liked the kids dressing gowns and slippers provided. Very cute and extremely useful for their swims in the pool. Which btw did not have a hot tub but a connected sitting area with bubble jets. The swimming pool did have very clean facilities and a 2 lovely rain showers. Breakfast was…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely,Lovely hotel in a great position for sightseeing. Great staff who are very helpful in all your needs. Standard rooms are not overlarge but very comfortable with lovely big beds. Breakfast is very good. Reasonably priced for what you get.,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,South Bank style!,"What a great hotel!  Right in the heart of the vibrant South Bank this hotel is within 500m of The Tate Modern, The Globe and The Millennium Bridge.  We stayed here for a weekend break and the whole experience was just so enjoyable.  If you enjoy the hustle and bustle of city life then this hotel is a must.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A perfect stay at the Hilton Bankside,"The hotel is very well located.  We had a perfect experience staying there.  Everything was to our satisfaction.  The room was very comfortable and super quiet !  The staff, welcoming, helpful and courteous.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Hotel,"We stay at Hilton Bankside regularly and just completed our best stay yet. Everything was perfect and we could not fault one thing. Staff are friendly and helpful. We arrived at midday and our room was ready. Room was quiet and well furnished. Breakfast is high quality with large choice of cereals and a superb granola, back bacon and quality sausages, freshly squeezed juices and tasty pastries. Executive lounge is well run with nice spread at afternoon tea and good choice of nibbles in the evening all with great service. We was extended a late check out and had a really nice stay. We are returning to Hilton Bankside again in a few weeks and cannot wait.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely Stay ,Stayed here using Tesco vouchers  Staff amazingly helpful and polite especially concierge and valet. Valet good value at £40 all in Breakfast was lovely  Very central to everything  We will definitely be back! ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay on a work event,"Stopped here overnight for a works event, the room was fab and had everything we needed.  All the staff where really helpful during our stay, Also the location was just a short walk from the main bus route, so after arriving by train, it we hopped on to the bus and a short walk, and we was there, and we popped on a bus to take us to covent garden.  We really enjoyed our stay and hope to return soon if we can.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Almost a five!,"Lovely hotel on a quiet street with quick, excellent access.  The room was much larger and roomier than most London hotel rooms and very clean.  Loved the large bathroom with the roomy shower and strong water pressure, had an excellent few night's sleep snuggled in the duvets and used the desk for business.   The staff was absolutely excellent, welcoming, helpful and professional.  The only thing that was a bit crazy, and it happened twice, was challenges with the housekeeping team.  The first was a 9:45 pm/2145 turndown service....already sound asleep when received loud knocking on the door and a key inserted and banging against the security feature.  I have never had turndown service offered so late in my life and frankly, not only did it startle me but it also made it…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice new hotel south of river,"A good Hilton hotel, it's new so feels fresh and has a great swimming pool. Rooms very nice and comfortable. Breakfast was pleasant with plenty of choice.   Access to exec lounge is restricted to diamond members. ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Oasis on Bankside,"Calm comfort in London, well placed to enjoy the amenities of the South Bank plus easy access to Westminster tourist sites. The hotel restaurant is well worth a booking, good selection of high quality courses. ",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,5 star experience in 5 star hotel,"From check in to check out I have but one thing to say... WAW!  Evi at check in was absolutely amazing! friendly, professional and international! We quickly realised we were both greek and continued the conversation in our own language! Evi welcomed me with a big smile, and made me feel comfortable right away. Making me valued by mentioning to me she personally took care of my complimentary HH upgrade was the cherry on the top!  The Executive Lounge is a unique experience. George seemed quite busy but found time to interact.the complimentary drinks were flowing and constantly topped up.  The room was amazing! vast, well lit with a great design... not to mention the bed! Most comfortable night I have had in ages!  Breakfast experience was unique! a vast selection of items in a…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel,"I travel to London very frequently for work and discovered the Bankside hotel this year, I find myself returning as often as I can. The hotel is superb, the location is great, very close to Southwark Tube station and a 15 minute walk to London Bridge station. The lobby is beautifully decorated, as is the rest of the hotel. I've stayed in several different room types all of which had very comfortable beds, clean spacious bathrooms, robes/slippers and everything else you would expect from a hotel of this standard. The room service is also good. I have had breakfast in both the restaurant and the executive lounge and both have excellent selections, the restaurant does have a wider selection of hot food which is really the only comparison. I have also used the bar several times…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel!!!,"This hotel was absolutely AMAZING! It definitely did not feel like your typical Hilton at all. The design was sleek, cool and modern. The staff were super friendly and went out of their way to make sure our stay was perfect. The King Executive Room was heavenly, and we absolutely loved the Bose speakers in the ultra modern bathroom. The Executive Lounge was superb. From breakfast, to afternoon tea, to evening drinks reception and canapés, everything was perfect! I will highly suggest this hotel to any of my friends and colleagues who are looking for an awesome hotel in London in a very cool and convenient location. This will definitely be our go to spot from now on for our yearly London trip.   I would also like to acknowledge two members of staff who went above and beyond.…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Favourite Hotel,We love the location close to all the attractions of the South Bank. The friendly staff are always welcoming and helpful. It is well worth treating yourself to the comfortable executive lounge with its cosy fires and easy chairs after a day's sightseeing.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stay at the hilton,Service and quality very good however the size of the room was far smaller than that advertised.  Food in restaurant is nothing special. No doubt that it is a very nice hotel in a central position with easy access to the main sites.,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,This hotel came on recomendation from our son who stays here often. we were not disappointed.  From the minute we arrived the service was excellent. Even though we arrived hours before our check in time we were able to leave our bags and head off into town. we were told we woud be contacted as soon as our room was ready and it was only as we were walking to the Shard that we had a call to say it was ready.  The fascilities are excellent and we were able to make use of the swimming pool before going our for dinner.  We did not have dinner in the hotel but the breakfast next morning was excellent. The best buffet style breakfast we have experienced in the UK.  The Distillery Bar was pleasant and the service great. Prices in the bar were much as expected for a London Hotel.  We…,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great find! Lovely hotel in good location,"Stayed here on business, in the King Guest Room. Arrived in the evening to a stylish looking hotel 5 mins walk from Southwark station. Easy, quick check in and polite, friendly staff - small lobby but very nice bar and restaurant.  The room was absolutely spotless, felt brand new and stylish - and even though our view was of literally just a wall, the room was still bright and somehow this didn't bother us. Good wifi and plenty of space for luggage, desk area for working etc. Great bathroom! Housekeeping was reliable although slightly inconsistent (tea/coffee wasn't fully replenished, no complimentary water until the last night) but nothing major. It wasn't worth mentioning but if we had, I'm sure they would have sorted it out quickly.   Air conditioning was a little weird, the…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Flipping FANTASTIC!!,"Sorry this review is so long but I want to make sure I do this hotel justice!  Every single thing about this hotel is fantastic! As Hilton Honors members we were sent an email the day before our arrival offering us the chance to select our own room. When I looked at the available rooms I couldn't decide, so called the hotel to ask which would best suit our desires. I spoke to Ana who was so helpful and friendly. When we arrived the following day we happened to go to Ana's check in desk and when we said our name she actually remembered our conversation! She even offered an alternative to the room we had selected which was identical except one floor higher so with a better view, and was already available so we were able to go to the room 2 and a half hours before official check in…",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good,Brand new hotel. Super location .Really nice rooms and a particularly nice executive lounge. Had breakfast in the lounge and there was a good selection. Pleasant staff there offering eggs to order . Staff throughout hotel are very pleasant. Nice bar area . Only complaint was that the bar only offered craft beers which I don't like . I feel I should be able to get well known brands at a Hilton . ,Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great experience,Great staff. Very beautiful and clean room. Amazing breakfast. It eas such a great nice for a young couple to stay. Definitely recommend this place to everyone. Will be back!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you hilton :),Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Business Stay,"I have stayed here approx 4/5 times now for business. Staff are always excellent and make our stay very enjoyable. Conference rooms, bar and breakfast were all great. Not a bad word to say about this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Terrific Hotel and Location,"This is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in across all major brands.  It is relatively new so everything is clean, crisp, and fresh.  The staff are all very friendly and helpful.  The rooms are large, well decorated,and the bathroom/shower is also very large. It is decorated with a modern flair, both in the room and throughout the hotel.  There is an excellent restaurant and separate bar on the lower level which not only caters to the hotel guests but also other locals/visitors.  The hotel is perfectly located nearby many good restaurants, office buildings, and local attractions. The rooms are very quiet; you can't hear anything from the other rooms, and there is very solid glass on the windows which prevents any noise from the outside from getting in.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb,Amazing location and for the quality of the hotel allied to the price you pay this is a real hidden gem. Room was completely silent and looked like it was decorated yesterday - it was that clean. Will definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good hotel close to centre,"Good hotel (few minutes walk to southbank underground) the outside of the hotel looks old but the inisde is perfect. Nice staff, good bar, spacious rooms and close to serval pubs and restaurants. Try union street bistro! ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Better option, area wise. They take customer service seriously.","This hotel is much easier access to everything and all places than if you are on the other side of Millennium Bridge. Nothing to see there but roadworks and traffic. The hotel is pretty new. One of the best Hiltons I have stayed at.  Staff were very courteous and welcoming.  The bathroom was spacious and the amenities are complete, has an umbrella in the room for guest's use. Breakfast spread was ok but after about 5 days of eating the same breakfast, it could also get a little tiring :-( Overall, I had a pleasant experience with this hotel.  I will definitely stay at this hotel for my future trips to London whether for business or for leisure.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location,This exceptionally stylish hotel is ideally located and is a mere 6 minute walk from the nearest tube station. A stones throw from the Shard.  We had a standard room which was beautifully decorated and extremely well equipped. I would highly recommend.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Was a last minute booking, due to change of plans. We had a lovely spacious room with ensuite. Shower was one of those waterfall showers!  The breakfast was undeniably good. Best pastries. Lots of choice, and covered a range of hot, cold and different dietary requirements. The food in the bar was very good, though large portions. The location is ok, more towards the city end of things, but still feasible to go everywhere. All in all a great stay.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Anniversary ,"I have to say that this was a beautiful hotel and an amazing stay and backside Hilton! From the minute we got through the door we were welcomed and looked after!!! The room we stayed in was amazing and comfortable! Myself and partner work long hours and wanted a quiet stay and we got exactly that! The breakfast in the morning was tasty and had a full range from hot food to continental! We were close to the underground which was also a Benefit as we had a show in the centre to watch! I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone and can't wait for the next experience back at bankside, thanks to all the staff there for looking after me and my partner you made our stay perfect xx",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Endless food and prosecco,"I was very tempted by the thought of endless starters, desserts and prosecco. This restaurant did not disappoint. The staff were wonderful and friendly and continuously topping up my drink. The main roast dinner was perfect, amazing roast potatoes! The only thing I would recommend is not going towards the end of the afternoon as the food starts to disappear and the live music ends around 4pm. I will definitely be returning though without a DOUBT.",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hiltons around,This has to be one of the best Hiltons I have stayed. This goes from the customer service which we received upon arrival to the checking out.   The room quality was fantastic - no issues anywhere and complimentary items in the mini fridge. Absolutely Fantastic,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Everything you want .......,".....from a London hotel.  Firstly, I do not think this hotel does itself justice from website! This is a very modern, sleek and professional hotel.  All the little niggles we usually have about city hotels they had thought about and already added those extra special touches, like a bottle of water by your bed and corkscrews and wine glasses available.  My husband is a cocktail snob and yet raved about his gin cocktail that he had in the very nice bar.  For the money, I can't imagine booking anywhere else now in London for our frequent visits!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,Best welcome at a hotel ever Would definitely recommend this to anyone staying in London        Staff could not do enough for me and my wife  Got us taxis when we needed them and took our bags to our room  Great job ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful,I came up to see Rauschenberg at the tate modern with my daughter.  What a wonderful night! Well worth paying for the executive upgrade.  The staff were wonderful too.  Special mention to Phillipe at reception who made us feel so welcome. Thank you Hilton bankside - we will definitely be back!! ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,good location,"I was a little bit affraid bz location of this hotel but it s direct next to tate modern museum and very close to river. Also mertro station is in a walking distance. Nice bar, nice breakfast, good price",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Central London Business Hotel,"Stayed at this excellent central city hotel while attending a business function.  All elements of the stay were first class from check-in, quality and size of room, customer service, the function itself and breakfast.  The hotel is very modern through out.  It is located a few minutes walk from a tube station and serviced by many local bus routes.  Due to its location and standards everything is very expensive including food, drinks and breakfast which cost ~ 30 GBP per person.  If budget is not an issue then I would highly recommend this hotel for a stay in London while on business or on a short break.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A really perfect Hotel!,Everything was fine. Staff: Very helpful and polit. I would like to thank from Klaudia in OXBO restaurant (Dinner time) She was hardworking and a real great and excellent staff.  Gym and Pool: Very good. The gym was highly equipped but with a limited number of items Room: Very clean and great housekeeping.  Location: Good.  OOXBO restaurant: Both Breakfast and dinner was great. We booked a breakfast and dinner included stay through Hilton.com and it really deserves it!,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,work trip,"Stayed here for 5 nights early Feb 17. My work/company paid approx. £2300 for myself and a colleague for 2x rooms, bed breakfast and eve meal included. Rooms were adequate. Had to swap all duvert/pillow as it was all duck feather - I have allergies. Food and service was under par, nice choices for breakfast, some members of staff tried to accommodate, but we got fobbed off with a limited choice of restricted menu all week, Having moaned about the sparse options they allowed us to have something of the a la carte up to £25. It was better. French fries were over cooked, plates came cold so food went cold quick, its not rocket science and basic stuff guys. I expected better. Would have preferred a week in Premier inn with choice to eat anywhere! Plumbing is a bit ropey I thought I…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great southbank stay,"Very clean hotel, in a great location just behind the south bank with easy access to London Bridge, Waterloo and the restaurants and bars along the river.  Rooms were immaculate, facilities very good.  Not a cheap hotel, but if you want a classy place to stay for the night with a good pool and gym, this place should be looked at.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend in London,"Excelent place to stay for a weekend in London, nice location close to Tate gallery and easy to get into the city. Comfortable rooms which were very well decorated and very clean, staff were polite and helpful. Area around hotel was very modern with some good resturant to eat at reasonable cost",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,nice hotel,"Nice hotel indeed, boring side of river but location is not bad as well. Good staff at the reception, many czech girls. Room is spacious and modern, simply but fine equipped. Nice bar in the ground floor",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent meeting venue,"Nicely situated and easily walkable from Waterloo. Excellent service, particularly from Hannah who really looked after us. Very nicely appointed meeting rooms with good AV and climate control. The free, self-service, barista-style coffee is also excellent and was very welcome after having walked through the rain to get there.    We ordered lunch into the room and the wagyu burger that I had was excellent.   The only downside was no natural light but this really didn't matter as the rooms were so nicely appointed.   Very highly recommended. ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Quick stay,"Lovely clean modern rooms, fab hotel for London sights. Next time would choose an executive room if price was reasonable against other options. Will aim to try smart looking restaurant and bar if we revisit",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Stay,"The room was a King Size and was decorated to a very high standard. The bathroom was particularly impressive, being very spacious and modern. The room was quiet, despite being in such a central location. Staff were extremely welcoming and helpful. The location was excellent. I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best Hilton in London,"I have stayed at the Waldorf by Hilton, a few other HIlton, and Double Tree by Hilton properties in London and none come close to this property, a new modern hotel with a great executive lounge, adequate gym, pool, and the friendliest and most attentive staff.  The email support from the reservations office (not part of this hotel but done centraly) suck but that is my only fault.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1445-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel ,"Just a five minute walk from tube and around the corner from Tate modern.   The hotel is lovely , probably the comfiest bed I've ever slept on and free soft drinks in the mini bar :-)   The staff were very helpful and extremely polite.   We were given a free upgrade due to it being my friends Birthday.   The breakfast was busy however did not have to wait for a table , there was lots of choice for breakfast.   Only issue was quite far out from the tourist places we had organised and therefore had to make different stops at tube stations to change.   However once we got used to our bearings and where to change tunes this was not a problem.   Would have liked more time to explore the local area as looked like some nice restaurants and bars around the hotel!   ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Very Good, But Not Great","I've thought long and hard about this place before writing my review as I have somewhat mixed feelings about our stay here. This is the Hilton. With the name tag comes some expectations, all of which were met, professionally and clinically.  It is a cracking hotel. Lobby area is impressive and the deluxe room was nice, although the beautiful view of a solid brick wall, stopped well needed natural light coming in.   What really disappointed us, was the absolutely freezing bar on the ground floor and the lack of service here. The cocktail list is not extensive, nor is it value for money. A rip off, in my opinion. On ordering, I was told the cocktail I requested (for which I could see all the ingredients) was 'not a martini, madam'. I'm not sure if he was trying to belittle me, but…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Gorgeous hotel,"I stayed here with my husband for a weekend stay.  We had such an enjoyable stay here and we felt that the hotel and staff were superb.  All the staff were super friendly without feeling forced, the hotel was clean and had a modern feel to it.  Our room was spotless and large (we only had a standard room) and we had a good night's sleep both nights without being able to hear all the noise from next door or the corridor which is a massive bugbear for us and seems to happen at most hotels that we stay at.  Whilst there, we used the Distillery Bar a few times which had a lovely atmosphere to it and always seemed busy without being overcrowded.  We only managed breakfast the once but there was lots to choose from and if you're thinking of booking in for the Bottomless Brunch there…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My top hotel pick,"I travel quite a bit for work, and Hilton Bankside is my favorite so far.  Superb staff that is friendly, helpful, and eager to make your stay as lovely as possible.  Great restaurant, rooms, workout area - and close to tube station.  Keep up the good work!  I am staying at the London Waldorf in May and can only hope for the same level of service there.",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Thoroughly impressed!!,"Wow! I was impressed and I mean seriously impressed.  The idea of a chain Hilton hotel isn't always the most exciting but Hilton Bankside is not like other Hiltons, it is like a unique boutique hotel and it stands out from other London hotels I have stayed at. Funky styling, amazingly comfortable beds and bedding and staff who literally can't do enough for you.  Every staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful and actually put many 5 star establishments to shame. It is clearly a culture led by management as it didn't feel forced and my friend and I felt so welcome! The pool area is beautiful and the staff in the health club were lovely too. We had the roast on a Sunday in the Oxbo restaurant with unlimited bubbly which is an absolute steal and the food was of a superb…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1450-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Early checkin,I have stayed at Hilton Bankside many times. Usually fly in from the US or Asia on a early morning flight and they've always allowed early checkin for their Diamond level guests which is such a blessing after a long flight. Gym is quite small and can get crowded at peak hours. Otherwise a great business hotel. ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My weekly business hotel,The hotel is located in a quiet street only a 5 minutes’ walk from Southwark tube station on Jublee line. Walking distance to west end (25 minutes) I like the atmosphere and modern style. Helpful and service minded staff and excellent breakfast! One of the best breakfasts in town in this price range! Good vibes in the bar as well. This is one of my favorite hotels on London. Superb beds!,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Reliable comfort and efficiency,"Spent two nights here, Friday and Saturday. Very efficient check-in, although we arrived at midday (to leave our cases) they found us a room which was ready so we could settle in immediately. It was a bit dark with only a small window area and a view of a brick wall but was otherwise pleasant, modern and functional. The TV and wifi both worked very well. Bed was large and comfortable. Breakfast was generous as ever with a wide range of food to cater for all tastes. Thought they had no baked beans the first morning but noticed them at the back with the fried eggs if you asked for them. Very good pool, we were the only swimmers at 10.30am on Saturday morning (it was raining). Good location, 5 minutes from Southwark tube, Tate and the embankment and plenty of restaurants nearby. A…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Probably better for business travellers,"Everything is new and the room was immaculate but not quite as big as I was expecting. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and the location is great for going around London and the City. Stayed on a Sunday to take advantage of cheaper rates and feel would otherwise not be my choice any other time (hence better if your company is paying).",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay,Stayed for 2 nights in the executive king room and it was lovely. Gorgeous hotel and great service. Huge comfy bed and great selection of complimentary drinks and snacks in the inroom bar. Gorgeous bathroom with robes and slippers. We had access to the executive lounge of which both food and service was great.  Thank you for a lovely weekend. ,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1455-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"lounge is absolutely stand out, rest very good","The room was very nice, if small, though that's kind of the deal in London The restaurant was ""OK"" (I already forget what I had and the server was very confused, got orders wrong, etc.). The front desk service was excellent. This would have been a three star review BUT The lounge, and especially the food in the lounge, was great (and I had breakfast there and snacks there).  Might have been one of the best breakfasts in a lounge I've had (homemade-ish Greek yogurt, smoked salmon, lots of exotic fruits and cheeses, great variety of breads and meats and eggs, all absolute top quality).",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
1460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel stay,"This is the best London hotel I have stayed in. Very comfortable beds, excellent silver service breakfast and friendly staff. The pool was a very pleasant addition to our stay and the hotel had a grear location near the Tate.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceeds expectations,"We use Hilton a lot and have recently not been very impressed until we stayed here. Staff are what make it. Ingrid and Sylvia in the executive lounge are so friendly, yet professional and nothing is too much trouble they are exceptional.  Beds are extremely comfy and the little extras like mat by the bed and water on bedside cabinet when you return to your room are lovely little special touches which mean we will definitely return to this hotel again... soon. We had a slight issue with hot water (not being very hot) but maintenance resolved this promptly. Thank you for a great night away Bankside!",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Could be a great Hotel in the Hilton collection,"Stayed previously in a variety of Hiltons in London. Good facilities especially the Executive Lounge. We all found it a little bit too warm for comfortable. What lets this Hilton down is some of the staff and Attention to Detail. Overcharged had to query bill. Had settled bill in restaurant only to find that the drinks had also been added again to final bill. Had to ask twice for the white wine to be chilled at the table. Waitress did not seem to understand basics. No one around in restaurant when we were waiting to settle bill to leave! It appeared the front of house staff are letting the staff down that are very hands on behind the scene. When I have stayed at Hiltons previously to celebrate an anniversary there is always a special little touch in the room, card, cake or a…",Date of stay: February 2017,3.0
1463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic!,"Stayed with friends on 3rd February in an executive room - absolutely fantastic! Rooms are a good size for a London hotel, but what really makes it is the staff who are super friendly and couldn't be more helpful! Special mention has to go to Yngrid in the executive lounge who was beyond fantastic! Would definitely stay here again. ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
1464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1460-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Work or Pleasure... this hotel exceeds expectations!,"Not sure why I haven't gotten to write this review on here already (my fault!)  However let me start by saying I travel to London a fair amount for business and weekends away. Additionally I use the Hilton brand more than I would Marriott or Radisson when travelling globally on business - so have experienced a number of hotels.  I chose the Bankside again earlier this month when in London mainly due to my previous experiences last year.  Rooms are so comfortable. Staff are courteous, friendly and above all genuine. Everything from breakfast, through to Exec Lounge, through to Bar food, through to a late night drink is of a high standard and served with a smile. They acknowledge your loyalty as a HHonors customer by providing an upgrade where possible; although the standard rooms…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Just wonderful,"This Hilton is just wonderful. Many thanks  to everyone working here:bar,restaurant,concierge and reception,especially to Lenka  , who is very warm, helpful, extremely kind and a true professional  ..😊  All the best",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside,This is an excellent place to relax either on business or personal trips. Staffs were extremely helpful. If you can find the ironing board upon first entry into your room then you must be a genius. Lol,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Super friendly staff,"Stayed here on business, world class staff at every point in this hotel. Food was great, love the seafood options in the executive lounge . Breakfast was a treat. Only criticism was drink options and prices, not enough draft beer / lager options for our party.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Still wonderful ,"Keeping it short and sweet as I posted last time we stayed here but just to say it's still as absolutely wonderful as when we stayed last year! The staff make it, there isn't a single person who lets it down. Well worth a stay ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1465-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel experience,"Could not have been better ... location, accommodation, service and staff. 10/10. Very modern, stylish, not like a standard Hilton hotel. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend it for business or pleasure. Location is great for London Bridge and the Thames. Service and experience on par with more premium hotels.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A walk away from business,"The Hilton Bankside is a modern well furnished hotel just twenty minutes walk from St Paul's, on the South bank of the Thames. Customer service is well embedded in their daily operations and the bedrooms give you a great opportunity to sleep well.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The Best Hotel Ever,"I stayed for nearly three months in 2016 and will stay for another two months at least in 2017. Beforehand I had tried out all sorts of other Hiltons, Novotels, Marriotts etc. Never will I stay anywhere in London but Hilton Bankside in the future. The staff and their politeness are what truly make this place so amazing. The reception staff in particular are always incredibly polite, formal but also genuinely kind which is so nice to see. I stayed there so long I felt I knew some of them and had to go say Hi to them when I came in each day from work. The rooms are modern, clean and well stocked for anything you could need. If anything is missing, they sort it out immediately. The location is central but not in the middle of all the horrendously busy areas. Perfect for working in…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the better Hiltons! And a bargain for London,"I Have stayed in many Hiltons all over the world, and was really surprised by this little gem south of the river.  Not the grandest of entrances, but three things made this hotel stand out 1. Fabulous refurbished room, with a very comfy bed 2. Really nice bar area, enjoyed the 2 for 1 happy hour 3. The restaurant, really excellent breakfast All this at a reasonable price, and in a great location.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel incredible breakfast ,"2nd time staying at this hotel. The staff are excellent, the distillery bar is great and the breakfast is really incredible. Got an upgraded room on check in for birthday celebration and cake in the room! Nice touch. Highly recommend, especially good if you want to nip to borough market for lunch, 10 minute walk! Really nice room and sound system in shower. Love it!",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1470-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in a very convenient location,This is a really nice new hotel. Overall the staff were friendly and effective but the front desk staff were bit hit and miss. The rooms were modern and comfortable and reasonable value. Better than average accommodation of families compared to some other London hotels.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good standard,Stayed recently on business as part of a large group. Good standard rooms and public areas. Only criticism was plumbing seemed a bit iffy with shower and sink in my room very reluctant to drain. Would stay again but found Mondrian Sea Containers and Park Plaza to a higher standard.,Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside,"After a series of  pre visit calls with reservations and Raul we had a very good stay at this Hilton hotel.  It has great staff, great decor and wonderful beds ...  my wife didn't want to leave ours . The location is very good and the leisure facilities are great for a London City hotel .  The staff made our stay really enjoyable and we were welcomed by all .  2 niggles ... i like a pot of tea at breakfast and we had to wait a few mins to be seated but we did arrive later than the rush hour at breakfast.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,I stayed here last year with my girlfriend for our anniversary. The hotel is really stylish and modern and clean. The bar was lovely and the staff very nice. However the best part for me was the outstanding mattress on the bed in our King Deluxe room. I suffer from constant back pain and i hadn't felt that comfortable in years. I am gutted that i forgot to ask the staff what mattress that was as I would love to buy one for us. If any member of staff happens to read this then if you could let me know i would be so grateful.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hilton experience,"If you want a good value, decent hotel in London then this should be on your shortlist.  Southwark might not seem like the obvious choice for tourists visiting London, but this hotel is literally 5 minutes from the tube station, walking distance to attractions and eateries on the South Bank, Borough Market, the Shard etc.   The hotel itself is modern, rooms lovely and comfortable. We did have a rather lovely Junior Suite with views to the Shard, but this isn't really a hotel to choose if having a decent view is important to you. Our room also had executive lounge access, which I would highly recommend. The executive lounge is well staffed, large, comfortable, stylish and provided breakfast, afternoon tea selection and canapes and evening drinks. Also, executive rooms provide…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1475-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Never disappoints ,I stay at this hotel quite regularly when in London and it never disappoints. The staff is extremely welcoming. The hotel and the room design is clean and comforting. There is a good size fitness centre and the breakfast really good.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Modern, Clean, Excellent Service","Hotel location is great for doing the Bankside attractions.  Very modern and sparkling clean.  Staff went out of their way to be friendly, helpful, and welcoming. Breakfast was one of the best we have ever had in a hotel - omelettes were excellent.  The bar area is lively in the early evening and fun. Bar food was really good.  Good wines and an expert barman if you want cocktails. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The perfect hotel in London,"That hotel has many assets.  First it's located in the heart of the great part of London (a few minutes away from the Tate Museum, the Shard, the Tames bank, the Borough Market...) and well accessible with metro and bus... The hotel inside has been so well decorated! The breakfast and dining room is splendid and the bar lounge has a real something charming. The hotel employees are very smiley and always available if you need any help.  An hotel I would recommend for any type of stays in London.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My new favourite hotel in London,"I stay in London a lot- for work and the theatre- and without doubt in the price range this is my new favourite hotel. Every single member of staff we came into contact with was polite, helpful and most importantly genuine. The room was large and spotless. There is a lovely (if expensive- but it is central London) bar. The high quality continued at breakfast with a wide range of choices- both healthy and less so. The hotel is in a great location- 10 minutes’ walk to Borough Market and for us the Menier Chocolate Factory. It is just behind Tate Modern so convenient for a walk by the Thames. I will certainly be back.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Exceptional Hotel, Beautifully finished and with exceptional service!","One night stay in January, booked via booking.com for the best price.  Its easy to get to, just a few moments walk from Southwark station, and is beautifully finished, inside and out.   After a brief delay checking in (There are only three desks and all were busy) the staff were exceptionally friendly, helpful and remembered us by name the morning when we checked out.   THe rooms are superb, a very spacious bathroom, king sized bedroom and no noise from the outside, which is a positive for me, and something most other hotels in city centers fall down on.   The area surrounding is quite quiet, and you're moments away from the Tate gallery, and only a 10 minute walk from the Shard.   We would definitely recommend this to anyone staying in London - we will definitely return on our…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1480-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside,"I feel the best Hilton in London, narrowly pipping the Conrad to the post.  Always a real pleasure. The staff are always friendly without being obsequious, there is a genuine interest in making everything as good as it can, and perhaps, should be. The ambience of the hotel and the lounge is just relaxing and it always a pleasure to stay.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Wow now this is a proper hotel, modern&spotless","From the moment we arrived to the day we left, 4 days later, we found the staff to be  polite offering an excellent service. The hotel was spotlessly clean, modern and smart. The room was spacious and well equipped with nice touches like bottles of water every night and slippers.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,New Year's Eve in London,"My husband and I were in London for the New Year's Eve fireworks celebration along the Thames.  This hotel was in an excellent location to our viewing location (at the London Eye).    The hotel is beautiful inside; very modern and clean. The staff is so friendly!  The lounge offers a decent variety of drink options and canapés, and the lounge breakfast was good (not great, but I have no real complaints).  Being that it was New Year's Eve, the hotel provided party favours and hats to help us ring in the New Year. I thought that was a nice touch.   The hotel is conveniently located within a short walk of the Southwark tube station, the Tate Modern, and The Globe theatre. Waterloo National Rail station is about a 10 minutes walk from the hotel.   I highly recommend this hotel. ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel but just a few things let it down,"Firstly let me say that I cannot fault the staff, very attentive and welcoming and gave a great level of service. My only gripes were the service charge for everything, a barman opening a few bottles of beer, 12.5% charge, £6 a bottle for own brew beer too expensive. Also the room was lovely and clean but the TV buzzed all night and kept me awake. I'm not a great sleeper anyway but the electricity hum just did my head in so felt knackered in the morning. Don't be put off staying here as it is a great hotel but just a few little tweaks would make it better.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,One of the best hotels I have stayed in London. Would definitely return. Beautiful rooms great location and fantastic staff. Food amazing and bar area great but drinks were slightly more expensive than other hotels £37 for three drinks seems over the top.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1485-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Friendly staff, good location","As a frequent traveler to London, I wanted to stay in a new part of town. This Hilton is very clean, and close to the Tate Modern, Globe Theater, and Tower Bridge, as well as St. Paul's cathedral.  Breakfast is great with a very good assortment of offerings, and breakfast staff is helpful and communicative.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Bankside,"I stayed here for a week in early January 2017 on business. The hotel itself was fantastic, the staff were flawless and the location is brilliant.  I'm not sure how the cost compares to other hotels in the area but for quality of stay I cannot remember a better one. Highly recommended if comfortable with the price.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful but priced out of range,When the British currency fell I thought prices would be reasonable but Hilton seems to have raised the prices to compensate - shame because it's a beautiful hotel   - we are trying the Mercure London bridge next month when we come,Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
1492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay ,"From the moment we walked in we where welcomed.  This hotel is beautiful. The staff are extremely friendly, helpful and made my birthday stay extra special.  Lovely spacious room....  the beds are sooo comfortable. The bar area has a lovely environment  Just all round perfect stay  Thank you  Team Hilton bankside   ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best hotels in town!,"The hotel is located at Bankside, close to the Metrostation Jubilee Southwark, a short 5 min walk. We have to admit: it was a perfect decision to choose this hotel. Even we are not into five star hotels (price-benefit ratio) and more into four star, this time we enjoyed the stay. The staff is of course absolutely friendly. You feel warmly welcomed right from the beginning as you would expect it from a five star hotel. Even better, we arrived at 09:30 in the morning and the receptionist did everything to make a room available for us already at that time. We highly appreciated that and it was really the first time this excellent service was offered to us. Absolutely perfect! The large and earth colored rooms are cozy and are inviting for a longer stay. They are clean and the…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1490-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,overnight in London,this is our 2nd stay in the last 12 months andhad a lovely stay again very central for borough market and southbankthe Shard is only a short walk away and close to London Bridge and Waterloo railway stations. Breakfast was good but a little expensiv plenty of choice.Spa great nice pool and jacussi. the  staff were all very friendly and helpful.will be going back soon.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best hotel in town ,"What a wonderful time we had at this hotel, Per Granstorm you are amazing the kids absolutely loved your warm welcome and your special attention.  We'll be back soon.  All staff are great too... Thanks again  Samer & family ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay!,"We booked a King Executive Room for an anniversary weekend, and enjoyed a really wonderful stay. The service was impeccable from start to finish: check in/out very smooth, and really attentive service in the Executive Lounge without it being overbearing. The location is perfect, within easy reach of some of London's greatest tourist attractions, and a lovely area for a wander. The room itself was spacious, and the facilities comfortable. We were particularly impressed by the complimentary soft drinks and snacks in the mini bar. We enjoyed complimentary drinks and canapes in the Executive Lounge on the Saturday evening, and a fantastic breakfast on Sunday morning. There was an enormous selection for the continental breakfast, and the hot food was available in a buffet style or to…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great value and location,Check in was prompt and the staff curtious. Our room was large and nicely decorated and had a lovely big bathroom. There is wifi available throughout the hotel and it also had  premium channels like bt sports etc  We doesn't upgrade to breakfast as we thought £25 per person was very expensive.    The hotel is a 2 minute walk to southwark tube which is ideal.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Getting Back to the Hilton High Standards - Ever so slightly off the beaten track but worthit,"I stayed in this hotel for the first time over the last new year.  I have to say I was pleasantly surprised, a lot better than I had expected.  I stay at several Hilton's in London but I thought I would give this one a try.  Glad I did, the staff were very professional, Exec Lounge well appointed and service well  Bar had great atmosphere - restaurant offered great value for money.  Recommend you give it a try",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1495-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Stayed recently whilst attending an event which was also hosted at the hotel. From arrival to departure I could not fault the hotel. Check-in smooth efficient and helpful. Bedroom modern, well equipped spacious and lots of quirky and nice touches. Food and service good and can't wait to return to the hotel in the future. Definitely one of Hilton's best that I have stayed in.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Restoring the Brand...well for us at least,"We gave up on Hilton as a brand many years ago, but a Christmas trip to London was a great opportunity to try out this new hotel, and update our views of the Hilton brand.   It was a really good stay at very reasonable price (we found the best price through the hotel's website). We had an elegant and very well laid out one bedroom suite with a view of modern office / residential blocks plus the Tate and away from the street, so no traffic noise at all.  The Executive Lounge was generally pleasant with breakfast, afternoon tea and early evening snacks and drinks included in the price of the suite (I saw some travel websites offer the same rooms without, and, for a higher price, with breakfast. This seems a bit dubious as the Lounge is included for suites. However I reiterate that…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel,This hotel was amazing really new and modern friendly staff and great gym and pool would reccomend and will definetely be back great location too i booked through BA and got 3 nights accomodation with return flights from Glasgow to london for 480 pounds for two people which i thought was a great deal cant wait to go back ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Disappointing stay,In the last fortnight I have stayed in 4 hotels in the Hilton Brand and unfortunately this was the worst stay. The staff attitude and behaviour was quite poor. The management was even worse after I had advised them of the issues but no action taken. Breakfast was also poor with lack of service. Room was good quality though but a little dark. The hotel is highly rated but not sure why I received such poor treatment. Maybe it was a race issue or my Hilton Hhonors Status was blue at the time of my stay.  ,Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
1503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"Fab hotel, very boutique and great location close to tube and lovely local bars. Executive lounge was fantastic with great service. The room itself was really modern and stylish with a beautiful bathroom and rainshower. Would definitely recommend! ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1500-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Smart & Stylish ,"Booked a one night stay for a Saturday in January. Upgraded to a deluxe rm as a diamond member. Room was average size nicely appointed. We were on the third floor, no view. Room had a couch, desk, large TV. The drawers under the TV included a pull out fridge which included complimentary water, coke and juice. Bathroom was roomy, no bath, rain showerhead and separate normal shower head. Usual Hilton toiletries.  Executive lounge was very stylish with some really tasty snacks during the daytime and complimentary soft drinks and a coffee machine. Canapés and wine/beer were available in the early evening and were very good too.  Breakfast was slightly disappointing in my opinion. Some staples were missing and the need to queue for eggs was annoying. The hot chocolate was awful.…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel ,"My husband and I stayed here for one night for a birthday treat.  The hotel was super easy to find, close to Southwark tube, but also easily walkable to several other stations.  It was located in a good area, both quiet and with some nice bars.  The hotel itself was modern with a warm welcoming feel.  The reception staff were super friendly and professional. Lovely room upgrade, which was a kind, nice touch.  Our room was spacious, modern and very clean. The bed/pillows were super comfy. Great bathroom too.  We would definitely return.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic service, amenities and outstanding hotel",My husband and I visited yesterday and they treated us like royalty as soon as we arrived. The room was outstanding quality and the service was special..!!! We will definitely stay there again later in the year and the prices was reasonable for what we got...! Loved it all and the staff was very personable... x they made my hubby feel extra special by having a surprise birthday cake and card in our room when we arrived! ,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel and staff,"Only a one night stay at Hilton Bankside on the 7th of January but everything was great. Good food in the restaurant, room and hotel spotlessly clean and staff very helpful and polite. Will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel. ,"The Hilton Bankside was a lovely hotel. The staff we did have deal with us were polite, attentive and seemed to enjoy their work.  We stayed in a double room. Room 101.  It was a great room, the bed was super comfortable. It had tea and coffee facilities, the bathroom/ shower were to die for! Had a huge wet room type shower. It had a large Mirror and a light up small mirror with a magnifying glass, Which was amazing for my makeup!  The room also had a small fridge which was so handy! As most hotel rooms don't have these. We aren't made of money so we were able to go to the Tesco express which is directly opposite the hotel, for drinks and food and could store it in the fridge.  The only Downfall if I had to extremely critical about the room is that they only had one set of…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1505-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Location and Very Good Service,"We stayed at the Hilton Bankside for 2 nights post-Christmas. Amazing location 5 minutes walk to Southwark station, with convenience stalls just outside the hotel. Staff was friendly and helpful, recommended brunch cafes as we didn't pay for breakfast at the hotel.",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
1510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top Notch Hilton,"Our family of four spent 2 weeks in the U.K. from mid December until Dec. 31.  Hilton Bank side was our first of four Hilton properties that we stayed in- it spoiled us... and the other three could not compare.  Excellent staff.. wonderful helpful concierge, friendly, hard working staff in the Executive lounge and housekeeping.  Room was quiet and large, beds were the most comfortable.  Only complaint was the lack of good lighting in the room.  Would absolutely recommend this property if staying in London.  Very short walk to Underground station.  My husband said that the only problem with the hotel was that nothing else for the remainder of the two week vacation could measure up.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic London stay,"Took at lot of time researching which hotel I was booking as it was for my wife's 30th birthday surprise. The Hilton Bankside really was top class from we first entered the hotel until we left. The thing that stood out the most was the customer service of every single member of staff we encountered on our stay was amazing, we really were treated like VIPs. We had booked an executive room, which I think is really worth it for the little extras you get plus use of the lounge throughout the day! Location wise was great as the area around us was relatively quiet and its only a couple of minutes walk from train and underground stations. Really looking forward to returning here again",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,New year getaway,"Staff were very friendly, efficient & helpful. Location great for theater district and shopping areas. Oxbo restaurant great for breakfast. Nearby other great places to eat for variety. Room was a good size and quiet. Executive lounge was great for relaxation. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great Location, Great Hotel, Great Staff","We used the hotel for a family event in London and the Bankside location was perfect for where we wanted to be. The booking process which required some coordination was handled brilliantly by the staff. On arrival all of the arrangements were delivered as promised. From the moment of check in for the various members of our party we realised that this had a special feel. It meets all of the Hilton standards but goes further as it feels like you are in a boutique hotel. The rooms are well appointed. The lounge is excellent with high quality food a drink. Every member of staff we interacted with were superb, the doorman, the concierge, the lounge staff, the check in/checkout  - everybody. Without doubt the best Hilton we have visited.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1510-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Impressed ,"Very impressed with the quality of service and standards,  very attentive staff who all looked like they enjoyed being there.  Would definitely recommend to any business, leisure and family visit. The rooms were immaculate and the restaurant had the best breakfast selection ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great one night stay ...,"Stayed here for one night for our office Christmas party nearby. Booked an Executive Room for a treat and were very pleased with it. Comfy beds, modern lay out, good shower. Breakfast in the Executive lounge was also very good.  The staff at this hotel were really welcoming and polite from the front desk, concierge, bar and chambermaids. My husband and I travel frequently and both commented on this.  The location of the hotel close to tube lines, near the Embankment and a 15 minute walk to Waterloo station all add to the positives for booking a stay here.  Would definitely return. Thanks for making our short stay a memorable one.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another fabulous visit to the Bankside,This was our second visit to the Hilton Bankside which again was fabulous.  We were pleasantly surprised to be given an upgrade despite booking a standard room this time and were actually put in the exact same room as before.  The bathroom and bedroom are lovely and the free (except for alcohol) minibar is a lovely touch.  The breakfast was again lovely.  We will return!,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great place to stay. Made better still by the team working there.,The first thing you notice is the warm friendly welcome that greats you on arrival. The quality and cleanliness of the room was exactly and what you would expect from a 5* property. The quality of the food in the executive lounge was the best I've experienced in the UK. Same for the level of detail at breakfast. A job well done by the Hilton Bankside London. Thank you.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great experience,"Spent a night to go and see New Year firework in London this year. Great base easy walking distance. Rooms where spacious and well appointed. Staff very good and very attentive. Make use of the executive lounge, you may have to pay more however good value for what it offers",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1515-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Between Christmas and New year,"This is an outstanding London Hotel. The greeting in the lobby and the front desk management was perfect we were one hour ahead of the scheduled room availability but no problem the room was ready. It was the one we had selected the day before on line via the Hilton App. The room was fully prepared with a large bathroom and walk in Rain Shower, large flat screen built in smart TV. Free internet connection. We could just see the river through the buildings. The fitness although a mite small was well equipped with brand new machines, next to the swimming pool. As we were in an executive room nice teas in the afternoon followed with a light buffet and all drinks included, plus the room included breakfast outstanding value for money. When booking make the calculation with the…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Christmas in London,"Just got back from my European trip. Stayed here for 3 nights.  Great stay.  Nice location, nice rooms with Comp mini bar (water and soda).    Nice pool.  Needs a hot tube or a sauna.  Peter at the bar was awesome.  Helped with a bunch of suggestions.  Great guy and asset to the Hilton organization. Breakfast staff was good,as well.   Don't expect any recognition for Gold members.  Including no access to lounge.   Very quite at night.  Need to cab it for bars or pubs.    ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding!,"Stayed for one night on New Year's Day - didn't spend much time in the room as was attending a party at nearby bankside vaults (for which the location was perfect) but was very impressed with the hotel itself, the modern rooms, great pool and gym facilities and all for a bargain price!  The staff were also very helpful and gave me a free room upgrade and late checkout the following day, which was much appreciated! Would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside - Best Hilton ever,"The hotel location, staff and food made for my most enjoyable Hilton stay ever and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. The hotel is really well located in London with super access to busses and the underground which made it really easy to get to and from. I cant speak highly enough about this hotel - I will definitely be going back.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best Hilton in the world,This is the second time I have stayed at the Hilton bankside and I have to say I can't wait to come back again.  We stayed here over NYE for 2 nights. The staff are very attentive but in a discreet non over the top way.   We parked the car using the valet service. It seems pricey at £40 per 24hrs. However having checked Parkopedia for other car parks in the area it was very reasonably priced in comparison and it is a nice touch to not have to worry about your bags etc as they are delivered to your room.  The breakfast is exceptional. The best hotel breakfast selection.  I love this hotel and I am already planning the next visit. By far my favourite hotel in the world.,Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1520-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect place in London!!!!,The hotel Hilton London Bankside was perfect. The location is 2 minutes from the Tate Museum. 5 min walking from the underground. The breakfast was very good! It was very comforting to come after a long day to the Hotel. Highly recommended!!!!!,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect New Year's Eve Stay,"We were here to celebrate NYE in London and the hotel was the perfect spot to eat, sleep and start any touristic trip! The breakfast was over the top delicious, with every item one could wish for: from warm waffles to salmon and fresh juices! The staff was friendly and welcoming. On our first day we arrived at 9 o'clock and immediatly got a room AND breakfast within 30 minutes. Our room was comfy and modern, only the window was tiny, but on the fifth floor even with a view to the St. Pauls Cathedral and Tate Modern. The swimming pool at the hotel was great too, with a little Jacuzzi. Near the hotel are within a walk the Millennium Bridge, Borough Market and the Globe Theatre and many shops and Cafés. We enjoyed our stay and would recommend this to any tourist in London. ",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
1526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A Christmas Haven,"We stayed here whilst visiting our daughter over Christmas and arrived very tired on Christmas evening.  The receptionist, Eva, could not have been more helpful as we upgraded our to an Executive room on the first floor.  The room was of a generous size and well-equipped, the beds so large and comfortable we slept like logs after raiding tbe free mini-bar for mineral water and orange juice.  The bathroom was just perfect with fluffy towels and good toiletries.  Breakfast in the Executive Lounge was good with both hot and cold dishes available but we would have appreciated a pot of coffee rather than an over-strong cupful delivered from a press-button machine.  Cereals included porridge.  Quite often hotels of this quality are let down by the customer care training of their staff…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"Free minibar, comfy beds, great executive club lounge food & drinks variety and quality, cool location near supermarkets, museums, tubes, markets, tourist attractions. Staff were friendly and responsive. Definitely recommend!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb,"Excellent hotel, fantastic experience will definitely stay here again.  Most of central London is within easy access on either 1 or 2 tubes.  Staff in the hotel were a joy to deal with.  Definitely worth paying to use the exec lounge.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1525-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,PERFECT HOTEL ! BANKSIDE HILTON!,"I stayed at hilton Bankside during 28-30 Dec 2 night 3 days for celebrating my 50th birthday. I touched my heart with per granstorm's kins and warm attitude.  He introduced me Hilton Bankside last year and recommend at hotel. I went hilton Bankside and very satisfied my stay. Annake is decorated my room with lovely london postcards and balloons. Day porter Christian is very kind and laundry service team and executive lounge Italy young man is all kind and friendly staffs. Specifically thanks for Korean staff, Lee Hyunji is take care of my bad conditions. I recommend this hotel for going to LONDON. Wonderful staff!! Complimentary nonalcoholic  mini-bar at some rooms.  ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel,Great hotel much better than expected. Staff were very good indeed. Better than some of the usual 5 stars I stay in. Fire alarm went off about 0030 and hotel was evacuated. All dealt with very efficiently but staff. ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Well done,"Seriously. Well done. Years ago staying in London was a horror show. Overpriced. Smallest of rooms and worst imaginable service.   Times have changed. For the better. And. This Hilton venue moves things even further.   THE most friendly reception staff. Great new decor and modern room. Bar cool and ambient. (although maybe the food in the bar could be less ""deep fried""). Room views are never going to be great. But hey. Minor trifles. Great location for walking or tube.   Been a Hilton honours card holder for many years. Love the London Bridge venue. This I have to say is as good. Even without the Shard.   A hotel well done.   ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good,Friendly staff. Generous room and bathroom with big shower. Good location close to the train station and POI. Will definitely come for visit. Breakfast is very expensive though. All in all it's a very very good experience.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful Stay!,"Hiltons are so reliable for when I'm staying in London, this time for a Christmas 2 days with my friend. We decided to stay closer to central this time and it was a perfect location, just a 3 minute walk to Southwark tube station and Waterloo overground. The hotel was the most immaculate I've ever seen a Hilton and that's saying something! The staff were the friendliest I've ever experienced at a Hilton also and gave us any information needed upon request. Bedrooms were very very cosy and comfortable and again, also very clean. The only trouble I had was the lack of lighting in our room but other than that, it was perfect. I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1530-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Eating at the Oxbo,Booked a meal here. Excellent value for money. Staff very attentive and charming. Had 3 courses all presented to a very wry high standard. Highly recommend the restaurant. Hotel reception was luxurious and very tempted to book a room and stay here in the New Year. Close to the Southbank and London Bridge Station. ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,MODERN ROOM; GREAT BAR ATMOSPHERE,"We spent one night here the weekend before Christmas. The room was very modern with clean lines; the only negative was the lack of light, as the walls were all very dark and therefore absorbed much of available light. After a night out with friends, we came back to the bar for drinks.  We'd noticed the atmosphere there in the afternoon and by night it was terrific.  The drinks were very expensive, however. Cooked breakfast was served in a modern and quirky dining room.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Enjoyed our stay,"This is a lovely hotel about 5 minutes walk to the nearest tube station. The décor is lovely and staff were friendly and attentive. The rooms were lovely with fab showers!  The hotel is expensive, but so are other good hotels in London so it's all relative!  The bar area was nice for an evening drink and breakfast was very very good!",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good hotel,"We booked 4 suites at the hotel, one of the suites were upgraded due to our Hilton Gold status. With the suites, we had access to the executive lounge. I was seriously not overly impressed with the check in staff, we asked if any upgrades available and he said no rooms, but later managed one room, gave the impression he was not really trying hard enough at first. He tried to say he gave us lounge benefits but It was actually part of the room type we booked. Then he said there's a charge for rollaway beds of 50 per night, and we said proceed. Then he said there's no charge since we settled with the hotel previously. The way he was changing his words made us unsure of what's going on.  Our cards had problems accessing the lounge a few times, the lounge did not had a lot of food -…",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One night stay,"Visiting London from Australia to attend staff Christmas party and catch up with colleagues. At short notice booked a room in the hotel as it was close to my office and our Christmas celebrations. This was pretty straight forward, finding hotel accommodation very easy, checkin seamless. The staff were very inviting and helpful. The hotel is very nice and new. The room I stayed in was very well appointed and extremely comfortable. The bathroom had all the expected condiments and relatively large. On arrival to my room I found the bed was so comfortable and I slept all night without a break (according to my Fitbit). Woke up and checked out with ease. I have to say this hotel provides a perfect reception through to checkout when traveling to London. The staff are ever so helpful.…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1535-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Christmas in London,My favourite hotel in London. High standard. Comfortable bed. Nice decor. Friendly staff. Great bar. Breakfast is well presented and delicious. Only a few minutes from St. Paul's cathedral and London Bridge. Relaxing big size pool.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Meh...,"My feelings on Hilton Bankside are lukewarm. The staff is great! Warm, friendly and responsive.  The lobby and bar are gorgeous, especially decorated for Christmas.  The guest rooms are entirely unexceptional. From the hallway carpets, wall color and art to the finishes in the rooms the choices are just not very well chosen. I'd go as far as calling them tacky. The photos I saw indicated a level of luxury that just wasn't there. The beds were quite hard.  After complaining we were immediately given an extra comforter and then a room change.  That didn't solve the problem, but made me feel a little better.  Not enough to make us move hotels and risk being even more dissatisfied, but wouldn't stay again.",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
1541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My business hotel in London !,"This was my second stay during the last 2 months. Great hotel with friendly and helpful staff. Very good breakfast with servers assisting with tea, coffee, juice etc., etc. I had a deluxe room which was very clean. Bed was excellent. Staff at the executive lounge was very helpful with an early breakfast as I had to check out very  early. Last, but NOT least...an extremely friendly and helpful concierge at the front ! I will definitely return ! ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely Incredible - I plan to return!,"I cannot sufficiently praise the Hilton Bankside!  It is an amazing Hotel starting with check-in on arrival, the amazing comfort of the bed!, the cleanliness of the rooms, and on to the wide variety offered in the breakfast buffet. I especially want to mention Lenka!  She greeted me when I arrived from overnight flight from the US.  Since I cannot sleep on planes and I was seated next to a very ill child coughing and sneezing on me the entire trip I arrived extremely cranky! Lenka's warm & pleasant greeting turned my day around for the better as she brought cheer. Frankly, I was so miserable when I arrived that any insincere attempt at a warm greeting would have terribly irritated me!   I also must mention the Hugo in the executive lounge as he was very friendly and attentive. …",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great nights stay,"stayed  here for one night. Lovely modern hotel,centrally located the room was great, spotlessly clean, staff were very efficient and friendly. We had a deluxe room but if your staying here for a few days get an executive room as it includes free access to lounge with free drinks and afternoon tea. ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1540-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel with quality services,"Hotel staffs are friendly and kind they will meet your needs in all possible ways. Room is clean and tidy with state of the art technology, overall the hotel is worth for its price and we will definitely come visit again.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Short break,"Everything was fantastic. It was a special treat for my husband, son and his fiancé. Well worth the money, we don't normally indulge in 5 star accommodation but felt this 2 night stay was worth it. Great location too",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Blown away! One of a kind hotel!!!!,As a Suprise from my boyfriend we want on a citytrip to London.  This hotel is magnificent! The look and feel will instantly blow you away. From arrival till check out and luggage drop off at the concierge. All is great utterly in the finest details.  We stayed on the second floor in a beautiful design room as we haven't seen before. A unique comfort boxspring with all the details in place when you go to sleep. Lovely! I must say we travel a lot in high-end and also boutique hotels! So this is a big fat compliment! Keep these standards up! Every thing so clean and logical built to our comfort. Also the hotel swimming pool with jacuzzi is a must after a day browsing around the city! Every single one who works there is committed. They are well educated and trained to see there…,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best London 5 Star Hotel Ever,"This was our first stay at the Hilton Bankside and our room was perfect for us on arrival from the long flight from Australia. It was a really large room which is quite unusual in London. (We visit London each year and it's very hit and miss regardless of the cost we pay per night.) This was our best find ever with quality linen and pillows, a huge comfy bed and a spotless new bathroom with sumptuous towels. It was also really quiet - we heard no one. Just a 5 minute walk to the tube and we were in Oxford Street shopping in a flash. There was also a Sainsbury's right next door and a generously sized fridge in the room. The staff were super friendly and professional. The wifi worked perfectly... honestly we both agreed this is the best 5 star hotel we've stayed in in London. We…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best!,"From the moment we arrived at the hotel, the staff couldn't be more helpful going over and above to assist you and make you feel welcome. The hotel decor is fantastic and modern which continues throughout the hotel and guest rooms.  Little extras like a cake for my girlfriends 21st birthday certainly sealed the experience and made the trip that little bit more special.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1545-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"New hotel, beautifully decorated for Christmad","The hotel is of a good quality, the rooms were a decent size well decorated, very clean,very comfortable bed and pillows.The bathrooms were a good size, large power shower( I would prefer a bath!) . The staff were very helpful and cheerful. ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent London base,"Loved this hotel, feels very new and fresh.  Great links to transport - tube is 5 mins walk away. Room was spacious and very clean, quiet and super comfy bed!   Couldn't ask for more really, would definitely stay here again when in central London.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing!,I have not stayed in a Hilton in a while and this place was awesome. The lobby decor was next level nice with the holidays. Everyone was massively friendly.  I would totally stay here or another Hilton again.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,realy nice location close to the underground,"The hotel was in very good condition,the rooms were clean and generally the whole service was fantastic.Begining with the persons at the reception and the person at the concierge they were all fantastic and very helpfull for any information that you would like to know.The breakfast was amasing with a grat variety of food and beverages.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best Hilton we've stayed in,"I've stayed in quite a few hiltons over the years and this one is the best! The Hilton brand are always of a high standard but this one tops that with lovely staff who are helpful, friendly and accommodating. The rooms are really comfy and the whole hotel has a nice layout & decor, nothing to fault and defiantly would stay again! ",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1550-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous ambience, excellent value, great location","We have now stayed at this hotel a number of times and will most certainly return. The decor is modern and chic and this extends from the lobby, bar and restaurant to the rooms which are a generous size and well appointed. The executive lounge is one of the best we've experienced across the Hilton chain. Often Hilton hotels can feel a little tired and worn but this place is contemporary and hip. For now, the prices are really good value too.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and staff !,"Stayed in that beautiful hotel last weekend! Great location 10 mins from the shard and great 20 mins walk to London eye and Covent Garden ! The pool was great and the room was huge and modern ! Staff was excellent , special thanks to Darshi, Ana Maria and Anais !! Will stay again for sure !!!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A revalation ....,"Well, we have been staying on our London visits at the Park Lane Hilton for the past 25 years which is now old, scruffy, poorly managed with terrible food, so finding this place has made us very happy. Our new home in London. We have both been Diamond Members ever since Diamond was introduced and average about 50 Hilton stays a year on business and pleasure, so our commitment to the brand has never wavered, but it did wobble with our last few visits to the Park Lane Hilton. We checked in yesterday which was a good experience from Valet Parking to the lovely receptionist. Our room is gorgeous and the soft drinks and snacks in the mini bar are complimentary. And the Lounge, now it is wonderful that some thought has been put into the location, decor and comfort levels of the…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,"I recently attended this venue for my wife's company Christmas party. We stayed in an executive room on the 7th floor, fabulous room. The room for the party was very well presented, the staff were exceptional & very professional. The food was very good. A really good night was had. The room service full English breakfast was to die for. Thank you Hilton Hotel Bankside",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Simon,Absolutely wonderful hotel and service. From arrival with the extremely helpful Trudi at reception who checked us in early and took care of our luggage whilst we ventured out to explore the city and winter wonderland whilst our room was prepared. Received a text to inform us when our room was ready and bags were awaiting in our room on our return. Excellent service and friendly welcoming staff; would recommend to anyone wanting that something extra special staying in the city.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1555-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,brilliant,"This is not your normal Hilton. Just stayed here for an overnight in London. Great location for our purposes. Obviously newly 'done' but really WELL done. Greeted by the doorman who helped us with parking the car so that we didn't have to pay to park, despite the hotel car park being full. The room was lovely and the on-site facilities (bar and restaurant) were very good. This is our new base for weekends in London",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic service!,"I just returned from a week at the Hilton London Bankside. I was in London on business and our office is just around the corner, so it was perfectly located for a 5 minute commute into work. But, even if I was returning to London on holiday, I would likely choose this hotel, again -- it's that good! It's very well located in Southwark, within easy walking distance to the Tube (Southwark station) and regional trains (Blackfriars, London Bridge and Waterloo Stations). You are also very near Shakespeare's Globe, the London Eye, Tate Modern, Millennium Bridge and London Bridge.   The hotel is fairly new and decorated in a trendy, almost ""boutique"" style, in shades of charcoal grey. The rooms are sized more like U.S. hotel rooms and I never felt claustrophobic in any part of the room…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"First time stay here at the end of November. Upgraded to Executve room with lounge access as Hhonors Diamond member. Loved everything about this new London Hilton. Very nice room with comfortable bed and bathroom with walk-in shower. Air conditioning very effective and also very quiet.  Executive lounge was excellent and staff very friendly and helpful, especially Gergely. They continually came round to see if any more drinks required, but you could also self serve.  Good choice of beers, wines and spirits available. Full buffet Breakfast for Diamonds could be taken in the restaurant which we did each morning. Service was good and no waiting for tables even though hotel was very busy.  Will definitely return to this Hilton.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great location, nice hotel","Hotel is new and all accessories are well appointed. Hotel staff is charming and eager to assist. Concierge service was extremely friendly and helpful. Restaraunt was great! Room service food so-so.  Hotel is located just a couple of blocks from the Jubilee line tube station. Excellent!  Room was nice, but small, although we upgraded to the fifth floor.  No dresser space at all. We were here a week and I lived out of my suitcase.  Oddly the bathroom socket did not fit for a hair dryer.  We had occasional gnats or fruit flies in the room, which was a bit bothersome.  I didn't complain, as my wife didn't want any pesticide in the room.  They ended up finding their way into glasses of wine. (Note hairdryer plug and fruit flies were mentioned by other guests. Hotel should address). …",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best Hiltons I´ve stayed in.,"Having spend hundreds of nights in Hiltons around the globe, I must say this is outstanding. Very modern rooms, lot of attention to details & decoration and a great location. Good chance that the Bankside Hilton will be my new standard hotel for London.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1560-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,BEST HILTON YET !,"On arriving at the hotel,wonderfully warm welcome at reception ...upgraded to exec.room ...terrific room,exec.lounge,bar,breakfast,pool,concierge ....warm,helpful staff ...would be unfair to name individuals as all were a credit to the hilton brand ...great location...walked everywhere since the weather obliged ...beautiful decor/ambience...Mr.Fox was discreetly present throughout hotel !...usually stay around Hyde park area,but not now...will most definitely be back...stayed in Hiltons worldwide,but without doubt, this is the best yet .. if this is 'new generation hilton',then keep them coming please !",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location,Had a great stay the room was of a very high standard. I did not use the Restaurants but the bar was great and the staff were very helpful. Lots of gin. Your in a great location plenty of bars and restaurants close. I will use it again.    ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good London Hotel,Quite luxurious hotel - the bed was so big and cosy. Staff are very efficient and friendly.  The hotel restaurant was very good.  Good for couples on a romantic weekend.  Would definately stay here again.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A Special Graduation,"Our daughter chose this hotel as the base for her graduation (MSc) from Queen Mary University of London. Well located, superb facilities, with the room quite excellent, friendly and helpful staff, and a great bar tender!",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comments of my pleasant experience at Hilton Hotel at Bankside in London,"This was my first stay in this hotel. should I register my contentment with the splendid reception was offered immediately upon arrival. Had no booking; Even so, the receptionist was very helpful and got a room for a few days. There was an arrangement that was transferred for one night to another hotel of the group. I returned later to the Bankside hotel, where I stayed until the end of my stay in London. I felt that I was treated as a member of the Hilton family.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1565-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceptional Service ,"I was supposed to meet a friend somewhere in the area, as I arrived too early I was looking for somewhere to keep myself warm and I saw this hotel so I went in, at first I was a little bit apprehensive as I wasn't staying but as I approaching the bar Adrian greeted me with smile as i was not sure what to have he quickly made suggestions which I go for, he was so welcoming make me feel valued as a customer as well as I enjoyed the conversation which also joined by Csabi, Marcelia and  Rita. My plan was to have only one drink but as I felt so welcome I ended up with four drinks. They are so lovely, friendly also very professional, they are truly best asset to Hilton.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful stay, excellent staff!",We always stay in a Hilton in London every December but this is the best so far.  The staff are so friendly and helpful! Breakfast selection was brilliant and a good location. Would highly recommend! Executive Lounge had a good selection of food and drink available.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Very nice stay. The breakfast is very nice and very good service. Very sillent area. The service standard is very high and we felt spoiled and relaxed returning from sightseing. Very nice area to stay and we enjoyed to visit the Borough Market very near by.,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,Lovely hotel in great quiet location. Club room was excellent value for money. Bed & pillows super comfy. Hotel staff are a credit to the hotel in all areas. Easy to get to all parts of London but quiet in the evening to get a good sleep. ,Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Service,"My stay could not have been as excellent as it has been if it wasn't for the excellent service with received.  I cannot thanks Yngrid, from the executive lounge area enough for her professionalism and her friendly attitude.   Once again, thank you to all the staff fo making our break away so memorable.  S. B",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1570-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, good location","The Hilton Bankside is situated in a very central location. Whether you go for business or on holiday, you will be close to everything!  I have been staying there for business in average every other week since January 2016 and I have to say, the staff has always been lovely and very helpful.  Rooms are spacious and modern. The hotel is only just over a year old so all rooms are still in very good condition. The only slightly negative point is that the windows are fairly small in the rooms. Having said that, I usually don't spend that much time in the room, so it is not too much an issue.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
1575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location,We recently stayed at the Hilton bankside in an executive room and were extremely impressed with the whole hotel. Our room was fantastic with a huge walk in shower which is rare in many other hotels of the same category. Complimentary toiletries were plentiful. Our bed was very comfortable and the room was a good size. As an executive room we also had complimentary soft drinks from the mini bar which is an additional extra we did not know about and certainly gave us a wow factor. The hotel is very modern and extremely clean. The staff in any part of the hotel are very welcoming and Sr. Ice was very good. I especially would like to say the service the the executive lounge was exceptional. The staff never stop in here serving customers and always with a friendly smile. They also…,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,New hotel offering 5 star service,"Upon looking for Hilton Hotels near my meeting this came up the closest. I was unsure at first due to how new it looked and in keeping with the local modern surrounding. My boss spent 4 days here and is quite critical of large Hotel chains.  The room was expensive and very comfortable, the staff can't do enough for you and the main Bar is very inviting.  We didn't eat in the Hotel so couldn't comment. Needless to say he has booked the same hotel for his return trip in December.  The rates aren't cheap but are worth it.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A true Hilton experience - great service,"I usually stay at Hilton hotels in other parts of London and this was my first time at the Hilton Bankside on the South Bank. As a Hilton Diamond member, I had requested an early check in due to the red eye flight. I arrived after the red eye flight from Canada to find my room not ready due to a sold out hotel on Saturday and a very apologetic hostess who immediately upgraded me to a one bedroom suite. I dumped my luggage freshened up in the executive lounge and hit the nearby Tube station (Southwark) for a visit to the Greenwich Naval Museum. Walking to the tube station I found two grocery stores within 50 meters of the hotel entrance with a wide variety of reasonable ready to eat meals and spirits - I noted that my favourite bottle of single malt scotch whisky was almost half…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,City short break,"Hilton Bankside is a fairly new hotel and it shows, the decor throughout the hotel is really nice and the rooms are very well decorated and appointed. Check in was done online so at the hotel desk it was easy and painless. Hotel has valet parking a little bit expensive but for ease of use it's worth it. In house restaurant, Oxbo, was very good.  As in everything attention to detail is important and in our room we had tea and coffee making facilities but we didn't have any milk and no bottled water in the fridge. There also wasn't any shower caps. It was quickly dealt with by the staff but in a hotel this expensive they should check the room for everything before letting guests occupy it.  The walk in shower is good but not the water that runs right across the floor because…",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
1579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1575-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great service and location,What a great experience at this Hilton property. The service from the reception desk to valets was to notch. The bartenders at the hotel bar were awesome and gave lots of tips for a first time visitor to London. Location made everything easy. Tube stop a couple minutes walk. The room was clean and modern with a good workspace and strong wifi. ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My preferred hotel in London,"This hotel is probably one of my favourites to stay in when in London - I've stayed here twice now and I have another booking for my next trip to London in February 2017. The staff are always friendly and helpful without being obsequious. The rooms are comfortable and well appointed - some people may consider them a bit small but for me they are fine; when I am visiting a city I don't spend much time in the hotel so I don't need a massive room. The bathroom is a good size with a spacious shower. There is free wifi which is always a bonus. The hotel is located a few minutes walk from a tube station for easy access to the rest of London or if you like to walk (which is the best way to discover London) you can reach areas like Borough Market, Covent Garden, Leicester Square or St…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Service on another level!,I recently stayed for 7 days at the Hilton London Bankside. The service is on another level. Everybody is very welcoming. Unbelievably comfortable beds! Thank you Per and HJ for taking such a good care of me...,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel ,"We stayed at The Hilton Bankside after attending a concert at The O2. We booked a King Junior Suite, which was absolutely fantastic.  On arrival we went for drinks in the bar, it's a Gin lovers paradise with an amazing selection. We were served by the Manager who did a great job, I loved the olives they served!  The bed was mega comfortable and we loved the bathroom.   Breakfast was really nice and the staff were all so pleasant and attentive.  All in all, a great experience and highly recommended!",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,"Hotel is modern, clean and very central. Beds were incredibly comfortable. Only disappointment was our window looked out onto a brick wall and felt room service was a little too pricey.  Apart from that the rest of the stay was fantastic.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1580-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Impressive!,"Visited this hotel over the weekend for a Thanksgiving Dinner and can say that I was very impressed. The staff at the Front desk were very friendly and professional and the lobby area was tastefully decorated. The bedroom was spacious, very clean and layout very good and the bathroom was big as well with more than enough toiletries! The towels were fluffy and large and the shower powerful.  They had a very good breakfast spread and the waiters and waitresses smiled whilst clearing tables etc. I would stay here again and recommend the hotel to friends and family!",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"great hotel, great service!","as a diamond member, I asked for a suite upgrade and got one (although had to wait until 2pm to get the room). they delivered local apples as welcome gift, and the non-alcohol drinks/snacks in the minibar were free.  as we went out dinner, they prepared the bed for us, with towel and slippers set by the bed.  had a drink at the executive lounge, food was typical lounge food, but they are very attentive.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday Celebration,"Fantastic location, quality and service. Staff really attentive in making this a perfect weekend break for my family.  The executive lounge was an absolute boon for pre dinner drinks. Dined at the iconic Oxo Tower although the Oxbo restaurant looked very inviting... breakfast was busy yet still very good; I would prefer teapots rather than a bag on a string! Tate Modern is across the road with the Shard, Globe Theatre, Southbank and Borough Market all a short riverside walk away. Would definitely go back.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,Stayed at Bankside Hilton for 5 nights for business in July. Great location with easy walk across river to St Paul's. Staff was great. Restaurant was very good for breakfast and also for dinner. Executive lounge had great selection in the evenings. Modern spacious rooms on executive floor. Will stay there again on my next visit in January.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bee hives on the roof,"I'm a regular stayer in Southwark, had opportunity to stay at The Hilton when it came within company price range.   Very well appointed rooms. Quiet. I would prefer a bath to a shower, but it was walk in and powerful.   Breakfast excellent. Plenty of choice.   Walking from the room, on 4th floor, towards lifts, large windows open out onto a grassed roof with beehives.   No hesitation in going back, assuming price remains in range. ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1585-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,super new Hilton !,"We selected this Hilton as we wanted to visit the Tate Modern on Sunday morning after spending an evening at Sadlers Wells.  The location is perfect for the Tate and access to the river and just across from St Paul's.  A new build in a modern version of the local vernacular it is a 'stand out' hotel.  Super friendly service we were already check in via the app and just needed the room cards. very comfy bed, lovely bathroom, overall a great room, nap views on 1st floor but you cannot have everything.  Bar and restaurant  great service, food is very good not great but would definitely se them again.  Dinner service was good, smoked salmon, beetroot, fish starters any delicious, pork, lamb cutlets, fish main were lovely dishes.  A buffet breakfast, was ideal and had all the…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,staff makes this place extra special,This is a lovely new hotel in a trendy area with a cozy bar/restaurant and spacious rooms. But the services here set this hotel apart. The staff was so helpful with everything from early check-in to assisting in a minor medical emergency. Bonus points go to the surprisingly large pool in the basement.,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic for an American away Thanksgiving week!!,"An amazing staff!! Very courteous and helpful. I forgot my converter and they sent one up. After a an amazing work week away from home, I arrived in the evening Thanksgiving night with a pecan bar surprise. Very thoughtful touch!!!",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Poor reception,"Checked in to pre booked hotel room. Receptionist demanded £50 as it was hotel policy. Room paid for by my company. She insisted it was in case I used the bar or room service. In view of her attitude I would go anywhere other than the bar or restaurant here.   Then demanded my home address. I asked why, as booking paid for by my company. She asserted it was UK legislation that required it. This became interesting. I explained I was a lawyer and asked what UK legislation require my home address for a stay at a hotel paid for by my company. Off she went returning with a ""manager"" who told me it was the Human Rights Act. I asked which section.  He couldn't tell me, as there is no requirement under HRA legislation. Then he said it was in case the hotel needed to contact me. When I…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
1593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great lunch ,"Went with family for a peaceful and enjoyable meal and we got it!!!!  Loved everything, buffet is gorgeous, food outstanding, service also great , Matteo the manager does a very good job and the staff too, keep it up!!! We will go back soon  ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1590-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My best Hilton so far,Stayed here for 2 nights on business. Nice modern rooms with comfy beds. Air con is not noisy!! Staff were super efficient from check in through to finding taxi the next day. Did not eat here so can't comment on the food ...,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Place To Stay ,"We found the Hilton to be in a great location, just the other side of the river from central London. The staff throughout our stay were all very helpful and the room decor was very modern with plenty of space. Overall the hotel is in a great location, easy to find and perfect for a quite nights sleep. ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent London Birthday visit!,This is definitely one of the best hotels I've stayed in. Staff are so friendly and I was surprised that they'd remembered me personally  the following morning despite having so many guest there - was a lovely touch. Would recommend and would definitely stay again. ,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The BEST hotel in London!,"We have visited many hotels in London, from the Savoy to a Premier Hub and I can honestly say this is, by far, the best experience we've had. Most of the other hotels could learn a lot from the excellent staff. They were all extremely welcoming, professional and 'smiley'. The check-in was easy and quick, the room was lovely with much thought over the design.  The bar area was great for a few cocktails, the staff superb and attentive and prices reasonable for a central city hotel. There was an incredible choice of yummy food for breakfast, everything was of the highest standard and again the staff were marvellous. I could not recommend this hotel and staff highly enough, we will return and hope it continues to blossom. Well done, a great effort! Thank you 😊. ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"The interior of the hotel is modern and smart. It certainly looks like it's had a recent refurbishment.   The staff were, without exception, friendly and professional.  The room was great with lovely soft pillows and a cosy duvet. The huge shower was fab. The room was a bit hot though and I'd like to see a large mirror above the desk.  We really enjoyed the pool (much bigger than expected and the perfect temperature) and jacuzzi.  Breakfast was tasty and extensive (although no baked beans) and we enjoyed a drink in the bar.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1595-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Quiet, low-key luxury","I’ve stayed at the Hilton London Bankside at least 6 or 7 times since its opening. I keep coming back because of the quality of service, value, and rooms.  The staff is incredibly helpful, but unobtrusive. They do little things like press the elevator button, when they see you are heading to the lifts, and offer umbrellas when there’s a chance of rain. I always get a newspaper delivered to my room in the morning. There’s daily maid service and evening turn-down, and the hotel is very clean.  The property is well maintained with beautiful floral arrangements in the lobby, and low key, modern/ boutique design in the rooms, which include excellent showers, comfortable beds, and stocked mini-fridges. I’ve stayed in different parts of the building and it’s always been quiet. They…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,B&B for a business Trip,"OK so the business trip was a major event in the Ballroom in the basement :-)   Hotel staff first class (not so the event staff)  the rooms are a very good standard clean, quality furnishings etc.  with all the little things that mark out a Luxury hotel from the ordinary. Plenty of good , and good size, towels! Dressing gowns etc  The Food at the evening event (which I assume came from the Hotels kitchens) was good. Well cooked and well presented. Breakfast also to a high quality and an attentive team to look after you. The scrambled egg was in a pan but a chef on hand to do any other version of egg you want.  It is the level of Service that sets a hotel like this apart.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good location and quality hotel,"This is a top quality hotel within a short walk of a number of London tourist attractions. The globe theatre, St. Paul's, the Shard, the Tate modern are all within ten minutes walk. Also locally are a number of coffee shops and restaurants. The hotel itself has modern decor in the entrance and in the rooms you have modern quality furniture in the bedroom and shower room. All in all very good. I did think however that the price for one night of £220 without breakfast was a bit pricey. ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Always Delivers!,"Great night, staff were amazingly good to us and helped me celebrate proposing to my partner.  Thank you so much for your hospitality.  Stayed for one night in the executive room, the staff organised a cake for us to celebrate and the bed was incredibly comfortable.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Almost perfect,"We stayed for one night, and I was really impressed. The staff were so professional, polite and happy to help. The decor was perfectly stylish and the rooms were spotlessly clean.  The bed was so comfortable we had such a great nights sleep.  I could of easily sat in the bar area and enjoyed a few drinks as the setting and ambiance were perfect. However we spent most of our stay at a wedding outside of the hotel so we didn't make use of the hotels facilities to the full.   The only slight annoyances were, the water wasn't particularly hot. No mirror in the bedroom only in bathroom. The bathroom had a European plug socket so depending on the room you stay in, drying your hair may be a bit of an issue unless you bring an adapter.  Finally only one cup left in the room for hot…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1600-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exellent!,"I have spent a weekend with my famiy in this new propety. Rooms are amazing, comfortable and nice, food in lounge was very nice and breakfast selection just amazing!!! Very polite and helpfull staff and my 3,5 yo daugter loved the animals decoration and the spooky Halloween display! Walking distance from Tate modern but away from the busy streets. Cannot wait to come again! ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not as good as last year,"I stayed here last year after the Hotel had just opened and the service and attention to detail was second to none. However the same could not be said for my last stay 6th to10th November. My room was not ready on arrival so we decided to go into the bar for a late lunch, after waiting for ten min for someone to take our order I had to go upto the bar and asked to be served. The same problem also happened in the restaurant at breakfast time, in the end we had to ask for coffee rather than being asked first . One of the evenings I went to reception to ask a question and there was no one on reception for around five min, which really is not acceptable. Concierge was not much better, forgetting to book cabs which were booked the previous evening. Also be warned they don't book mini…",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
1606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Almost perfect,+ : Amazing bed (size and comfort) ; beautiful bathroom; people were lovely  - : The room was not like the photograph we saw when we booked ; the breakfast we had in our room was expensive for a low quantity and quality ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wow.,"Title says it all, what a fantastic hotel. Staff were some of the best I've met at a hotel, always smiling, genuinely happy to help. We were nervous as we taking our one year old but the staff helped us with bags and were always there if needed. If you book here, be sure to book the afternoon tea, the food was fantastic and drinks were included also. The hotel itself was extremely clean, very central and close to the Tate museum which was the reason for our visit. I don't think I would think twice about booking anywhere else next time I am in London.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,First Class Stay,"Stayed two nights on a business trip, the staff are really genuinely  friendly and helpful. The rooms are gorgeous, everything you could want, tooth brushes, slippers, bathrobes, bottles of water, full mini bar, white crisp cotton bed linen,  a turndown service. I have room service one night, sea bass with steamed rice which tasted wonderful.  The buffet breakfast was very extensive, fresh breads and a selection of hot and cold food. The only thing was the coffee was from machines with little flavour. A set lunch for 100 people and was excellent, a selection of starters, main and desserts was served to the table which catered for every taste.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1605-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfort and style at a reasonable price,"I stayed at Hilton Bankside for a weekend with work, and I really enjoyed it.  We were booked into large twin guest rooms which was more than sufficient. Comfortable beds, large showers, stylish interior. There was a big desk/work station, as well as a large tv. The rooms also feature complimentary drinks, bathrobes and slippers. Very quiet and clean.  Our meeting room downstairs was large, and well equipped. Comfortable chairs and good technical solutions enabled us to work efficiently. Good coffee dock in the hallway.  The breakfast buffet was very good, and I liked that you could get eggs and omelets made to order. The hotel bar, The Destillery, was also comfortable with a good selection of drinks. I recommend the GT with homemade tonic water. Music was, at times, a bit loud…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel ,I stayed here on business for 5 nights recently. It is a newer hotel located a mile east of London Eye. Staff were very nice and accommodating during my stay. Was having issues with America vs UK electrical plug that they helped me with. Fitness center was nice and secluded. Ate at restaurant for dinner 3 of the nights. Ribeye steak was very good. Quick walk to the river to board water taxi to head to Excel. Overall a very pleasant stay. Would do again. ,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"Really nice hotel very warm welcome rooms very nice and food good would highly recommend, good location worth the money not cheap but you do get what you pay for and the breakfast was very good and a vast choice ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton Hotel I have ever stayed at ever,"Relatively new hotel as it has been open for over a year from what staff told me.  It was obvious as the hotel room, furniture, tv, and bathroom were all new and clean.  The staff were super nice and accommodating.  Located near the Shakespeare Globe Theatre.  Lots of restaurants nearby, many that we missed until the last few days of our visit.  3 convenience stores close by.  Since we had a fridge, we bought drinks and perishables from the local stores and put them in the fridge.  Took them with us everyday that we went out on the daily London trips.  Has a business center with 2 computer terminals and printers between the front desk and the breakfast area.  The breakfasts that were served were excellent in quality and quantity.  Used my benefits as a Gold Member to take…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Affordable luxury in the heart of the city,"What a treat! Luxurious from the minute you walk in. Staff helpful and professional. Rooms amazing! Beds really comfy, and the shower superb. Breakfast in the restaurant next morning was delicious from the help yourself buffet - you could certainly stock up for the day, lol.(Not sure about the taxidermy animals heads all around, though) Only stayed one night, so sadly didn't get to use the pool etc. Will try next time!",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1610-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent property and staff.  Only disappointment was room service food.,"This is a quite new property and is in excellent condition.  As with previous stays, staff are equal to the best Hiltons in UK. Rooms are excellent.  Only disappointment was room service food.  Chips cold and dried up, plus steak difficult to cut.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The England Experience,I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT HERE! No doubt I my mind if I were to return to England this would be my recommendation. They did an amazing job making sure my vacation was worth the cost! Money well spent! Visit,Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"excellent, modern, well-situated Hilton","One of the newest Hiltons...so designed superbly with attractive features and excellent, hi-spec rooms. Very comfortable, with highly trained and attentive staff. was at a corporate function here also, where the food (considering was for 500) was top-class. Next morning's breakfast also excellent, in a superbly-deisgned retsaurant area. A real pleasure, and London very accessible from here.",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good modern Hilton,"Good location close to London Bridge. Hotel is modern, room not too big but well maintained and WiFi is reliable. The executive lounge is excellent and offers great variety of food at breakfast and drinks and snacks during the evening. Staff is very professional.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,5 Star Penthouse,"We had never stayed in a Penthouse so decided to treat ourselves and what a treat it was.  We arrived at the hotel early to drop off our cases but were surprised to find the room was ready so we were able to move in immediately and enjoy breakfast in the Executive room.  The Penthouse suite is just incredible.  The attention to detail is exceptional.    The bathroom is all marble with a free standing bath in the middle.  Huge walk in shower and his & her sinks.  All beautiful.  The bedroom has a king size bed and lovely soft pillows.  The room also has floor to ceiling windows, a very pretty couch and coffee table, TV and also mood lighting.    The lounge area has a beautiful wooden floor, kitchen area with dining table, a large TV which can be enclosed behind the zebra man…",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1615-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect in every way,"I stayed in this hotel for one night. Must say that this hotel is perfect in every way, such stylish rooms and impeccable service. The style is minimalistic and sleek, almost like an artwork as a whole. Bed was very comfortable and room was very spacious. Gym and pool were really nice touch in the morning. Breakfast was excellent, I loved it.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent experience ,"A weekend visit and would not hesitate to return. Hotel is 5min walk from Southwark tube station (Jubilee line) book in was fast, friendly and efficient. We had booked direct with the hotel website. Rooms were modern, spotlessly clean and well appointed. Good bath/ shower facilities, bed very comfy and no noise! A great sleep! Breakfast plentiful and to a high standard with attentive pleasant staff. ",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly good experience!,"I have been staying in many hotels in London during the last years. This time, we have chosen the Hilton Bankside for a weekend stay due to the approximate to the Tate Modern, which is basically just 3 minutes away. I was pleasantly surprised by the Hilton, new and fresh hotel, very attentive service and well appointed rooms with comfy beds. Very quite, no noise from the street which is unusual for London as well. This hotel will remain on my shortlist, when traveling to London next time.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Can't fault it ,"Really modern and trendy Hilton hotel, great comfy beds, modern bathroom with built in speaker.. Can't fault the place! The staff were extremely lovely and the location was great.. Right next to tate modern. Do try they're bottomless brunch at the Oxbo, fun tipsy experience. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,perfection,"The perfect hotel if you plan a trip to london , clean ,comfortable, easy acces to all major tourist spots, breakfast was perfect ,choise ,taste, helpfullnes off people ,.... ,but wat makes this hotel perfect is how you ae made feel welcome and at home by every member off its staff, from cleaning lady to manager , so i truly reccomend this place",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1620-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Pretty good,"We stayed here as a group of 4 in two junior suites for a weekend, and had a good time.  The building has a very modern feel to it, with lots of wood colours etc.  All the junior suites appear to be in the same position on each floor, so we had rooms above one another.  The room was very large (for London) and had a superking bed, spacious seating area and large bathroom. See photos for a better idea. The minibar was complimentary and restocked daily; it was well supplied with snacks and drinks and this was a very pleasant surprise.   We had lounge access with our room; it was probably the best looking Hilton lounge I've seen anywhere in the world (see photos), and the afternoon tea / evening drinks and canapes were reasonably good - although they did run out of some drinks.…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Rooms were superb but the restaurant & housekeeping lets it down,We stayed overnight to attend an event.  The actual room was 5 star.  Fab.  While there the maid cleaned up the bathroom so end up throwing some personal items away which I had left on the vanity.  I felt this was an invasion of privacy.  if I wanted to throw the items away I would have. I did complain and was promised that the manageress would look into this.  I have not heard anything from the hotel since.  there was no service in the restaurant at breakfast time.  We were shown to a table and then left to fend for ourselves.  nothing was explained whatsoever.  Prior to the event we visited the bar for a drink.  the hotel had run out of white wine!  The hotel is not cheap.  the service in the hotel does not match the ambiance of the rooms.  There is a Premier Inn a 30 second…,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
1626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,luxury escape,"Thank you to this fantastic hotel for providing us with a much needed break. We relaxed as soon as we walked into the hotel by the gorgeous smell of sandalwood, and the festive Halloween display. We were greeted by very friendly, accommodating staff. We had the BEST night sleep in THE most comfortable bed we've ever stayed in!!",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Would gladly stay here again,This is a fantastic hotel. Modern and spacious rooms. Really liked the pull out drawer fridge - need to get one for my house.  The bed was ridiculously comfortable - easily the best hotel bed I have slept in.  Not the best location for tourists but central enough to see the sights and pretty quiet.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The best Hilton i ever stayed at!,"As a Gold HHonors member, I’ve stayed at many Hilton properties but I can honestly say this Hilton is the best Hilton that I’ve ever stayed at. Bellman greeted me outside the hotel and assisted me with my luggage. My check-in with Hannah at reception was superb! It was a perfect check-in. Hannah greeted me with a welcoming smile; she acknowledged my HHonors status and thanked me for my loyalty and choosing to stay at the property. She then went on introducing me to all the food & beverage options, breakfast and the gym & pool facilities in the hotel and their hours of operation. She also gave me directions to the gym and the pool. My room was clean, crisp & modern. The bed was probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. Maybe it’s because it’s a new hotel and…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1625-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Superb Service, outstanding staff","From the moment you walk through the door it is noticable the training of the hotel staff is the finest. So professional throughout the stay and from all staff, it was very enjoyable and i had a business partner with me who also agreed. The hotel is impecable and the exec lounge was extremely nice. An absolute pleasure staying here!",Date of stay: November 2016,5.0
1630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Add this to my list of favorite hotels in London.,"This hotel is fairly new and so not surprising still in great condition. Stayed 4 nights in room 221 which was extremely quiet even though we could see an elevated train regularly passing by a block away. Lobby is tiny and quite busy and noisy in the evenings because of the bar but didn't hear anything in our room. Difficult to converse at checkin because of the noise, Would have preferred a tub and shower but the shower is generously proportioned with several shower heads, rain among them. Complimentary waters, Coke, and juice in the minibar. Loved the quirky little wolf head sculpture on the wall. Chose this hotel from careful study of the reviews. View from our room was of streets, flats, and the elevated train. Looked as though the view from some rooms may be of a bleak…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best hotels in London,"I've stayed for years in London but this hotel is a different pedigree to most, the service is fantastic, the rooms are super comfortable and quite pleasant. It's a like a home away from home for me! Top tip, for those on business get access to the executive lounge, again a really comfortable and quiet place to work with unlimited access to food, water, coffee etc. Beats sitting in Starbucks in the city with all the noise before a meeting. Highly recommend.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"""Excellent Stay""","We stayed at this hotel while visiting our son in London and would definitely recommend it. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and were happy to look after our luggage until check in time so that we didn't have to take it around London with us. The hotel was very clean and tastefully decorated. The room was spacious, the bathroom had  a brilliant walk in shower and  the bed was very comfortable. The selection for breakfast was amazing, so many choices. We always try to stay in Hilton Hotels, both in England and abroad and this is definitely one of the best Hilton's we have stayed in. We would definitely recommend it and will be back when we are next in London. Thank you.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another amazing stay,"Each time we come here it really does just get better - this is now my home from home whenever I need to stay in London. Why because the service is impeccable, the staff so friendly and welcoming and the rooms so comfortable.  One of the few hotels in London to have a pool and if you are staying here during the weekend be sure to try the Saturday Brunch and/or Sunday Lunch at the sublime OxBo.  Cannot wait to return - thanks as always team Bankside! ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1630-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stay by default,"We were redirected and transported to this location when the Hilton Islington gave away our room despite our having checked in on line and advised the hotel of a late flight arrival  This hotel,is what you would expect from a Hilton, just not the location we sought. Not their fault at all, room was great.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Why stay anywhere else in London,"Wow! I've stayed in a vast array of different hotels in London but now I need look no further. I will never stay any where else again. This hotel is a gem in the minefield that is London hotels. From the beautiful building to the supremely professionial staff, this hotel ticks every box.  The frond deskills staff are skilled and extremely courteous.  The restaurant is fantastic, the rooms are wonderfully furnished and clean. Very comfortable beds and lovely bathrooms.  It's hard to write a review as I find myself running out of superlatives.   This hotel is awesome.  The Hilton chain should be proud of this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Quite marvellous!,"Business trip for 4 nights. Can't find a single thing to nag. Amazing bed, comfy room, spacious bathroom, excellent way-beyond-average breakfast (all breakfast buffets nowadays seem like a replica, don't they?), trendy location, excellent facilities, super speedy laundry service, quite relaxing pool, and the best so far attitude and service from every single employee i interacted. I visit London every year and choose a different hotel each time. Next year i might do an exception. Book without hesitation. Thank you for a wonderful stay.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Probably the best weekend we have had in a Hotel,"From the minute we arrived our experience was outstanding we could not ask for more. The staff where polite, attentive, friendly & extremely helpful. It would be hard for them to do any better. We have stayed in a king junior suite once before. This time we booked a King deluxe junior suite. Had no idea what to expect but was amazed to find it was huge with a lounge with dinning table sofas & tv, bedroom with tv, bathroom with a bath & a walk in shower plus a room with a separate 2nd toilet. This made our 22nd wedding anniversary weekend a very enjoyable & memorable time. I would like to thank all the staff at the hotel for making our  long weekend in London for our wedding anniversary one of the best hotel experiences we have ever had. What wonderful staff you have! The use of…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hidden gem at a great price,"I made a last minute change to this hotel and I'm really glad I did. It's an excellent property with a great staff and amenities. The underground is a short walk away, and there a few few shops right outside to pick up and snacks and such. Only minor drawback was that the neighborhood is a bit blah and it seems to really die down on the weekend. However, so many things are a short train or cab ride away so it wasn't that much of a bother.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1635-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay in the penthouse suite,"We stayed in the penthouse suite and had friends and family stay in king exec rooms. Although the penthouse is expensive it is definitely a fantastic experience. Beautiful decor with unusual features, very spacious with roomy outside terrace with views. The executive lounge is very stylish with a good selection of complementary food and drinks. Staff very welcoming and helpful. Would definitely stay again :) ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Convenient Hotel with Convivial Bar Staff,"Spent two nights here as part of a mini-vacation to London after being in Dublin for business and enjoyed my time considerably. The hotel is new and it shows (in a positive way), clean rooms, modern design, etc. I particularly enjoyed the bar and the bar staff, who were friendly and knowledgable about the drinks at the bar. Also, the room had a fridge which is always a 50-50 shot in Europe but which I really appreciate.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Handy location,"Stayed here on business  and had a great stay. The location is fantastic, tucked behind the Tate Modern with great access to the south bank. The hotel is also very convenient for the City, just a short walk across the Millenium Bridge to St Pauls, which is a lovely walk in the morning. The hotel is still relatively new, so everything is immaculate. The staff are very attentive and welcoming. The bar area had a nice buzz, without being too manic or lacking atmosphere like many hotel bars. Only downside with this hotel is that it is now very popular so can be hard to book without paying premium prices.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Ease of access ,Within a 5min walk of Southwark stn and within 20 mins walk of the London eye a reasonable night sleep except for the feather down mattress protector and quilt cover the quills poke you. Otherwise clean and helpful staff. Breakfast in the morning is of good quality but some staff are little slow overall 4/5,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,great location,"very helpful staff and nice big rooms. A pleasant change for London. Very easy to get around town and some nice local places to eat. Of course, don't forget to go to borough market! Great food and huge choice.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1640-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very Enjoyable,"Stayed here for 2 nights recently on a leisure break in London. The Hotel is in a quiet backstreet of London just off the south bank near Tate Modern, Its about 7 min walk from Southwark Underground station and was relatively convenient. From there London is your oyster in 15 to 20 mins in any direction so that's nice!   The lobby and reception area of the hotel are modern and very contemporary,However  I Personally found it to be under lit, As someone with partial sight I found the lobby reception and the Restaurant way to dark over all and made traversing it more challenging than i would have liked.  I was recognized as a Gold Hilton Honors Member when i arrived which i appreciated, The WiFi however with the Hilton Honors Network wouldn't work with my details and even the…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable hotel in a good location at a fair price.,"The staff were very welcoming and friendly. The room I stayed in was very quite and looked like it had recently been refurbished. The cost was competitive for this area. Location is good with local attractions a short walk, i.e. borough market, Cutty Sark, Tate modern, etc. I would stay here again when in London.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Good,modern, clean, and spacious but","It was too dark and windows were not so good for privacy of all guest rooms. Recommend to book more than guest room and above level 3(3rd floor).  좋은후기들처럼 시설자체는 갠찮은데, 담에 여기숙박한다면 디럭스이상해야할듯 합니다. 게스트룸은 ㅜㅜ 어딘가갇힌 느낌. 잠만 주무신다면야 뭐 시설이좋으니까요. 시내접근성도 튜브로충분하지만 걷는건 항상 강을건넌다는게 어느정도 부담스런일이라 교통을이용하게되더라구요.  ",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London,"This new property has made every effort to be truly outstanding. Every member of staff goes beyond duty to make you feel welcome and well served.  The facility is the most comfortable of all Hilton's we have stayed at and since I'm a Diamond member and have been for years I have stayed at many. Every aspect of the hotel from the club room, health club and excellent restaurants are absolutely first rate.  I have stayed at Hilton Bankside a number of times over the past year and each visit I received the same very high level of service. My wife and I can't recommend this facility more highly.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic staff!,"Just back from a week in the Hilton Bankside.  I was there for a conference and the one 'standout' thing from my visit there was the staff.  They are so friendly and helpful without exception - everyone from the reception staff / concierge desk to the waiting staff in the bar and restaurant to the cleaning staff upstairs.  The level of service is just perfect.  I wasn't feeling well on one of the evenings and I ordered a sandwich from room service.  I mentioned to the waiter who brought it up that I wasn't feeling so well and was staying in for the night.  Half an hour later he arrived back with a lovely tea tray with Lemon & Ginger tea, peppermint tea, hot water and lemons and a little plate of biscuits.  A really thoughtful touch that was much appreciated.    The rooms are…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1645-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"I stayed in this hotel for three nights on a business trip.  Great hotel! Rooms are very large, bed was incredibly comfortable, fridge contained free refreshments which were restocked daily.  The location was super, a few moments walk to the jubilee line.  The hotel's decor was very polished. Rooms were new and the cleaning service superb!  Plenty of shops nearby as well.  ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,As a business hotel should be,"Already a few days after my stay, there's hardly anything that stands out when thinking about this hotel, and that's a compliment. Everything was just as it should be, decent, clean and customer friendly. The design is very modern but warm. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic location, comfortable beds","I stayed here for 1 night while on a business trip (it was sadly booked full so I couldn't stay longer). While it's pricier than some hotels, I would stay here again, absolutely. For one, the room is large and comfortable, and has both European and US style sockets - a lifesaver if you forget your adapter or only have one for many devices (plus they provide one in the room).   For me, though, one of the huge wins was the comfort of the bed. I have fibromyalgia, so bed comfort matters. This is the only bed in the three hotels I stayed in while in London where I slept comfortably!  The breakfast buffet had great variety and cooked-to-order eggs. The food was delicious.   The location of the hotel was fantastic. Relatively close to the tube and water taxis. Easy walk to the Tate…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Business & Pleasure at a Summer Ball,"An excellent hotel! I received a friendly welcome. The room was well equipped with mini bar fridge, snacks, coffee maker, slippers. The decoration was to a high standard. The whole evening went so well. The breakfast was perfect for the morning after. The hotel is in an excellent location. Close to the Tate Modern and the Thames. I would definitely return! ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great but not quite a 5-Star Hotel,"I've just traveled for the last couple months ago, staying at 5-star hotels like Fairmont Peace Hotel in Shanghai and Conrad New York in Manhattan and all I have to say the Hilton London Bankside is... not on par. I think it barely earns its 5th star.   My trip was a short 3-night layover trip to visit London before flying off to Iceland. When my friend and I first arrived, we were quickly helped with our bags by the Bell Desk, and then by a Front Desk person but our interaction was a prolonged PAIN. The well-mannered receptionist wasn't able to honor my room selection that I've made through the Hilton app (which is a benefit  that Hilton sells all the time) because I added an extra night to my stay. (THIS IS A FIRST.) What's even worse is that my extra night was booked as a…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1650-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Modern, clean, friendly and great staff",The hotel is in a great location. It has a beautiful lobby and comfortable quiet rooms. A highlight is the friendly and professional staff nothing is too much trouble. Well located excellent all round.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Firstly the location is good, just behind the Tate Modern; just 5 mins walk from Blackfriars which serves Gatwick airport, just cross the Millennium Bridge into the city, and 5 minutes to Southwark underground with the useful Jubilee line, and close to many attractions Globe Theatre and borough market etc. The staff are extremely professional and friendly; the rooms are new and spotlessly clean, famous Hilton beds and pillows, free wifi, large flatscreen TV, and it has a good, inexpensive restaurant, lively bar and an executive lounge. Prices are generally lower than the other centrally located Hilton hotels such as the Conrad (which is also excellent), Park Lane, and Aldwych, and hope it stays that way!",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel! Fantastic location!,Reception were warm and welcoming and our bags were taken to our room for us. Beautiful rooms and bathrooms and the beds were super comfy!  We only stayed 2 nights and would have stayed longer but the hotel was fully booked.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful surprise ,"I've stayed in a few different hotels in London but this is my first Hilton experience. We received a free upgrade on our room as it was our first stay and then paid an additional £35 when checking in to upgrade on top of that to Executive... my God it was worth it! Just that small upgrade price covered afternoon tea, drinks and canapés in the evening, breakfast, plus soft drinks and snacks in our room! We saved Huge amounts of money because we were too full from afternoon tea and the evening food and drinks to need to dine out!  My now fiancé proposed to me that morning so it was an extra special stay for us and the hotel accommodated that gracefully. Thank you for a wonderful stay, we will happily use this chain again! ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful and modern!,"This place offers everything that you can expect from a five star hotel: friendly and professional employees (also French speaking), modern design, spacious rooms with comfortable beds, free beverages (water, tea and coffee). One negative point: lack of fresh air in the rooms because the windows cannot be opened.   The hotel has also a nice pool with jacuzzi which is perfect for relaxing during the evening.  The breakfast was good (fresh orange juice, excellent choice of breads ) but could be better (vegetables were not very fresh, canned mushrooms...).   The hotel is also well located : you need 20 minutes to go to Oxford street or to St Pancras, and only 5 minutes to Tate modern.    ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1655-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic City Break!,"This hotel provides easy access to sights like The Globe, Tate Modern, The Shard, and on and on. It's smack in the centre of a bustling area and easy to walk around and get to the Tube and West End. With an excellent restaurant and bar, modern and well appointed rooms, and very friendly staff this was a great place to stay while in London for just a few days. Being a hotelier myself, I would happily recommend this hotel to any friends or family travelling to London.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Boyzlife Concert,"Recently went to see a live show with Bryan McFadden and Keith Duffey called Boyzlife. The show was in the Ballroom which was beautiful. Me and my partner went to the bar for a drink to take to our seats for the show, being the Hilton hotel we were expecting it to be a little more expensive than our usual wine and beer. Proceeding to order our drinks there were 3 members of staff behind a small bar surrounded by customers, the service was unorganised, we struggled to understand what was taking so long as we were limited to what we could order. We ordered with one member of staff who poured the drinks for us. My partner handed his card to the gentleman who then told us we would have to wait for another member of staff that who was already serving two different customers, who then…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
1661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,lovely welcoming,"futurist that s i like to say about it, if your are a non retro then you will love it, open space, clean, modern, with large bathroom, and that is  a +10. same for the restaurants, great variety of option, everything was delightfull.  great job",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel Stay,One of the best Hilton's I have stayed at. The location is a few minutes walk to the Southwark train station and to the borough market. I just wish the Executive Lounge was located on the same floor as the Executive Floor as opposed to the Hotel Lobby.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,"This is a very nice hotel the bedroom was very modern and clean,lovely bathroom with separate shower,the restaraunt for dinner was fabulous and we had buffet breakfast there on 2 mornings which was very tasty,if your thinking of visiting London tower or the shard the location is great.Very happy with the service from all the staff here at the Hilton great stay.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1660-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent location and food.,"Stayed here a few times and always happy to return. Situated in a great location. extremely friendly and helpful staff. Very comfortable rooms . Perfect area, close to good restaurants and also easy walking distance to  Millennium and Tower Bridge.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Service w/ a smile and biscuits! ,"My husband and I recently spent 3 days, 2 nights at the London Hilton Bankside and we loved it. Things we loved about it include:  THE ROOM • We received an automatic upgrade upon arrival to a king suite.   • The room was clean, modern and spacious for European standards.   • The bathroom was large and well stocked with toiletries for two people. This was important to us since we traveled very light.   SERVICE/STAFF • We arrived late (11:00 pm) the first night and ordered room service which only took 15 min to arrived.   • Every staff member we encountered was friendly and accommodating.  FOOD • As HH gold members, breakfast was included in our stay however I would recommend that if it is not included you should still partake. Great variety of options... pastries, made to order…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Hotel, great location","The Hotel is in a great location close to Tate Modern and only few minutes to the bank and beautiful millennium bridge. The staff are very friendly, breakfast is really great and you have lots of options to choose from, lovely chefs, great pool and equipped gym. The room is a bit dark but feels lovely with fantastic beds and pillows.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Conference and lunch,"Attended a works conference in this smart modern hotel. The conference facilities were very good, and lunch in the restaurant was excellent. I did find the layout a little confusing and the signage not clear, but these were minor points.",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Smart, contemporary hotel, foyer had a lovely welcoming aroma.  Efficient staff. Spacious room with large comfortable bed, plenty storage, comfy seating area.  Large bathroom with luxurious shower.  Bed turned down, with slippers and water left out each evening.  Enjoyed use of the modern stylish pool.  We had room only so can't comment on the food.  We had a nice cocktail in the Distillery Bar, thought not inexpensive.  There is a Tesco and Sainsburys practically next door.  Also Franks. cafe does a fabulous inexpensive breakfast. Nice touch to have wine glasses in the room.  Great location for Southbank, Borough Market, Tate Modern.  Short walk to Southwark tube station.  Would definitely stay here again",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1665-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Stayed on a Saturday night with another couple. Hotel impressive when you walk in, quick check-in and our rooms provided access to the Executive Lounge, as our rooms weren't ready our bags were held and we were given immediate access to the Executive Lounge which was nice. Rooms nicely decorated, nice bathroom with great shower (love the concrete shower base) with a lovely comfy kingsize bed with good quality bedding.  Executive Lounge again nicely decorated with great selection of drinks and snacks. We had breakfast there in the morning and nothing was too much trouble - 3 off us requested different styles of eggs all all made fresh to order without any problem.   When we got back to our room after a great day we had complimentary fruit, the bed has been turned down with mats…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Faultless!,"I stay here fairly often and I have to say that from the moment I walk through the revolving doors, I start to chill out. The aromatherapy style scent that greets you starts the relaxation, and I find the smartly dressed staff are, without exception, excellent. Whoever runs this place really knows about service. Every room I've been has been good - very comfy beds, and everything just works - and it's really quiet: I've hardly ever heard noise from outside or even the corridors.  I'm not taken to excessive praise, but this place really seems to have got it right. It just works, and well. Through work I get to choose from perhaps 8 similarly priced hotels in the area - this one actually being the longest walk from work - but it's the one I go for every time.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday surprise for husbands 50th!,"This hotel is amazing. From the moment you arrive the service is outstanding. I had booked a King Junior Suite as a surprise for my husbands 50th birthday. I checked in using their app so on arrival we simply signed for the key for the room. The room was by far the best we have stayed in before and we have stayed in lots! The Hilton think of everything and that is reflected in the add ons in the room. (Moisturisers, nail files, toiletries, mini bar, slippers, dressing gowns, hair dryer). The wardrobe had lights that came on when opened and mirrors built inside the doors. The room had a sofa and table area as well as a workspace if needed. The view was probably the only slight disappointment as it faced inside to a internal court area however we were busy enjoying London to dwell…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Smart hotel - couple of problems,A good but brief stay overnight in this hotel - room only so can't comment on breakfast or other meals.  Smart foyer.  Efficient and polite reception.  Good wide modern corridors. Had a King room facing inwards to the open courtyard.  Very comfy bed.  Almost two much duvet.  Air con that actually works.  Nice big TV.  Lots of storage.  Smart modern en-suite with a shower.  Check out quick.  Two negatives.  First some big clumps of hair in the shower.  The shower was otherwise immaculate so it clearly had been cleaned. Perhaps housekeeping was shedding big tuffs of hair?  Secondly there was a sign saying that I was welcome to engulfed in snacks and non-alcoholic drinks from the fridge.  The fridge contained just two bottles of water.  No snacks or non-alcoholic drinks (except for…,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent quality,"Classy hotel and an excellent experience from first to last. Staff on front desk were very professional and there was evident management oversight taking in a close interest in service levels. Rooms are very well finished - about the only downside being no view, other than flat internal roof. The Distillery is an excellent bar with quality drinks offering (not inexpensive though) and very attentive and well presented staff. The restaurant OXBO was first class - independent restaurant quality rather than typical ""hotel fare"".Restaurant was just as good for breakfast with a wide choice including extensive range of breads and pastries. Although this time it was for business I'd certainly come back for a private trip.",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1670-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stopover after night out in London,Its all you'd expect from a Hilton.  The room is a tastefully decorated box with just enough stuff in it to keep you interested for the 5 minutes you wait between turns in the bathroom.   I use the quality of the shower as a gauge of quality. Therefore this was great - loads of power through the temperature range and a large wide head. Slight downside was that the bath was slightly slippery - enough to cause caution but not fear. Always good.  The bed was good if you like bundles of soft billowy duvet and pillows. It was comfortable. The ac was quiet enough although did not drop below 18c. Blackout curtains were great too. There was no street or train noise either. We had the executive double which meant King size bed.  Mini bar was a bit disappointing with only three items in…,Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Short trip to London,"A lovely hotel in London. Slightly away from the hustle and bustle of central London, and yet just a stone's throw away.  The room we were in was upgraded and was excellent value for money. It was large, with an additional bed, ideal for a family with kids. The reception was grand, the staff friendly, and yet the security was tight. Excellence defines the hotel in every way.   The executive lounge breakfast was great, and the made-to-order omelette was as if my mom was in the kitchen. Kudos to he chef to understand exactly what the patron wants. The croissants were fresh, and the coffee, though by the machine, was very good as well.  I would like to think of issues, and can come up with nothing except that parking was an issue, just like any hotel in central London.  Overall, an…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top notch despite minor hiccups,"As told many times before, some 600 yards from the Southwark tube station.  Very courteous staff at front desk and concierge. A new building, now about one year in age, so the premises and rooms are pristine order. Large rooms. Very comfortable beds and linen. Very good sound insulation in the rooms. For Diamond Guests, also amenities such as chocolate bars, gum bears, peanuts and soft drinks offered complimentary. And a treat from the Chef (apples, strawberries, etc. according to season waiting on the table in the evening). Turn down service also offered.  There are usually very courteous staff in the exec lounge, which - unfortunately - has very limited opening hours, not suiting the business traveler. The staff are very good to remember recurrent visitors! Sometimes drink…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic new hotel, as Hilton's should be!!","Was really impressed with this new concept that Hilton have created. Very cool contemporary styled hotel with fabulous bar and restaurant. Te rooms are very cool, great bathrooms and very helpful staff. Location is great too and easy to access all of London via foot, Public or private travel.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding,"Stayed for one night, so impressed! Really different, the rooms and lobby areas are fantastic. Excellent breakfast and free drinks on arrival. The staff, however, were amazing. Totally went out of their way to be friendly and make our stay special. Highly recommended. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1675-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,Lovely hotel in a great location just off the South Bank in London.  Very convenient to Southwark tube station.  Rooms are of a very high standard and the general décor and ambience are excellent.   The reception staff were courteous and helpful.,Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
1680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Small(er) and Unique, Felt More Like Home","Stayed here on business for an average rate of 205GBP ($280) per night as a Diamond Hhonors member. Received an ""upgraded"" room on 3rd floor (nice big windows, small side reading room) and access to the Executive Lounge (on the ground floor). More than anything else, I think 3 things are critical to hotel stays - Location, Sleep, and Shower.  LOCATION: 5/5 This is a great location. You can hold your breath and be inside the Tate Modern, slightly farther to the Shakespeare Globe, very close to the Bankside attractions, Southwark Cathedral and Borough Market, nice easy walk across the Millenium Bridge to St. Paul's Cathedral.  A Tesco's and other grocery/ convenience stores are right nearby for snacks, as well as multiple restaurants and pubs.  GOOD SLEEP: 5/5 Great bedding, nice…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best hotels I stayed in,Hotel location is very good. The facilities are top. The room is very clean and comfortable. The staff is amazing as a world frequent traveler this is one of the best hotels I stayed in. The indoor swimming pool is a value added to this lovely hotel,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overall beautiful hotel,"As you'd expect with a Hilton, the overall quality and experience was great. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and the hotel interior is beautiful and spotless, the room included.  My only small complaint was the strange lighting set up. The main switch (which also strangely seemed to turn on the lights above the window) must be on in order to turn the bathroom light on. This meant that any middle-of-the-night toilet trip by my husband woke me up to a bright light as the whole room illuminated, not just the bathroom.  Also the Edison bulb on my side of the bed was extremely flickery and emitted a high pitched humming that meant I had to try and switch it off, again having to decipher the 4 different switches next to the bed.  Other than that, extremely happy with the our…",Date of stay: October 2016,4.0
1683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great business stay in London at Hilton Bankside,I could not rate this hotel any more highly. The beds are the best. The room is spotless and the bathroom luxurious. The staff are brilliant too. At the bar a chap called andy took very good care of me and throughout my stay the quality of service and level of attention was second to none. The food was top notch and you need to give this hotel a try!!,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1680-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Clean, modern hotel","The London Bankside hotel was chosen due to the very convenient location close to a client's office and was a very nice hotel. Clean, friendly and updated were all positives about it. I thought there were places in the hotel that tried to be too modern, though, and left things hard to figure out. The lights had to be turned on with your room key and you couldn't have just the bathroom light on - inconvenient for others sleeping! The shower was just a room with a drain in the ground.   The only real pain point was that the complimentary wi-fi never stayed connected and i was constantly trying to reconnect, which is frustrating when on business.   Overall the hotel seems pricey for what you get, but it is a nice place to stay when in London.",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing!!!,"Booked a suite here for a birthday, we were only meant to stay for two nights but ended up booking a third because we couldn't bare to leave! Everything was absolutely perfect, the decor, the food and in particular the staff in the bar to the right of reception. I have stayed in lots of hiltons over the years and this one is right up there! ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
1686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,MINI CAB RIP OFF..,"had a nice lunch with a client all good... BUT when it came to leave... ask concierge for a TAXI... but no... a [private hire ]MINI cab turns up....  charging my client £40.00 for a ride that IN A TAXI.. would only cost about £18.00 /£20.00/ saying he has to pay the hotel porter for work.... so...is this hotel letting its ""guests"" get RIPPED OFF...or is it part of the scam... wont be back... if you go...GET A REAL LONDON TAXI...your self if needed..",Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
1687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Stay,"From the moment we began our stay until it was finished everything was a great experience.  My Hilton status was recognized and we were upgraded to an Executive Room.  The Executive Lounge was fantastic and the room also included daily breakfast in the hotel restaurant which was great.  The Executive Level also included other perks I have not seen elsewhere such as free Mini-Bar (with the exception of alcohol).  When we entered the hotel, we were greeted and checked in by Per Granstrom (Reception Manager) who was exceptionally helpful throughout our entire stay.  All other staff we encountered were also very polite, smiled, and always greeted you or smiled, etc as you walked by.  We did not make use of the gym, but the pool area is fantastic.  Of note to hotel management, when…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay. Great property and staff,"This is a very nice, modern Hilton with friendly, attentive staff. Ideally located for the Southbank the rooms are great, stylish and very comfortable. Check-in was fast and staff friendly. No problems with the room which was of a very high quality. Good Hilton breakfast and then quick, hassle-free check-out. Will look forward to staying again.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1685-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous overnight stay,"This was one of the nicest hotels we have stayed in. From a fabulous greeting from Anthony at reception, to the minute we left. The hotel staff were attentive, professional and happy! The pool was actually a pleasure to get into,really warm. The bed was amazingly comfortable and the food was superb. Wanted to stay another night. Highly recommend this hotel. We will definitely be back.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great business trip,I stayed here for an awards ceremony with work and it was fantastic. From arrival to departure the staff were so helpful and friendly and the hotel is impeccable.  Keep an eye out for the wolf figurines dotted around the hotel!,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great place! Great management,Went to Borough market during my week in London and this was a surprise found.  The bar is pretty cool and the waiters are willing to create any cocktail you want according with your spirit preference.  It's worth a visit,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location and terrific restaurant,"For a birthday celebration, we stayed at Bankside for two nights to make a long weekend. The Hilton Bankside is a relatively new hotel located a quiet street, so first impressions were good. It has a contemporary decor but one that is very warm and inviting.  Our allocated room was designed for guests requiring greater accessibility (wider doors, open shower etc) which didn't suit us, and might have prevented another patron taking it, so we called Reception. They sent someone up who initially insisted we needed to take the room, before relenting and offering us one a few floors up. It was a slightly unnecessary episode really; assuming the majority of the rooms are the same, and there are some free, it would have been easier to immediately offer us an alternative - we hadn't…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
1693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Anniversary surprise ,"My husband booked this hotel for our anniversary as we went to the British museum to see the Egyptian sunken cities. The staff and hotel and our room where excellent, I would definitely be back again and recommend this hotel. We have stayed in many hotels all over the world and I would give this hotel a overall rating of 10 ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1690-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside,"a great hotel with fantastic service, lovely rooms, fab bar and an amazing breakfast. Very modern interior which was very cosy. Good location short walk from Blackfriars station and close to Borough market, Tate modern, The Globe and more. Will stay again!",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Whirlwind visit - service, service, service - great modern fragrant hotel!","Three ladies on a whirlwind birthday trip - I rang the hotel prior to arrival to inform them of my friend's special birthday visit as the hotel had been booked by an agent on our behalf - all three of us sharing the same room. Reservations clerk explained we had access to Executive Lounge (part of the room type reserved) and that the sofa would be made up for the third person.  She then passed me onto I believe Anneka? who was absolutely brilliant.  She explained all the extras we could have including afternoon tea, pre-dinner drinks and canapes and breakfast in the morning.  She also told me she would place a card wishing our friend a happy 50th. On arrival the first thing that hit us was the style, modern, spacious and oh so fragrant - the beautiful aroma was divine on such a…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Cracking place to stay. Very nice. ,"Stayed here for 2 nights and was very impressed.   The hotel is modern and looks like it has opened quite recently, with very slick public areas - much better than most of the other hiltons I have stayed at.   I am not sure of the price as this was a work trip, and in guessing it's quite pricey but I would definitely look to stay here again when I am next in London.   I would also suggest booking one of the executive rooms on the 6th /7th floors they are very nice, but even better try give you access to the executive lounge which is one of the nicest lounges I have seen. Free soft drinks and nibbles all day, breakfast in the morning (selection is better in main breakfast area ) and between 6pm and 8pm there are free alcoholic drinks and canapés - very nice and can save quite a…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great modern hotel! Spot on,"The hotel is extremely modern and looks fantastic, the service was great. I was there on business and could fault nothing except the truly extortionate drinks prices at the bar. The room was well appointed with everything (Although an ironing board would have been great) of a high standard. A large comfy bed a luxurious shower and a modern TV with a decent range of channels. There was an iron & a hair dryer as well as complimentary toiletries which was all good.  I had the breakfast which was very good. All staff were polite and friendly at all times and felt a valued guest.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice new hotel,"Nice hotel, I basically love anything new.  It is a business trip and I don't get time to use the pool or gym as I have early meetings and late dinners.  I like the room, square and not of a funny shape or pillar. Free beverages in the mini bar.  Only funny thing is the bed sheets made sounds like I am sleeping on plastic. Found out it is the mattress protector, I strip it away and then it was fine. Hotel probably chose something semi-water proof to protect the mattress, but trust me, very uncomfortable. The pillows made the same sounds but luckily for me, I brought my own pillow.  I forgot my toothbrush and toothpaste, asked housekeeping for a dental kit, called them again after 15 min of waiting then it arrived.  On the day I am checking out, I decided to have breakfast. I was…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1695-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay and impeccable customer service,"Stayed here for 3 nights on business. Big king guest room with the most heavenly beddings. Big bathroom with sufficient shelf and counter space.  Plenty of workspace with outlets for UK and US--big plus in my book. Coffeemaker, shortbread, water, juice and soda available in the room and provided free of charge.   Entire hotel is spotless with very nice exercise and pool facilities. Food was excellent too for dinner, as well as the expansive breakfast buffet. Close to the underground and in walking distance to Borough Market, Tate Modern, Globe theatre and the harbor.   If I have one beef, there's no outlet in the bathroom for a hair dryer.  It was a real pain to fix one's hair using the floor length mirror in the room closet.    Check in was swift and smooth. Everyone goes out…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel & staff,"Beautiful modern hotel with great amenities. My room was spacious with a king bed, sofa, desk & bureau (in which hides a mini fridge with bottled water in one ""drawer"" and a electric tea kettle with teas, coffees, mugs, glasses & a corkscrew in another ""drawer""). Good-sized closet, luggage rack, and cabinet with shelves. Hairdryer, iron & ironing board. Good-sized bathroom with lit makeup mirror and large shower. The one time I needed something from housekeeping, it arrived within a few minutes.   Staff in the lobby, bar and breakfast area were all very professional but friendly if you chatted with them. I grabbed a sandwich & beer in the bar my first day which was very good & staff made me feel very welcome (not always the case for women traveling alone). Stopped in there for a…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, okay location","Great hotel and amenities and friendly staff. Comfortable beds with very dark blackout blinds. Very quite, nice swimming pool - I would however say that it is a bit of a walk from the closet tube stops - but not a big deal.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Some aspects were disappointing,Great location and good welcome on arrival. Rooms are nicely appointed although decor a bit dark. However we found we were missing a bath towel and then the hairdryer. On each occasion the service to deliver was slow although he was a nice man. When getting back to the hotel at midnight 30 on a Saturday evening the bar was closing so only drinks in room. We had no choice but the waiter did not seem to understand a simple order of 3 drinks and very slow. No bottle opener in the room so he had to fetch one. For the price paid and the feel of the hotel these elements are poor and let the experience down badly. They also need to position a mirror for hair drying near dressing table- not having to stand by wardrobe. The beds are super comfy and it was very quiet. A shame that these…,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
1703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent and quality,A truly exceptional visit! Excellent food and service that was second to none. The bed was like sleeping on a marshmallow! The staff couldn't do enough for you and the breakfast had everything you could want and more besides! ,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1700-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Should be a top hotel, but some minor quibbles....","Conveniently located 5 mins walk from Tate Modern and the Globe and about 10 mins from Southwark tube station.  This is a modern hotel that is billed on the booking websites as 5-star (although to be fair we paid 4-star prices).  Large and tastefully decorated with large public areas (reception, bars, restaurant etc) and immaculate rooms. A good size for Central London, spotless, and comfortable with a huge bed, clever fridge and lots of hanging and cupboard space.  Slippers, robes and lots of towels supplied.  The attitude of the staff at reception was helpful.    Bearing in mind that we paid about £210 per night, | would have rated it excellent (5-star) but from some quibbles.  The room was cold.  Even with the thermostat at 21C (which is a lot warmer than I would normally set…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb hotel while in London on business,"I travel weekly to London, however this was my first stay at this hotel. Having stayed in a number of the other Hiltons, I thought this one was excellent. Rooms are large and very modern with all of the usual features you would expect. A nice touch is that the hotel provides a fridge full of complimentary soft drinks (water, coke, orange juice etc.). I was particularly impressed with the gym and spa facilities. Gym is open 24/7 which is great to accommodate those late night or early morning workouts. No sauna when I was there, however understand one is being built and due to open very soon. Location was excellent for the clients I needed to visit as short walk to Bank, Monument, Holborn etc.  Definitely planning my next trip there.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotels in a great location,The hotel is very easy to reach by tube or bus. The lobby is very chic and welcoming.  Interior is tasteful. Our room was quite roomy for a London hotel room. The bathroom too. I loved the shower. Breakfast is a buffet with everything you could ask for. The Tate Modern is just around the corner. I hope I can go back,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel!,"This hotel is great! It is very clean, has great rooms and great fitness room. The is always very helpful and smiling. The location is great and just 5 minutes walk to the underground. There are many nice restaurants in the neighbourhood and Tate Modern is just 1 minute away.",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another great stay. ,"I've just returned from another great stay at the Hilton Bankside and the staff are just as friendly, courteous and helpful as I remember and the beds just as comfortable. The location really is fabulous, although I would add about 5 minutes to the in room guide to local attractions, Borough Market is more like a 10-12 minute walk than the 5 minutes they predict. And the Tate Modern about 7-8 minutes (if you go there check out the viewing gallery on the 10th floor, it's free and gives you a great view of the river, St Pauls and The Shard)   The bar continues to be a wonderful place to relax at the end of day wandering around London, I had to decline the free popcorn I was offered due to allergies so the waitress was very accommodating and found me an alternative.   I think I've…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1705-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","Brilliant hotel!   Beds incredibly comfy, rooms very quiet, staff were lovely and friendly, amazing location (literally walk out the hotel turn left and the Tate modern is in front of you).  Could not fault it! Will come back again. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Care about ethics and customer service? Don't stay here!!!,"Wish I read the other negative reviews before booking this hotel as I can definitely agree with other customers who experienced an additional money grab and rude staff.   To the Hilton; customer service should not be comprised of a bunch of programmed androids spouting off the corporate policies;  completely devoid of empathy and inflexible to the point of alienating loyal customers.  I booked this hotel 6 months in advance. Read the terms carefully, stating children could stay free with adults in existing beds. Arrived after 20 hours of travel and jet lag to be told that we couldn't stay in a twin room unless we paid an additional £70 PER NIGHT!!! Why? ""Hotel Policy"".  One child can stay with 2 adults in a room with 2 twin beds, but not two kids...absolutely not logical??? …",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
1711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wedding Anniversary,"Arrived at this hotel so the room wasn't yet ready. The staff were excellent with letting us know when the room would be sorted and taking our bags so we could head out. Upon return we headed to the room, it was great. We had been left a rather nice fruit desert/cake with ""Happy Anniversary"" on it, a real nice touch. The king size bed had the most comfortable mattress topper i have ever slept on, it was that good that within three days of being home my wife had bought one! The location is great, 5 min walk to the south bank which has a real good feel about it compared to the north of the river, more laid back. The bathroom was huge with a fabulous shower. Breakfast was also very good, it kept us going all day. Would i use this hotel again? In a heartbeat.......Thank you Hilton…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Go elsewhere if HiltonHonors Gold Member ,"I booked a delux room for £400 for one night and contacted the hotel in advance, specifically asking for a king not a twin room, as my booking did not specify a bed type.  At check in I was informed no King beds were available, despite specifically asking for this.  I was however offered to PAY for an upgrade to an Executive Room. I pointed out that as a Gold card holder I am entitled to a free upgrade to the next room level (if there is availability), which clearly there was as I was just offered to pay for it!   I was then informed by Ana, Guest Relations Manager that the Exec lounge is very busy and so my room couldn't be upgraded in a complimentary way. So an Exec room (and lounge access) was available if you paid extra, like for any customer - but not so if you wanted one…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
1713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel in truly buzzing part of town,"Brand new hotel, with some good weekend offers. Right by the Tate modern and with a huge variety of local shops & restaurants. Rooms are very nice and spacious with a modern, sleek design. Highly recommended",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1710-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good business hotel ,"Good business hotel - wifi was much better than other London Hilton's I've stayed at (Waldorf, Hilton Tower Bridge). Quite convenient if you need to be on the other side of the river. Gym can get crowded in the morning - only 3 treadmills. Nice executive lounge. Very helpful staff. ",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location on the over side of the River,"Me and my Fiancée stayed at this hotel for 1 night for my birthday. The location of the hotel with out Google map or any maps would be a bit hard to find, but with maps its a piece of cake.   Hint:(Landmarks near- behind tate modern next to sainsburys and tesco)  Arrive: The hotel lobby has excellent decor and very modern, All staff were friendly and said ""Hello"" and asked us if we wanted help. Checking in was quick, however we arrived at 12pm and check-in was 14:00pm. we were offered a room that was ready but had to paid £50 more, it was a bigger room and came with a complimentary mini bar.  Room (356): Good Key card system, key card was needed to use the lift and the room. The Room was big but the window was small and over looked the street below (was advised there is a view…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"We recently stayed at the Hilton London Bankside and it restored our faith in the chain after our last couple of experiences. The staff were fantastic, and this was especially true in the executive lounge.  The restaurant on site was very good and the price was as expected. ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel and staff can't do enough!,"City break with my partner made special by the fabulous staff at this hotel.  Nothing is too much trouble.  Valet parking brilliant. Service second to none.  Food a tad pricey and 2 coffees at £9 in small cups a little much but all in all a great hotel and good location.  If you like to be waited on, this is the place.  All worth it with staff like this! :)  ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, wonderful location","If you have already done all the standard tourist attractions, Bankside is a great new place to explore from the Hilton. Walk to the Tate Modern, the Shakespeare Globe Theatre, London Bridge, Borough Market and the walkway along the Thames. The hotel is clean and modern. Staff is most helpful and breakfast is abundant ",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
1719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1715-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great price for a Hilton brand...","I stayed at the Hilton London Bankside for 8 nights from mid-June for a holiday in London. The hotel itself is relatively new (opened late 2015) and thus is in impeccable condition. We stayed in a normal guest room and the room had all the necessary amenities and there was even a turn-down service in the evenings.  -Hotel staff were very competent, from the concierge team to the restaurant team. -Gym and pool are sufficient for a good workout. -I only had breakfast twice at the hotel and there was a good spread. Being vegetarian it's somewhat to tricky to indulge in the spread however the Chef (Chef Royston) went out of his way to prepare specially made meals. Much appreciated! -With regards to location this hotel is great. We walked to the Shard, Tate Modern, Shakespeare's…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice hotel,Stayed 3 nights and it was a great experience. The room was large and extremely nice. There was strictly no view besides a brick wall 3 meters from the window but the benefit being that the room was totally quite which was more important to me being on a business trip. Great staff and nice breakfast. For London it was an amazing value. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Special night away from home,"We got to the hotel very early and our room wasn't ready. The lovely check-in staff offered to call us as soon as the room was ready, so we went to the hotel restaurant for breakfast.  The same check-in staff called while we were still having breakfast and brough our key cards directly to us at the table. When we left the restaurant we realised they have waived the bill because the food took a bit too long to arrive although we didn't complain at all as we were just having a nice relaxing morning and weren't fussed. The staff and services are absolutely excellent. Our room was lovely, possibly the nicest Hilton we have stayed at.  We would like to thank the hotel staff for making our day off a very comfortable one. Will definitely return.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
1722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One night stay,Very modern and funky with a great atmosphere. Self service check in was easy and quick and room had everything you could need Everything in the room is controlled by an iPad including great aircon.  Great breakfast with plenty of hot fresh food as well as a good selection from the continental breakfast  Would definitely recommend a stay if you need somewhere as a base to look around or just for a night ,Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
1723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,quick visit,"Overall excellent, only downside was inferior service in the bar. The overall efficiency & welcoming by the staff was very pleasing. For a London hotel, I would rate it 4+.  The location is excellent, with easy walking access to many attractions, together with ready access to local transportation.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1720-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday Sunday lunch,"Brilliant atmosphere, very friendly staff and great service in the restaurant. The food was excellent. The taster size puddings was a very good idea so you don't have the challenge of having to choose, you can pick anything or everything you fancy. The birthday cake made for me was to die for and a lovely surprise. I would definitely recommend the hotel to friends and family. Jill Raynor",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Quality,The Hilton Bankside was perfectly situated just a few blocks from the Thames.  Accommodations and services exceed our expectations.  Transportation around the city was easily identifiable; buses ran along the adjoining street and with the Southwark tube stop around the corner.  Our next holiday in London will include accommodations by this hotel.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Everything is great,"The hotel is very quiet, and the staff is kindness, patient, and helpful. Hotel is near Southwark underground station,  traffic is convenient. I have stayed for have experience a great tour in London, especially in Hilton bankside hotel.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Paul from Australia ;;staff so lovely and helpful, A very pleasant stay after a long journey.Staff were able to do early entry without me asking.The room was excellent ;clean and pleasant.Staff without fail were always pleasant and very helpful.i thoroughly recommend this hotel .I booked through Flightcentre.Great deal  ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"We stay at Hilton brand hotels a lot, in various countries, and this has to be by far the best. The whole hotel has a great atmosphere from its distinct design to its very helpful staff. We enjoyed several cocktails in the bar and also made use of the executive lounge which is also very good and is open for breakfast and from 6pm-10pm. We will most likely stay here whenever we are in London in the future!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1725-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Pristine Quality,"My partner and I did a quick weekend get-away for our 3 year anniversary and we saw that they had lower-than-average prices for their junior suites. We jumped on the deal... and we're overwhelmingly happy we did!  This hotel knows quality, customer service, and excellence. The concierge asked about our experience at the play from the night before (they remembered) and they gave us a brief and informative introduction to the hotel when we checked in. It was great knowing what extra amenities we received per our booking.  We were blown away by the room and wish we could have the shower and bathroom for our own house! Additionally, the little extras in the room were the ""cherry on top"". Lastly, the decor, selection, and service for the breakfast bar was superb.  If you're looking…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Incredible time,"We stayed at the hotel over a long weekend in July. The hotel is new and very modern. The location is very central. There is a subway station close by. You can walk to the Tate modern and the Millennium bridge. You can also walk to the tower bridge and the London eye. Our room was modern and clean. The rainbow shower was great. We only had one window at the room and it were a little bit dark. It was very hot during our stay and the air condition worked very well. It was very convenient that the mini bar was free of charge. The crew was very friendly and helpful, but sometimes it seems to be that there where not enough service members to manage the crowd. The breakfast had wide variety. We will definitely come back.   ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Everything was great but especially the beds,  fantastic nights sleep.  You feel like you're floating!  The Oxbo restaurant is amazing,  especially if you sit near the restaurant kitchen like we did.  Food is top notch! ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"Just back from two nights in London where we stayed at this hotel.   There was some confusion on our arrival with regards the room we had booked but the delightful receptionist Evi, dealt with it brilliantly and we were off to an excellent start!  Room was really nice and well appointed. This is a newly built Hilton and is in top condition. Facilities also excellent. There is a small gym and a beautiful indoor swimming pool in the basement which we used several times.   Location is perfect and we didn't use a cab/tube at all. Everything we wanted to see is within walking distance esp the river paths and this really is an excellent base from which to explore central London.   We didn't eat at the hotel in the evening but breakfast was a triumph. Worthy of special note is the…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"Stayed here last weekend for 2 nights.  Hotel was spotless, breakfast was good too. All the staff in the hotel are eager to assist and are very helpful.   This hotel was in a good place, we walked around London rather that using the buses or underground but if you wanted they are close by.  The rooms are big but if you want London views you need to stay on the higher floors, we could see st Paul's from our room :) 6th floor.  Great hotel and I would stay again if I could.  Thanks to all the staff.  ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1730-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful experience,"Excellent facilities, staff, location and overall experience. All staff were very professional, friendly and keen to make us feel special. Room was beautiful, modern and comfortable. Lovely restaurant and pool facilities. 10/10",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful and Refreshing Hilton,"One of the Best Hiltons we ever stayed in. Well appointed rooms, Upbeat Lobby, Marble and Wood surrounding you. The staff were ALL Friendly and Very Helpful. We were offered an upgrade to the Executive room and Lounge for a fee. So glad we went with the upgrade. Well worth the money. First time in Bankside and will return again to Hilton Bankside. Great area, lots of restaurants, pubs and stores. Tube stations within a few minutes walk.  Plenty of good food and drinks inside the hotel. Must stay here. You will not be disappointed.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb service ,"I have stayed in a number of hotels across London, UK and the world and I have never received the quality of service my son and I received at Hilton bankside.  It was absolutely superb from the moment we arrived till we left.  All staff were attentive and so smiley - it was a total pleasure to be there and will definitely return! ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Definitely one of the best Hiltons,"I've stayed in quite a few recently and found the standard very mixed. This one was very good.  Great location that i had previously passed over. 10 min to tubes both Jubilee and Circle and District lines. Plenty of taxis. Smart area s much better than a few years ago. Plenty of convenience stores and chain cafes around, Leon, Pret etc. 5 mins from Tate Modern.  Staff were outstanding, so friendly and helpful. At all times of day and night. Restaurant as still open at 11pm which was great. Bar was showing the Olympics, discreetly and a reasonable outside seating area. As you would expect Thursday night was very busy, and Friday and Saturday much quieter as business people are not evident.  Room was very spacious, even big, comfortable bed, good shower, wifi worked. A bit…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Unexpectedly great!,"Stayed here for a couple of nights as they had a huge special. I thought it would be cheap and cheerful but was surprised to find a new hotel on par with top Hilton standards. Service was right, hotel was clean and rooms were large. No real view, but walking distance to the Southbanks. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1735-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Upbeat and Trendy,"Upbeat new hotel in a trendy corner of central London now transformed from an industrial past to a somewhat gentrified mix of shiny glass offices and apartments amongst the now cleansed Victorian era  railway ducts.   It shares an address with the hip Gordon Ramsey restaurant and the like.  I treated myself to a paid suite upgrade , so had a fantastic room. The executive lounge was superb - not an afterthought like some properties , but a genuinely pleasant place to spend an hour or two. Not too over crowded and the complimentary buffet was superb.   Didn't use the gym , but it looked more than adequate.   I would definitely return - it's a little walk to Waterloo and not that convenient for my current client , but it surpassed all expectations  ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and location,"The Hilton Bankside is a very nice property, in a great location. Tate Modern is across the street, as are many cafes, bars. Feels a bit like a boutique hotel. Excellent service at concierge and reception.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel,"Stayed here for 5 nights and was very impressed. The lady who checked me in was so friendly and welcoming, all you could ask for as a first impression. I'm just disappointed I didn't catch her name! (Sunday 14th August).   The rooms were so clean and spacious, everything we needed for our week away, and five minutes from the tube. Housekeeping were wonderful and I can't praise them enough.   The breakfast hostess was welcoming and friendly each morning and everyone I came in contact said hello or good morning which makes all the difference!   I hope to return the next time I'm in London. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel. Bit further away from everything than you may think,"This is a typical Hilton with excellent service, plentiful and varied breakfast and restaurant facilities, a lovely pool and gym, and the room was very clean with high quality furnishings and fixtures. However, since it is called ""Bankside"", I kind of expected it to be on the bank of the Thames. It isn't. Plus, it is a good half an hour / 45 minute walk to the main throng of London. We weren't using the Tube on this particular trip, and the walk was a little than I had planned for. From Waterloo, it is a walk along the South Bank, past the OXO building and behind Blackfriars Bridge and station. So this hotel is not quite where I expected it to be, that is the negative I have about this hotel.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing property,"A great property. The staff extremely friendly and professional. Our suite was stunning: modern, very clean and extremely comfortable. The breakfast delicious. The location was excellent, walking distance to tubes, buses, shopping and more. We will definitely be back!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1740-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great gem of a hotel in fab location,"Great spot close to Thames, lovely décor and interior in very new hotel.  Bedrooms were lovely and had all the essentials you need.  breakfast was plentiful and enjoyable. the only small niggle was that we were unable to get a drink after 11pm which was annoying (especially as the barman just let us stand there for about 10 minutes without bothering to advise us of this fact)",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Perfect location for Tate Modern, Globe and great restaurants","Staff was wonderful, loved the safe neighborhood, great location within short  walking distance to Tate, Shakespeare's Globe and waterfront dining options. Staff was wonderful. Really beautiful modern, quiet clean rooms. Will definitely stay there again. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Sam's Hen-Do - Fantastic Day,We had 25 Ladies for my friends Hen Do Lunch - The food was amazing - All you could eat and flowing Presecco for 2 hours - Desserts was so yummy and Sweeties too - The lunch was £40.00 each - But worth every penny - We had helpful staff and lovely music playing by an up and coming young guatarist - The Hotel was Beautiful and I would recommend this for Ladies getting together for small parties and Lunches - Loved the Ladies room - 9/10 for me - We shall return - Beautiful Resturant - Thank you - Jilly xx,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel for birthday celebration,"I booked this hotel for the night for a birthday celebration. Definitely 5* throughout the whole hotel. We weren't disappointed in the slightest. Polite, smartly-dressed and helpful staff. Large, clean rooms with comfy beds. Breakfast had a large variety and food was delicious. Would definitely recommend and stay again.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,7 stars hotel,"Super super super nice staff, friendly and always ready to well organize everything... We really enjoyed, special thanks to Peer who made my son birthday wonderful...Also very good restaurant inside restaurant so if you are tired of all day visiting London that would be right choice... We been only 1 time at swimming pool, very nice and relaxing... Also Gym super modern ...thank you Hilton hotel , we really enjoyed our vacation and next time when we are at London it will be for sure Hilton bankside ...",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1745-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good hotel but disappointing staff,Great hotel with great facilities. Good clean rooms with nice decorations. However we accidentally broke a mirror on the last day and got charged 130 even though we had paid a deposit! We eventually got the price down the 65 however it turned out to be a 300 pound hotel stay which was a lot of money! Was a shame it had to end like this especially for a nice birthday break but except that was a great hotel. ,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely great ,This hotel really is magnificent.   5 stars in every way.  Rooms spacious.  With being a hilton gold got a room upgrade and free snacks.  Staff are wonderful and bar is excellent.  Rooms and hotel appear very new.  Location is great.    The best part of this hotel are the beds and the pillows and comforter.  Seriously had great sleep and talk about not wanting to get out of bed.  Will need to ask where the bedding is from.  Unfortunately makes other Hilton hotels not look so good.  Will be back.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Cosy with very helpful staff ,I was there for 5 days during the fasting month and the service was great.   Good in room dining service. They've ensured that my requests for Halal meals are well-attended.   The room was cosy and I can see it being well-tidied each time I got back in the evenings/nights.  Will definitely come here again in my next visit to London.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb in all aspects ,"We booked through booking.com and for 2 nights it was a great location. Tge staff were fantastic, couldn't do enough to help. Our room was spacious, sleek, clean and had everything we needed. The breakfast  (included in our price) was exceptional with everything available! What wasn't there the staff would get- I asked for soya milk. Gluten free options were also available. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would be happy to return in the future? ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Gb 4ever,Good location for traveling around London -excellent professional service from staff-room very comfortable-gym area small but pool good size-several shops in the area-did hop on hop off bus and hotel very convenient to stop,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1750-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,We stayed as part of a family vacation and this hotel was exceptional from start to finish and will be our new home in the city. The addition of a great pool makes this a great retreat with the kids after a long day in London. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great first visit,"We booked this hotel mainly due to its location. It turned out to be a very good choice. Friendly, helpful staff who went out of their way to make sure we enjoyed our visit and our room was very comfortable.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Newest hotel in London with a great location!,"Let's start with the fact that the hotel is NEW (built in October 2015)!! Buildings in London are old and this place is modern and chic. Great location near Southwark station, London Bridge, and the Shard. Hotel staff is very accommodating and friendly. Rooms are very clean and the breakfast was delicious with a nice variety of foods. They even provide turndown services and offer room service for breakfast. The only downfall is that the hotel is only has 7 floors and is surrounded by tall buildings, so most rooms don't have nice views.",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fresh, modern and spacious hotel - a true delight","This hotel has very spacious rooms (30 sqm) as standard with plenty of room to move around.  Very modern appearance and furnishings (you'd hope so being built in 2016), incredibly comfortable beds & linen with over-all great service.  Though in a business district, would be fantastic for business or leisure stays -- peak business periods and short notice bookings can be a little expensive, but outside of the business week or in advance the rates are surprisingly low for the quality.  Breakfast offering is pretty good with cooked and cold options, pancakes & omelettes on demand and a large selection of pastries.  Can be a little expensive one-off though, so look to get a breakfast inclusive rate which can work out much cheaper.  Two minor complaints, first the cost of room…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,5 Star Service,"So what makes a 5* hotel?    Well all the usual things: location, location, location, clean modern rooms with deliciously comfy beds; great wet room bathroom with rain shower; luxury toiletries; plush towels; complimentary items in the fridge; staff that smile and make sure your stay is fabulous - like Happy Anniversary card and cake to share; fresh milk brought up in minutes for in-room coffee and tea; well stocked and beautifully decorated Executive Lounge... Need I go on???  We will definitely be back Hilton London Bankside!!!  Thanks for making our 24th Wedding Anniversary truly wonderful!!!!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1755-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Was excellent ,"We had a 1 bedroom suite on the executive floor - 7th fl- that was great because we essentially had two bedrooms but not expensive - definitely worth it - all non alcoholic stuff from minibar free plus a special executive cafe/lounge near the main oxbo restaurant where they had virtually unlimited drinks, snacks and a separate breakfast if you want - really a beautiful hotel and the neighborhood was open close to the walkway on the Thames and so we liked it way better than marylebone where we stayed last year which was more dense and a bit too close to bustling commerce - this hotel btw is close to a huge farmers market and the London and tower bridges - all walkable - we really liked this place  ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Couldn't be better,"As written in many reviews, the hotel is brand new, with a modern yet elegant vibe. What made the difference to me is the service though. Everyone was super nice and efficient, from the check in to the check out (and a special mention to the cleaning lady).  Most of all they were flexible (a thing that - for instance - I didn't find in the Hilton double tree hotel in Kensington, which denied the same request I made to this hotel and was accepted instead). The executive room means access to the executive lounge for breakfast, afternoon tea and appetizers before dinner: very good quality of food.  The pool is very nice either. I asked to extend my stay but unfortunately they were fully booked (and I understand why).",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,By far the best Hilton we've visited ,"I booked this hotel near Christmas on a last minute deal as a surprise for my boyfriend.  Whilst still quite pricey, especially for mid week London I was not disappointed.  The staff were fantastic and really welcoming and the decor was fab. It's a really modern venue that made us feel at home. The room was really large with all the mod cons and the shower...oh the shower, but it felt homely and welcoming.   The dressing gowns and slippers were also a fantastic and welcomed treat too.  We didn't want to leave.  ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
1762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful stay, amazing staff",The staff here are superb. Per the reception manager is very charming . Rooms are spotless and the beds are comfortable. Air con very efficient. Breakfast very good as is the Exec Lounge Many thanks for a great stay,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Couples break,"This was a little break for a birthday, hotel was lovely for upgraded upon arrival and all staff were very helpful and welcoming, room was very clean and very luxury can't complain about a single thing because the hotel was just perfect excellent location to",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1760-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant,"Excellent location, not far from the tube and close enough to walk to many of the main sites. The hotel is absolutely beautiful and the room and bathroom spotlessly clean, very comfortable bed. The staff made the stay however, from check in staff to the lounge staff to the cleaners all were absolutely lovely and helpful. Would certainly stay again",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great place,We spent last week over there and was very nice time. All team was very kind and always ready to help your requires. Great gin tonics at distillery. Touching modern Tate is very good connected to bank facilities and southwark underground station.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"GREAT ROOM , GREAT LOCATION","We stayed one night mid week in a twin bedded de luxe room. All was superb, comfortable beds, complimentary soft drinks, wi fi if needed, good tv and nice shower room with a great shower, although there was no bath which was a pity. Breakfast was excellent , a wide range of cooked food as well as cold buffet pastries etc.( £20 per person) Serve yourself coffee was poor. The only draw back of the whole experience. The location was superb....near many interesting places for tourists as well as the City, West End and major stations.Staff were helpful and friendly. Our room on the first floor was quiet. We would certainly return if we needed a good place to stay in London,",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"You cannot beat the location, steps from the Globe, the Tate and the Millennium bridge and walking distance from several tube and train stations. The hotel is clean and functional and the rooms are comfortable. Very comfortable. The lighting is a tiny bit dim. The decor is ultra modern and the place is spotless. The bathrooms are very cool. There was no view at all from our room but that was fine. The staff are helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel and great service.,Just back from London and stayed here for 3 nights.This hotel is perfectly situated for getting to all the sights. The staff are very helpful and the breakfast is excellent. The beds are extremely comfy and the rooms are very well equipped. The only quibble that I would have is that the coffee pods were not replenished after we used them on the first night. The heated pool is great yo rrlax in after wslking all day.It was a very pleasant stay. I would definitely stay here again. ,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1765-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel,"2 nights spent here. Was upgraded to an executive room with access to executive lounge. Lovely lounge with very tasty snacks from 18.00-20.00. Room was spotless and beds so comfortable. Nice to have free snacks and non alcoholic drinks from the mini bar. Bathroom is super. Big shower and nice toiletries. All staff very friendly and helpful. Agree with a previous review that the breakfast was not the best I have had. Good cold selection, but I felt that the hot buffet could be improved and it wasn't that hot. Despite this I would stay here again and hope that I can soon!",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for money,"Superb room,breakfast,service,wifi,location.Best stay in London(personal)by far.The subway station was five minutes walk,there was cafe Costa,all day market,restaurands one step from the door and the character of the neighbourhood was very clean and safe.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect location,"Hilton London Bankside is, for us, the perfect location in London. It is with in walking distance of about 90% of what we wanted to see. We were within a short block to the Tate Modern and a good hike to the Tate British. Strand St. was a pleasant walk as was Leicester Sq., National Gallery and in my case Guy's and St. Thomas Emergency ward. Since we are both walkers we would stay there again for sure.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top hotel,"Stayed here last weekend with my son and can honestly say this is a top hotel. Lovely staff, stayed I a deluxe room which was fab. I have stayed at most of the Hilton hotels in London and this is up there with the best of them. Will stay here again on our next visit. ",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Most comfortable, luxurious room we've ever stayed","Absolutely gorgeous, modern and comfortable room. We stayed in 6 different hotels on our trip and this one by far outdid the other ones in comfort, luxury and service. Great location, quiet and close to public transportation and landmarks.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1770-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Very good, but not quite perfect","I stayed here for a couple of nights at the end of July.   If you're travelling from Southwark tube station, follow the orange lampposts that lead you to the Tate Modern – you'll end up right at the hotel. Blackfriars station is also just a short walk away. There's a Sainsbury's Local right next door and a Tesco Express across the road – perfect if you've forgotten anything or want some late-night snacks!  Check-in was fine and the welcome was warm. I have a blue HHonors membership and this was acknowledged. I was offered a paid upgrade and declined. I didn't realise until I left that Blue members can request a free late check-out. It may well have been declined but I shall bear that in mind. As with the excellent Hilton at Wembley, the smell in the lobby is just beautiful.…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Well located ,"Modern hotel with a good feel. I did not use the facilities but it had a pool and the bar and restaurants looked good. Well located as just behind Tate modern and lots of reasonable places to eat nearby - tend to be more the bigger chains near the Thames and Tate but if you walk the other way you can find some nice smaller ones.   My room disappointed as a corner room of odd shape. I can accept no view but the window shed little light into the room and it just felt dark.  Seemed to be this type of room on every floor. This sways my view of this hotel to average with all other aspects very good. My family had a room on another floor with a view to the Shard, so they were happy!  Staff were polite and attentive. ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,"This hotel is one of the best in London, the staff are really professional and helpful, the hotel is very clean and the scent in the lobby is relaxing.  Rooms are cleaned daily and beds are comfy.  The breakfast buffet is good and has egg cooking station, beans and mushrooms, sausage and beacon ""not halal"", cheese, fruits and bakeries. The hotel is 5 minutes walking from the tube station. In general it was a great stay for me and my family and definitely it will be our hotel in the next holiday in London.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel great location,"If you want a hotel to access the south bank.Borough Market,The Shard,Oxo Tower,Globe are all within 20mins walk.Highly recommended.Cool style,Great service,Good food.The most comfortable bed ever.Go there !",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect hotel,"Wow what an amazing hotel, very modern and an excellent location. The room was fantastic, service excellent and very friendly check in. The bar serving cocktails was lovely! Didn't have breakfast so cannot comment on that. Will definitely return there.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1775-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My favourite hotel in London,"I've been to this hotel more times and I always loved it. It's new, modern and very nice. The gym is well equipped and it also has a pool. They surprised me with something almost every evening - nibbles, a bottle of wine, chocolates, which is very nice of them. They have the best breakfast from all the hotels I have ever visited, even with freshly cooked food from the chefs.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay for anniversary,"3 Night stay at the Bankside, great hotel, had already booked an executive room but was asked if we wanted an upgrade to a junior suite, when I looked it up I don’t think it was any cheaper so not much of an upgrade, however the room was excellent. The hotel was easy to find, we used the tube from Kings cross and got off at Southwalk station which was an easy 5 minutes walk and felt very safe. The room came with complimentary access to the executive lounge with free drinks and snacks for 2 hours each night and breakfast in the morning, the staff were very good and service excellent. Great area for getting around London with easy tube access and only 15 – 20 minutes walk to Covent Garden. A few good pubs around the hotel which we only had time to part explore. Would definitely…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent place to stay - will be glad to come back,"I spent a night here in August 2016 and loved it. This hotel is a real island of comfort and quiet in the middle of the hustle and bustle of London. Check-in was fast and friendly, and the room was the highlight of the stay - well-appointed, very comfortable, and the mattress was super comfortable and great to sleep on. The air con system was top quality. Cleanliness of the room was top quality. The bathroom and shower too were of an excellent quality, although the spotlight shining down on to the toilet was a bit weird, as was the wolf-type statue thing in the bedroom. The hotel has a supermarket next door, which is a welcome one-stop-shop for snacks, toiletries, etc.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Modern hotel with good facilities,"Hilton Bankside is a modern hotel with great facilities. Rooms are well furnished and Executive Lounge has a nice ambience and is very relaxing. We were extended an early check in and high floor room. Breakfast was really good with lots of choice and high quality food. Front desk staff were very friendly and helpfull. Swimming pool was warm and quiet. However stay was not up to par of previous visits. Housekeeping was poor, room was noisy from guest above us at 4am and of roadworks directly outside our bedroom window at 7.45am. Coffee in lounge was from a machine and was undrinkable, no morning newspaper delivered, no water in room and three attempts to get some and various other issues. Will we come back - most definitely. This is a very good Hilton overall, infact it is one of…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great new hotel, hidden gem","I tried this new Hilton and was really impressed. Fantastic service, very personalized, excellent exec lounge and main dining room. Modern clean architecture and design. Big bathroom in a well laid out and easy to use room. Well served by buses and tubes, and an easy walk to many London attractions.  ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1780-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton bankside,Lovely hotel in a very good location the staff were extremely pleasant and helpful all the time you couldn't ask for any more. The only gripe I have personally was prices in the bar which I thought were very expensive and plus a 10% service charge.,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent stay,"we went to London for a birthday treat and were delighted from arrival until departure.  Location excellent and staff fantastic..very friendly and helpful. Restaurant very good with the wonderful services of Matteo, Stefano, Faris and Sarwar. Superb customer service at all times. Beds very comfortable and wonderful shower.  John, Concierge, was so helpful to ensure we seen all that we had wanted to do in in the capital.  Will definitely return to this hotel when next in London..keep up the great work",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"We really liked this hotel very much. It is not in the very center of town, but we were preseantly surprised by the Southbank. There is the Tate Modern 1 minute away from the hotel, lots of great restaurants and cafés (which is good because instead of paying 20 pounds for breakfast we had a croissant and coffee at Paul's), and we also found the bus RV1 about 2 minutes from the hotel which takes you to Covent Garden. The hotel itself is super clean and modern. We faced a wall, but this didn't bother us too much. The service was very efficient, in the morning, and they also came back every evening to prepare the bed and bring a fresh water bottle. We'd definitely book this hotel again!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,hilton,squeaky  bed  kept  me up all night parking  cost parking  double  ..  than walk  down the  road  and park  it  yourself ..  cheaper  staff  wonderful  but  bed and  breakfast let  us  down  .. parking all  day  would  cost  20 pounds  not  40 pounds  at the hilton,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
1788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb location and friendly staff,"This is was my first experience staying at this hotel. I opted for no breakfast as the Borough Market is only a 10-minute walk away where the best fresh food is on. The hotel is new and the rooms are spacious with great calming interior design and nice big windows that allow natiral light to brighten the day. The tube is minutes away and the area is historic, safe and very nice to walk around.",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1785-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent Hotel, Good Location","We were staying in London for a special weekend away, and have stayed in several different Hilton Hotels previously - I'm pleased to say this one lived up to expectations. It's stylish and luxurious, with friendly and helpful staff, and is in a good (and relatively quiet) location, just a short walk from Southwark tube station, Tate Modern and Shakespeare's Globe. We stayed in an executive room, which was great - plenty of space and amenities, including complimentary soft drinks in the fridge. We dined in the OXBO restaurant one night, which was nice, although there wasn't really enough variety in the menu for my liking. But the food was excellent, as was the service. I'd happily stay here again - it's close enough to all the main attractions of central London, but not right in…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel,We had a really great stay in this luxury hotel. The room was very clean and tidy od course and the hotel staff was super friendly. Overall a superbe experience and the price for it is also more than acceptable!,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"We We arrived and got instantly upgraded to an executive room with complimentary soft drinks and snacks all day as well as complimentary afternoon tea and open bar all for £35 upgrade. The staff are really helpful and friendly and very professional. The rooms are new and modern, comfiest beds ever and amazing shower! Just love it all!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside is Money!,"This Hilton in London is EVERYTHING you need for a hotel that is 8 hours flying time away:  - newly renovated and luxurious: rooms, bedding, furniture, bathroom, - EXCELLENT customer service, including doorman, front desk, kitchen staff, housekeeping, - reasonably priced, - close to many things (e.g., Borough Market, Tate Modern, several subway lines, and more), - great restaurants, including very good lunch (Hilton Gold and Diamond included), and a fantastic exec lounge.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Hotel nice, service good but Management lacks customer orientation and vision","The hotel experience was in principle good; The rooms are nicely furnished (though small), bathroom is nice and good amenities in general. I was travelling with my family but also for business. Location is good, close to Tate modern, London bridge, restaurants and bars. Will then explain why the 1 star: I was travelling with a small child (3 yo). She was playing and running in the lobby as most children do when accidentally hit and broke a lamp. The surprise came a couple of weeks later, when in my credit card I found a bill for 50  pounds from Hilton. Unexplained. No email, invoice notice... When inquired the Hotel, they said was the cost for breaking the lamp!  Firs of all, in my opinion this accidents happen and shouldn't be charged to customers (especially kids). Second of…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
1794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1790-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Modern, Clean and in a Great Location.","It ticks almost every box whether travelling on business or leisure.  On the South Bank between Waterloo and London Bridge (near Tate) you are surrounded by the city, with views toward The Shard from some rooms and nearby there are supermarkets / pubs for 'cheap eats' as well as one of Gordon Ramsay's eateries. I mention that because the drinks / food are a little high price in OxBo / Distillery if you are not careless with the pennies.  The Southwark Tube will connect you quickly to the Underground network and is a short walk away, certain guests was call 'cousins' (ahem) will find this too far because it's not actually within six yards but for the rest of the world that equates to about a three minute brisk stroll, five minute walk or twenty minute waddle if a point has to be…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing birthday stay!,"This hotel is everything you would expect from a Hilton hotel. The service and facilities are second to none.   It is well worth paying for the upgraded room to give you complimentary soft drinks and snacks from the mini bar and access to the executive lounge, as well as a nicer room.   We arrived at around 1pm and were able to check in and also had access to refreshments in the executive lounge.   The pool is gorgeous and the gym is what you'd expect from a hotel gym.   The little things really matter at this hotel also, including a turn down service and consistently genuinely helpful staff.  The breakfast has a great selection also including waffles, pancakes and omelettes cooked to order.  Aside from the above, the hotel is in a fantastic location. 5 minute walk from…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant!,"This hotel is truly amazing, the restaurant is spacious and well run, the staff are always friendly and ready to help. The food was delisous which was even better with the 5* service. The hallways were really nice and clean then getting into the room I was amazed, the bathroom was my favourite in the deluxe room, very clean and tidy couldn't fault it in any way ! Thanks for such a great experience!",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
1797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,First class one-nighter,"Can't really speak highly enough. Obviously benefits from being new but all decor really smart and on trend. One night only but excellent value. Loved the room. Not massive but very modern. I love big bathrooms and this fitted bill with walk-in shower, bright and ultra-smart. We were told there was no view which I thought was a courteous touch. When you've got one of the best cities on the planet outside the front door, who cares? The location is superb, near to South Bank, Borough market, Shard. Tube a 10 min stroll. Pubs/eateries everywhere. We thought the turn-back service and slippers was an excellent touch. Staff really smart, professional and courteous. Recommended. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good tourist base,"This was our second visit here and we were made welcome after a long day sight seeing, A visit to the new Tate modern extension was our last stop and we caught glimpses of the hotel from the viewing deck. We made good use of the comfortable executive lounge. Breakfast gave us an excellent choice of a wide range of delicious food one of the best buffets we have experienced. We enjoyed the stay",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1795-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Just me being English,"Lovely hotel, absolutely gorgeous, friendly staff and lovely decor.   However, it all went a bit strange..  I went out for the evening and came back to find the bed had been folded back and for some bizarre reason, a serviette and a pair of slippers had been placed by the side of the bed.   Perhaps this is the reserved English part of me but I found this profoundly creepy, disturbing and weird.   I do not need my stuff unpacked, I do not (and I can't say this strongly enough), want my stuff touched by a stranger.   This really really put me off, the thought that someone had been in my room and felt that they could make choices for me is not something that sits well with me.   Hilton. I know you meant well but this was a VERY unpleasant feeling for me. Can you not understand that…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
1800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Modern hotel,"The hotel is in a very good location, only a five-minute walk from Southwark Tube station. The décor is very modern, although the rooms did not have any character. Lovely walk-in shower and really comfortable bed. ""Free minibar"", which contains 2 bottles of water, 2 cokes and an orange juice. The Executive Lounge had a sophisticated charm, but the food on offer was aimed just at meat-eaters or fish lovers. Breakfast was fantastic, with loads of options and all of very high quality. The staff was friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A Very Good Hotel,"A very good hotel in central London for less than $A300 is difficult to find but the Hilton London Bankside is one. It is very well placed with bus stops 5 minutes walk and tube stations 10-15 minutes away. It is also walking distance from many London sights.  The hotel is new, modern and very clean with a high level of amenities. The rooms are spacious and quiet with very comfortable fittings and beds.  The service of the lobby staff was excellent - friendly, helpful, attentive, efficient. We did have several issues however with the staff cleaning the room. On several occasions we arrived back at the hotel around 4.00 pm and the room had not been serviced. We needed to ring to organise this.  They offer a fold down service and that is great but if you are going to offer it then…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Short two night break,"First time staying in this hotel, and will not be the last.  The staff were very helpful from arrival to departure.  Excellent swimming pool and gym.  Executive lounge is well worth the upgrade, especially after a day sightseeing.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel in great location,"Great hotel in a good location for the Tate Gallery and Globe Theatre, also with nearby Tube station. Whole hotel exceptionally clean with nice modern decor. Room was gorgeous with a big with a lovely bathroom. Can eat late in the bar which is good if you have been to see a show. However I am particularly disappointed that we were asked to pay a £100 deposit on arrival, to which we did not use, and the whole amount has still not be refunded over two weeks later. This is not satisfactory service and I am very unhappy with this situation. We were told it would take 3-7 days which I believe is still unsatisfactory. Internet banking is instantaneous. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1800-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday trip,First visit to this Hilton hotel.We will definitely be staying here again. Staff very friendly and helpful. Recommend the executive lounge.Plenty on offer. Only negative was lighting in room was a bit diffused but otherwise everything perfect.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent !,"Probably one of the best places I have stayed in my travel. Staff were really nice. They allowed to keep our bags till will checked in and the same with the check out. Although our check in started at 3pm, we were given a complimentary breakfast for no charge. I was able to even convert my dollars to pound for a very decent exchange rate. Swimming pool does not come with this rate in central London. Location is very close to Tate modern and London Eye. Nice neighborhood and very family friendly. Strongly recommend it !!!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Totally worth it,"We got a room upgrade with access to the executive lounge which was totally worth the extra £40. Spacious room, friendly staff, good food, the bathroom was amazing (I'm very particular about hotel bathrooms). Very clean and spacious, new hotel, close to the subway. Book early as prices fluctuate like crazy!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Right for the urban funkster,"The Hilton Bankside is new and in great condition. The staff are very willing to please. The rooms are modern minimilalist in style. Ask for a room with a shower rather than a bath/shower (unless you are desperate for a tub!). Great benefit/price ratio. We loved 9 nights here. The location is excellent with the Themes about 100 metres away, busses within 100 metres and the Jubilee line on the tube easily accessible for quick access to the main tourist destinations. The Southbank area is part new office and apartment blocks and part gritty factory renewal - perfect for the urban funkster on holiday.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Ok stay, lots of space for improvement","In general is an okay stay. I would say it's an average hilton hotel but not sure why it is a five-star. Hotel and its rooms are quite new and comfortable, but there are a lot of downside I've seen during my stay:  - Check-in staff was a bit cold and I had to ask about lounge/breakfast myself. I was a bit surprised to hear that I had to pay for an upgrade to Executive even though I was Diamond. - NO BATHTUB in the Deluxe room. Not sure if they exist in higher category rooms. - NO FRESH COFFEE at breakfast. They only provide a coffee machine, and the coffee tastes a bit funny. I find it hard to believe that no roasted coffee is offered at all. - No steaming room. This is not much of a downside, just one nice thing to have.  I've heard very good things about the hotel but was…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1805-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful rooms,"Very nice hotel just 1 street away from Tate Modern and a 5 minute walk from the subway. Very nice clean rooms, wel equiped bathroom, rainshower and good Wifi. Very friendly staff. A great hotel for a stay near the center of London. Nest time i will stay here again,",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great place for a weekend trip to the capital,"Rooms & public areas were spotless, Bedroom was lovely and loved the bathroom, very modern.  Breakfast was also excellent, great choice of good quality products.  Next time I head to London this wiil probably be my first choice",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Awesome ,"Great hotel, excellent location and super attentive staff. Very clean and modern facilities and right in the heart of Southwark. Highly recommend, decent room sizes although a little pricey, worth it as close to heaps of pubs, restaurants etc ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent service and lauxary space with reasonable price,Walking distance from Waterloo station. Suite room was less than 300 pounds including tax. It was called Junior Suite but had a full size living room. Service was excellent. I had breakfast in the executive lounge. My only frustration was they served few kinds of dishes without typical English foods.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful hotel will definatley reccomend.,"This hotel, well what can I say.  Such friendly start, I ALWAYS ensure I stay at the Hilton wherever I am in the world as the service, and hotel is brilliant throughout.   This has to be one of my favourite hotels to date, fresh sheets, fresh towels and what I wasn't expecting a full complimentary mini fridge with contents and dressing gowns.  After a hard days shopping this was needed for a girls night in.  The beds were incredibly comfy, I stayed with my sister  We had such a giggle, this is in a great location.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1810-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Relaxed and Quiet Time,"Although built in the busy Bankside area of London, very near to the south bank of the Thames, the staff of the Hilton Bankside have achieved an oasis of calm. Very attentive staff look after your every need and are always pleasant. The hotel staff make this a sought after hotel where you can relax and enjoy a little bit of your life at a slower rate than on normal high streets.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Short vacation stay.,Good Rooms as expected from a fairly new Hotel. Breakfast service a disaster to many people for the restaurant so at times no tables available and food depleted on buffet. Asked for a room with a bath at reception just got a nasty pay or no help.Rooms with a bath were available. Traffic to and from central London sometimes challenging but Cabs know their way around.,Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel in a great location,"Outstanding hotel in terms of customer service. We requested a late check out and the staff were extremely accommodating. Food was delicious, breakfast especially! This hotel goes the extra mile. Great location, will definitely be back.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overnight business trip,"Excellent modern hotel with relaxed feel. Hotel was immaculate (I think it had only opened recently). Great location close to the city. Room was very comfortable and well equipped. Breakfast was very enjoyable. Small fitness room and pool with fruit, water and towels provided. I will use again next time I need to stay over on business.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay for appearance on Good Morning Britain ,Lovely hotel.. Stayed courtesy of Good Morning Britain.. Couldn't have afforded it otherwise! How the other half live eh?? Executive suite was nice.. The view was a let down .. But it's central London and felt very luxurious. The breakfast was plentiful and staff were extremely courteous which was lovely  ,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1815-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hilton,"This is possibly the best Hilton we've stayed in. The hotel is quite new hence spotless, everything works. The room is well designed, and is good on the eyes as well as functioning logically. The interior design throughout this hotel is fantastic, reminding me of some cool bars/ restaurants in Santa Monica. We dined at Oxbo and I really must recommend the steak tartare. The steak here is also excellent. We spent some time in the ultra cool and laid back bar, nursing our Porn Star Martinis. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Oh, and finally the breakfast was excellent. I could not recommend this place more. It is also a 3 mins walk to the South Bank and the Tate Modern. Need I say more??",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very Good!,"Very nice hotel. I had the executive room and it was very nice and spacious. I liked the indoor pool, and the services provided in the executive lounge.  Its location is convenient walking distance from either Southwark or Blackfriars Tube Station.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"Beautiful hotel, very classy yet not pretentious. Staff are welcoming and lovely, yet not over the top. They actually come across as if they do care, rather that that they are being paid to care. The Distillery Bar is relaxing and warmly decorated, the bar staff are incredibly knowledgeable and enthusiastic.  The OXBO restaurant is absolutely first class, and not as expensive as you might think.  My room was scrupulously clean and fresh, the air con worked a treat on a hot day too.  I had a very well rested night.  Breakfast was an absolute pleasure, so much choice!  I loved my stay here and very much want to stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Love this location. Great hotel.,"I really enjoyed my stay at the Hilton Bankside. I was traveling alone and the staff was helpful and welcoming. My room was comfortable, clean and designed well. As a diamond Hilton Honors member, I had access to the executive lounge and it was nice. They serve Breakfast in the morning and happy hour at night. There are restaurants within a short walking distance.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely First Class Service,"We visited on our wedding night, checking in quite late. We got to our room to find rose petals sprinkled on our bed and some delicious chocolates and a slice of chocolate cake. They also offered us late checkout free of charge, which was incredibly welcome considering that we'd not got there until late that night - we really got to make the most of our stay. The service throughout was first class. Everyone is so polite and friendly, going out of their way to help you. The hotel is modern but welcoming. The bathroom was lovely and sleek, and the shower was huge. If I had an complaints at all, it would be that the pool area was not as good as it could be. I got a bit cold in the pool and it would have been nice to have had a separate jacuzzi to warm up in, or a steam room. But…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1820-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Simply fantastic ,I stayed here for one night and it was a faultless stay. The hotel was beautifully stylish and very modern with a clean room that had everything you would expect from a Hilton Hotel.   The staff throughout the hotel were exquisite and very helpful. (I had forgotten my toothbrush and a dental kit was delivered to the room in under five minutes!)  The Oxbo restaurant and breakfast the following morning was very very nice with a range of choices at a good price.  A gym and pool were also available to use. Unfortunately I didn't have time to use these facilities but I had a look and it looked great.   Thank you for a perfect stay.   ,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,The hotel is lovely and facilities are great i would definitely stay again. reasonably priced but i think this is due to the location. being the other side of the water. however under ten quid in a cab to get to most places in the city the other side of the river.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic!,"Each year I visit London for work for a couple of weeks and was booked at The Hilton Bankside this time instead of the usual other Hotel.  I had 15 nights here and just loved it.  What a great hotel, and so many fantastic places to eat near by.   The complimentary drinks in the room are such a welcoming idea and each night I had a little special treat delivered to the room.  Tescos and Sainsburys are out the front door, so handy.  The pool was amazing...can't wait to get back next year.  Fabulous staff, fabulous hotel.  ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Is ok,"The room is clean as expected, awesome service, the reception is very lovely and polite, location is just average, not too bad, but not good as well. The bed is way tooooo soft, it cause neck pain and back pain the next morning. Complimentary drink should contain more selection",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Almost perfect stay; I would give it a 4,5 if it was possible.","This was my third time in London and because of the minimal difference in rates between this hotel and for example Novotel a few minutes away, I chose this one. The service was EXCELLENT. The frontdesk attendants and the waiters in the restaurant. They try to do EVERYTHING to make you feel like a king/queen.  When I checked in and went to our rooms, I even got a call from the front-desk to ask if everything was fine and explain some things in the room. I really loved it. Also there was a fire-alarm-test on my third day and they called afterwards to tell that everything is ok (even though they announced it in advance). I spoke to three front-desk-attendants (Jan, Per and one more I don't know his name), and all three did their very best to help me out when I asked for it. My…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1825-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Diamond HHonors stay,"The Hilton Bankside is a hidden gem.  Well appointed behind Tate Modern and around the corner from Southwark station.  Short walk from London Bridge or Waterloo also.  I found from checking in to departure, my stay was excellent.  Staff very attentive working within a beautiful new hotel.    Great large quiet rooms, provided an upgrade due to my Diamond status and was impressed with the executive lounge.    Provided a choice for normal restaurant or lounge for breakfast - both are amazing and places other hotels to shame.    Really loved the walk-in shower and the modern décor.  Happily stay again.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Business Trip,"This is a 'new' (newly built) Hilton and is the concept so the front desk said that most new Hiltons will be built on. If so - bring it on! A great modern hotel, all the usual Hilton amenities but with a boutique like flair.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside,"Efficient, no-fuss service, modern, spacious, well appointed rooms, very comfortable, very convenient and reasonably priced. An excellent base for London business trips with all the amenities. Fully recommend and I will return.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing find tucked away on the south bank,"I stay regularly at Hilton hotels and this is something a little different in a very nice way!  It is in an ideal location for the south bank and is just off the main road.   The reception area, dining room and bar are all very impressive and have a very modern decor - very All Saints.  The staff throughout the hotel are very helpful, always smiling and willing to assist.  Th room was very comfortable, spacious and clean.  The shower was excellent - my only comment is the lack of a mirror close to a plug socket to use a hair dryer.  I ate in the restaurant and it is one of the best meals I have ever had in a hotel - I rarely choose to eat in a hotel but arrived late and so glad I chose this option.  £21 for 3 amazing courses plus a glass of bubbly - can't beat that for value…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location for Seeing Shows,"My friend and I were in London for 3 nights to see her son who was in Titus Adronicus at the Rose Theater. The Hilton London Bankside was only a 5-10 min walk to the Rose and other theaters. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We upgraded to the 7th floor which included breakfast, afternoon tea and evening cocktails. Also included was water, soda, juices and food items in our mini bar. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was large with a nice shower. Lighting could be controlled at bedside. Free WiFi. Nice lobby and bar. Great room service. Will definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1830-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Typifies what a good hotel should be.,"What a surprise, few hotels delight me the way this one did. Booking during a busy time in London, I selected this hotel for rate and vacancy, and did not have high expectations given its non descript exterior photos. After a four night stay, I am now an advocate and will definitely stay here when next in London. Firstly, the area it is in is emerging as very cosmopolitan, with good eateries and shops popping up all around. Located just behind the Tate Modern, it's an easy walk to the City and the underground is very close for those going further. The hotel interior design, reflects the industrial, eclectic style of Southwark, and marries this well with high end elegance. Staff are exceptional, so proud of their hotel and so willing to help. The exec lounge was furnished…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent business hotel,The location close to the Shard is convienent. The staff very helpful and the room was excellent. It is close to the tube and historic locations should you have a one for business one for touring type of trip. ,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect hospitality,"Arriving hot and tired, we felt very welcome by the lovely reception people. Our room was very clean and elegant modern, shades of grey with lovely wood paneling. The bathroom was very large, though this was an accessible room, I don't know if the bathrooms are all so large.  We had no view at all, nice brick wall! Though we weren't planning to sit and look out, we were planning to explore! The area is very nice and positioned perfectly for fans of the Tate Modern or the Globe theatre or perhaps just wandering all on the Thames Southbank. Minor detail, we missed the signage on the front, so walked right past the first time.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Whenever I'm in London...,"I have recently finished my 6th stay of the year so far at Hilton London Bankside, and I've already booked another for the upcoming week. Ahead of the likes of The Waldorf Hilton and Conrad London St James, this hotel is by far my hotel of choice in London.  This hotel is a new build, only completed October last year from memory and it clearly shows. Although the exterior isn't the most imposing, as soon as you walk in you feel the modern luxury of the hotel.  Service is one of the key areas where this hotel is by far superior to any other hotel I have experienced so far in London. Service is incredible. Check-in staff are active and friendly, and make you feel welcomed from the beginning. The same can be said for staff throughout the hotel. Whether it's the cleaning service or…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,FANTASTIC,"My best friend booked us a weekend in London for my birthday, I've stayed in many Hilton hotels in the UK and around the world. This one was definitely one of the best! The staff were helpful, the hotel smelt wonderful. The bed was heavenly! Would 100% recommend this to anyone. Fab fab fab!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1835-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent ,"We had a 2 night stay here at the beginning of July, the room was spotless, very modern with a massive comfy bed. We didn't eat there so couldn't comment on the food, but it is in a great location and it's not too expensive for London. Well worth it. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay,"We stayed here last night on business. Rooms very clean, good quality bedding and huge bath robes, complimentary soft drinks and water in the fridge. Bed was super comfy with fab quilt, again good quality. The whole place smelt so nice and all the staff I spoke to were really helpful and friendly. Would definitely stay here again.  ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great experience,"Had a night to stay in London after our week and a half trip around UK.  Choose this hotel based on proximity to where our daughter lives and was pleasantly surprised.  Feels more like a modern boutique hotel than a Hilton; very well appointed rooms, great public areas, helpful staff, excellent Executive lounge.  Only negative is for pure touristy stuff the location is just off the beaten path but Southwark underground station is couple of minutes walk.  Will definitely consider this location on the next trip back to London",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Do not use corrupted minicab service,Hotel was okay. Then when I wanted to use the traditional black taxi service. The conceige basically became very hostile. There is obviously a racket going on here at this hotel. I do not want a 2nd rate minicab service. London taxi was recommended to me to be the best and safest option. And for only £64 the cheapest out of the two. I had stopped by here to see a cousin. And was totally dismayed at the concierge attitude.,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
1843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel In London,"This place is new and I can't recommend it enough. The staff are exceptionally detailed, the decor and rooms are to an incredible standard and prices match those of other London establishments but with so much better service! We stayed here over a weekend and arrived at 11am thinking we wouldn't be able to get checked in. WRONG! The customer services manager checked us in separately at his desk, invited us to join their Executive lounge for drinks and breakfast and checked us in there and then. Amazing service, beds are comfy in a quiet part of London and its a short walk away from Southbank with easy connections to Waterloo. Can't recommend it enough. The Blonde B blog",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1840-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A great weekend!,This hotel still has that feeling of 'new' about it. A lovely welcome from the Reception team particularly Andres & Liu. Room was nice and decorated in a modern minimalist style. My girlfriend was celebrating her birthday and we were given a special 'Birthday Dessert' to enjoy. We also got engaged to be married on the weekend and we had another surprise gift from the bar team to help celebrate this occasion and we really enjoyed the Cocktail making display from Matteus!! Breakfasts were excellent as expected from Hilton only one thing missing Prunes. The team in the executive lounge were also 'A1'. We also used the indoor pool. All in all this was a great choice of hotel for a double celebration weekend. Hilton is our brand of choice and the Hilton London Bankside did not let us…,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent service,My husband and I took a weekend trip to London and we must say we was greeted with excellent customer service. Wonderful and clean modern rooms. Staff was very helpful throughout our stay. Not a busy area but close the places other spots.  We would recommend you stay at this hotel on the trip to London. ,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant!,"Stayed in a King Bed One bedroom executive suite with 3 people, it is like 2 separate rooms, the beds are extremely comfortable also. The bathroom even has a speaker that plays the sound off your tv when it is on!! You also get free non alcoholic drinks from minibar and also some snacks like chocolate, sweets and peanuts (which was refilled by the time when we re entered our room). Also after every time we entered our room for the night, the beds would be remade with robes and slipped in place, and even our clothes folded. Down at the lobby check in and check out was seamless. The bar is amazing, they give free bowls of popcorn with every drink! In the executive lounge there was a delicious continental breakfast for free, and through out the day the coffee machine, water and…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful Hotel, Service Exceptional and Location Perfect","This hotel is seriously good.  Loved the style and attention to detail and the bed was solo comfortable.  I loved the staff - very service orientated - all very friendly and helpful.  The minute we walked in the room, they followed up immediately with a call to check that we were happy with our room.  Concierge made some excellent recommendations for food and transportation.  Location was perfect for everything.  We went to the Wimbledon tennis one day and it was so convenient to go via Southwark Tube station and we were there within 20 mins and this was the average time when we went to the V&A museum as well. Highly recommend this hotel.  So why did I give it 4 stars and not 5 - two reasons - one was the club lounge variety of drink and food was a little skimpy when compared to…",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
1848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Staff were amazing - could not do enough to ensure our stay was seemless, rooms luxuries, restuarant excellent","Felt like the staff were an extension of our own family home - which surprised us in such a big city - we didn't expect this. Staff made an effort to ensure we had everything we needed. Per Granstorm at reception was amazing!.He went above and beyond the all of duty, taking time to get to know us and to help us with our plans for the next day -  he took the time to map out the best routes to get about the city. Sarwar in the restaurant was also a stand out. Many thanks to all at Hilton London Bankside for making our stay so enjoyable. We will be back on day.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1845-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,By far the best Hotel in London,"I usually do not write long reviews about hotel but for Hilton Bankside I need to make an exception. I stayed at the Bankside for the first time in December 2015, which must have been shortly after the opened.  Which brings me to the first point: The hotel is brand new, not only refurbished but a new building, new rooms, new furniture and so on. This is a real advantage, especially in London where you have so many Hotels which have seen their best days long ago already. But the Bankside is not only new, you can see at so many details that it was planned and build with a lot of thought and an eye for details. The interior follows a clear design concept; the quality of the used materials is really high. Best is to describe it as industrial style, which is very en vogue all around…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One night stay for boyfriends 21st,"Me and my boyfriend stayed here for a night for his 21st birthday. Staff were friendly and helpful. Decor is very modern and our room was so clean. Bed is king size too & really comfy  When I booked I asked the Hilton to make our stay extra special as it was my boyfriends 21st. We arrived to our room to find they had made him a small cake with happy birthday written in chocolate. I thought that this was a nice touch.   Only downside was the tv having scrambled signal but as we were going out we didn't mind so much - might be a bit impractical for a longer stay.  Good facilities, I'd recommend using the gym and spa. The gym is 24/7 and pool is open till 10pm. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay,"hotel quite well design and well presented. room comfortable and well designed location great. staff well presented, helpful and professional. breakfast amazing a lot of choices. close to the Tate museum and the river thame",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect Stay,"I stayed at this hotel for my last few nights in London and it was perfect. The location was a short walk from Southwark station and TATE Modern. The room itself was amazing. Returning from my morning walk to get my bag, my bed was made up and the bathroom was completely cleaned. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was quiet.  The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and definitely are the highlights of this hotel.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Unfriendly reception staff,"I stayed at this hotel for a business function. My room was quiet and clean, the bed was very comfortable and the rainfall shower was a pleasant way to start the day. The food at breakfast was varied and of good quality. The only thing that let down the hotel was the unfriendly manner of the receptionist. I had a pre-booked room and had already given my credit card to pay for any extras when she asked me for proof of ID. I'm from the UK and like most people don't carry my driving licence or passport when travelling in the UK but she seemed very reluctant to give me my key card and I started my stay feeling unwelcome. The other staff I spoke to were much more friendly and helpful so perhaps I was just unlucky with this encounter but it would make me reluctant to choose this hotel…",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1850-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect Location for Tate Modern. Boutique Feel.,"Hotel is less than a year old so everything is bang up to date, super clean and fresh. Lobby has an intimate luxurious feel and staff at check-in were friendly and efficient. Arrived an hour earlier than check in so offered a twin room which was available straight away. Room was spacious, shower excellent, bed really comfy, a great space to relax after sightseeing.Would stay again, loved it.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Super quiet and a splendid staff!,"I recently stayed 3 nights at the Hilton London Bankside during a business trip  Aside from my one day excursion to see ""the tennis"" at Wimbledon, my stay at the hotel was the highlight of my trip.  The hotel staff is exceedingly polite, professional, and helpful.  I showed up at 8 am and was in a room by 9 am.  My room (3rd floor) and the hallways were very quiet.  The exercise room was large and had plenty of towels and bottles of water.  Finally, the executive lounge was beautiful, super comfortable, and had many snack/refreshment options.  This is a very nice hotel.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely visit,"We really enjoy this hotel, staff are friendly, welcoming and professional. It is also in v convenient location, within walking distance from London Bridge train station and close to restaurants and prominent London attractions",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Clean, New...but far from Tube Stop and Major Sights","Almost everything great here after we got checked in.  We arrived very early (before 9am), and room was available.  We were staying 2 nights and had 2 separate reservations.  Originally, I had booked the first night with points since the rate was outrageous and then booked the 2nd night with a decent prepaid rate.  Later, the rate for the first night went down enough for me to cancel the reservation with points and rebook a flexible rate for the first night.  The room types were the same on all the reservations.  A few days before our arrival, the 1st room was upgraded to an executive room (we get automatic access to the lounge even if we aren’t upgraded due our Diamond status).  The day before, the room upgrade was taken away?  When we arrived and tried to check-in, the young…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Super great hotel!,"The hotel is strategically located. Close to the metro ri train station. Just a few minutes away and you have to open the doors of the hotel, where helpful staff kindly propose bear bags. Throughout the hotel foe emanates pleasant, refreshing, but very luxurious scent. Rooms clean flawlessly. Towel white to infinity ... Everything precisely arranged: Become, bathrobes, hygiene measures. Mini bar in soft drinks, snacks are free.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1855-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great experience at very reasonable price,"Stayed on a Saturday night in entry level room, admittedly we had a view of a wall but the room was fantastic and it was only gbp140.  Lobby and staff very good. Great location for Tate, borough market and globe theatre.  Indoor pool was good and quiet when we visited Sunday morning. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bankside Hilton,"This is an excellent hotel in a great location! We wanted to go to the Globe and then walk to museums and other sightseeing options. The location of this hotel was the reason we chose it in the first place. However, the service was excellent the breakfasts we quite exceptional in choice and quality! It was easy to walk to the Globe and other theatres on the south bank. We also found it enjoyable to walk across the Thames and into central London. We walked to Convent Gardens and the theatre district, as well as the sights around Trafalgar Square.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely long weekend,"We really enjoyed this hotel and its location close to the Tate Modern and nice walk across the Millennium bridge to St Pauls and beyond.  The hotel felt brand new and furnishings and room all spik and span.  Eat breakfast twice in the main restaurant preferring to use local restaurants for dinner. Brekkie wa very good but there's local coffee shops that will suffice if you don't want a big meal.  Summary, a great hotel, convenient location with helpful staff. Best to shop around for discounts as can be expensive at times.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Stay,Outstanding hotel and awesome location. The staff was on point no matter what you needed. I highly recommend this hotel. It was centrally located and close to the underground system. The food quality and attention to detail was really awesome. ,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice new hotel,I stayed here for one night and was very happy with the hotel. The hotel is very new and everything is in great condition. The common areas and the room/bathroom were in great shape. The room itself was very small compared to others in the area. We had breakfast at the hotel one morning and the service and food were both excellent. I would stay here again if looking for something in this area.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
1864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1860-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great first visit,As the Conrad was fully booked we thought we would try the Hilton Bankside for a change. It is super convenient for the Tate Modern and Shakespeare's Globe and 20 minutes walk to the National Theatre (or £7/£8 by taxi). Check in was great with the charming Hannah who upsold us a suite for an extra £20 (we already had a free upgrade to an executive room due to my Diamond Status). Hannah had to check with her manager if we could use the executive lounge after checkout and as this was what we were normally used to at the Conrad he/she said this would be OK although we had to be let in by Hannah rather than have a key programmed. The suite on the 7th floor had a small bedroom and lounge but was very nice - very new and modern with a shower and bath. We had the choice of breakfast in…,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"The up-charges are coming, the up-charges are coming!","Never again Hilton Bankside. Never again Hilton. Literally thousands of hotel nights over my career and personal travel and Hilton Bankside takes the prize for the most off putting check-in and departure ever.   Checkin is 3PM. We knew that. But like many folks arriving from the States, we got in early - about 1:30. We asked if a room was available. Answer: ""the room YOU reserved will not be available until three, but I can upgrade to a room available now."" (For what amounted to a 40% premium over what we had reserved.) Now even if it was true - it wasn't - that no other rooms were available - couldn't your first sentence be something other than a crass grab for money?   It continued. We declined the upgrade. Next sentence: ""YOUR rates doesn't include breakfast, I can upgrade…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
1866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, fine location, unhelpful staff","At first I got for some reason an accessible room and already at check in I was offered to upgrade the room for 50£ A Night!!! After i saw the room and I ask to switch rooms I was denied  cause there were no vacancies. Only after a long argue a room was surprisingly found. The room was nice and comfortable, fair gym and nice indoor pool. The biggest disadvantage are the rooms facing a small courtyard which from it is even hard to tell how the weather is. Breakfast was generous nice and delicious. The hotel area is fine, few steps from Tate modern and the southbank, tube station is also nearby.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
1867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,This hotel is simply superb. The customer service is sublime and the food is wonderful. Splash out and get a suite to get access to the exec lounge - the best I've ever been in and their bottomless brunch is delicious! ,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel!!!,"Top notch rooms and service! Front desk staff were very warm and welcoming upon check-in. Rooms were very modern, spacious and most importantly, clean. The hotel seemed recently built and had a very cozy feel. Although there aren't many things to do immediately around the area, the tube is a 5 minute walk away. Small convenience stores are a minute away if you need something fast. Don't hesitate booking this hotel on your next trip!",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1865-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Large room, good location","Visited for one night, booked standard room. Pleasantly surprised by the size of the room for central London, super king bed and walk in shower. Very modern and nice extra touches such as complimentary water, soft drinks, nuts and sweets in fridge. Very clean. Good location easy walk to borough market, and central London. Despite good location, no noise at night. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing services!,"We had an execellent stay to the Hilton London Bankside, it's located near to the center and easily accessible for all the attraction of London. The staff were very friendly, services absolutely perfect for us. I ordered a birthday cake in the room for welcoming ( was our anniversary:) ) and they were very responsive. Thank you so much! The pool was clean and very nice but little cold for me :) Mini-bar complementary and water as well, nonalcoholic products. Here I ate the best eggs Benedic ever! Overall amazing! I highly recommend this hotel! Thank you!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful brand new hotel,"Everything in and around this hotel is beautiful.  The decor is minimal and masculine in the bedrooms, warm and cosy in the lobby and bar, and modern and comfy in the restaurant.  The staff were lovely and could not be more welcoming or helpful.  Breakfast was extensive - the pastry buffet had to be seen to be believed - not for dieters.  We will be going back.  Fab towels - massive and super absorbent.  Highly recommended.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Almost,"This is a nicely designed hotel. Rooms are well appointed (though some have only narrow windows which makes them kinda gloomy - a manager kindly moved me upon request after arrival). They have good closets and handsome baths. On my second stay here, however, the details were much less well attended to. The room was missing different items each day. One day it was a bathmat. One day it was the breakfast order card. Which I am glad I asked for, as the next day when I took business contacts to breakfast in the restaurant it was an unmitigated disaster, prompting one of my guests to say it reminded him of an episode of Fawlty Towers. The manager was apologetic but defensive, putting it down to a shortage of experienced staff. (British railway managers say that a lot, too.) Upon…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,So far so good as first time users.,I use Hilton for work and convinced my family to try the chain for our holidays in London. So a lot is riding on this trip. We needed to confirm our rooms because we are arriving at an odd time after a lengthy trip and so far the staff and experience has been really great. I was able to communicate with someone directly in ensuring we will have the right rooms ready and waiting through the web checkin process as everyone will be exhausted when we arrive. I am crossing my fingers but so far service had been great.,Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1870-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel with exceptional staff,"One night in to our two night stay and I have nothing but praise for this wonderful hotel in one of my favourite locations in London.  The rooms, like the hotel itself are quite simply beautifully finished. The bar, restaurant and lounge are all very welcoming, and I am sorely tempted to spend much more time inside the hotel than out and about in London as it all feels very cool, relaxed and surprisingly peaceful given it's proximity to buzzing borough market and the lively south bank.  The hotel is blessed with a team of some of the friendliest and most helpful staff I have ever come across. Nothing is too much trouble and they truly are an absolute asset to the hotel.  I cannot fault anything here.. I love it and I will definitely be back. I will also definitely recommend this…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
1875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location not great service,"the first night was great, but then went downhill after that, ironing board and things I got out in a rush were not put away, dirty towels on the floor were thrown onto the ironing board and not put away or new ones put in the room. Water was no replenished in the minibar - very disappointing first experience",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday Weekend,The Hilton Bankside is an outstanding hotel. Our stay was amazing..  Definitely five star hotel with five star staff.  Warm and friendly welcome on arrival .  The rooms spacious and very comfortable.  We mentioned on arrival that it was my husbands birthday and came in one night to fine a cake had been left with a lovely note. X ,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Luxury and impeccable service,So happy we chose this hotel! Every staff member was exceptional. Our suite was luxurious and quiet and we chose the club level which included a fantastic breakfast and drinks and appetizers in the evening. Close to the Tate Modern and Borough Market.  ,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
1878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,As expected top class stay,"Hotel carries the new look Hilton look which is contemporary. Very clean and tidy. Had an excellent stay. Not very far from attractions such as Shard, Oxo tower etc For £40 you can make use of valet parking Drinks slightly expensive but you would expect that in Hilton in London.  Trip was birthday treat for my partner. Not sure how but staff found out and they had a very nice cake specially made for her delivered to our room. Thank you guys because you made her day even more special  And yes you get 5 star treatment at this premium 5 star hotel. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1875-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Rare Gem in London,"Finding a good value hotel in London is not easy. If you're looking around the 200USD a night mark then you're usually saddled with a lot of very average options. But this new Hilton seems to tick all the right boxes - and given the fairly high tripadvisor rating, the good value rates may not remain for long.  Pros: - Design - While it still feels like a business hotel, the new design here is a little bolder and more interesting than Hiltons of the past. Rooms feel fairly spacious (for London), the rain-showers are excellent and common areas are pleasant to spend time in. - Service - Competent, polite and helpful throughout. - Value - as mentioned before, the rates here are excellent given the relative quality.  Cons: - I am told that some rooms have a view only of the interior…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"We used points to stay here for a few nights while in London.  It was not a very far walk from a tube station and there were two grocery stores close, one right next door and one across the street.  The room had a small under the counter refrigerator so that was handy.  With status with HIlton the breakfast buffet was included which was invaluable.  There was a huge variety of foods to choose from.  The location was great for getting around the city either walking or using the tube.  I would highly recommend this hotel.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A little luxury,"This was our first stay at the Hilton Bankside, and we loved it!   From the moment we entered we knew that we had made a great choice for our weekend. The entrance area is gracious and the greeting at the front desk was warm and friendly. In our room we appreciated the bowl of fresh strawberries, the water in the chiller unit and the extra toiletries in the shower. All little touches that make a difference. Refreshments in the executive lounge were plentiful and the breakfast was a knockout. Lots of variety and all beautifully presented. Service throughout our stay was friendly and prompt. We have already booked our next stay! Highly recommended.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Can't fault it !,"We had a fabulous stay, room was spacious and bathroom couldn't be faulted.  Warm welcome from a delightful Anthony. Great location for the Globe, Tate, Bourough market.  Loads of place eat and drink within a few minutes walk.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very Comfortable and Good Location,"This is a new Hilton hotel I had not stayed at before.  I usually stay at the Hilton Tower Bridge as it is very close to my meeting place, but it was fully booked. This was the next nearest suitable hotel so I gave it a go.  It is modern, clean, the staff were very smart and the room was very comfortable and well kitted out.  The shower was one of the best I've had in a hotel.  The breakfast was very pricey - £20 - so I gave it a miss and had a wonderful full English at a nearby eatery for less that half the cost in the hotel.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1880-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb Stay,"Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Hilton Bankside. This was our first stay at the hotel and from the moment we arrived it was a memorable stay. The hotel has a great restaurant and bar. We had breakfast, lunch and dinner during our stay and every meal was excellent. The staff were friendly and very efficient. The room was perfect and very well appointed. We stayed in a deluxe room with a king size bed which was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was spotless and I liked the choice between the conventional shower and the rainfall shower. Although busy the atmosphere in the hotel was quiet and sedate. It is perfectly located for Tate Modern, Shakespeare's Globe, Borough Market and access to the north side of the river via the Millennium Bridge. Bankside is quite simply the…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"New, modern, stylish","We booked this hotel at the last minute when we decided to stay overnight in London.  It is just 2 minutes from Tate Modern and the South Bank and seemed to be part of a more general re-development of that part of the city. There are several other new hotels in the vicinity.  It's an easy 10 minute walk from London Bridge station. The lobby is impressive with funky furniture and lectern stations for check in staff.  We arrived earlier than check in, did the paperwork then left our luggage while we went off to explore.   We were offered an upgrade for £25 which would have included an executive lounge area for afternoon snacks, drinks and breakfast, but since we had other plans we turned it down.  When we did return at 11pm our luggage had been taken to our room - a nice touch. …",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,great Hotel during business trip in London,"Location is great, just behind the Tate museum, near Blackfriars tube station to the left, the bridge of London to the right. Employee at the front desk was extremely professional and attentive. Fast check in and all instructions given about the room. Spotless  clean room with amenities, hair dryer, rob, umbrella and tea / coffee set. The more important for a traveler in London: Universal connection for your electronic devises. Priceless... Fast internet connection- Unusually big room for London standards. Nice swimming pool that I will use in my next visit. Complete small gym with towels and water bottles for free. I did not got breakfast as I rather go running in the early morning by the Thamesis and grab a bit on my way to the hotel. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Hotel,"Stayed Thursday night for our second visit to this stunning hotel. Jan on check in & out was efficient & very friendly. We had a suite which was amazing. Spacious, super comfy beds & massive shower. The Distillery bar is fantastic - an amazing range of gins. Excellent overall.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location. Great atmosphere,"I will be back. One of the best Hilton's in London for sure, and an outstanding stay altogether. Top for the location, decoration, food with vegan options at all meals. Awesome service and team too. Great.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
1889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1885-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not your London hotel standard - much better,"We are used to the small, old and the carpet smelling room in London, unless you have £300 or more to spend per night! This hotel is different. The reception is welcoming and nicely designed. The staff were friendly. The most important thing are the rooms. My room was new, spacious, and nicely furnished! A very good surprise for a central location! The rate was great compared to the room and service I received!  It is 10 min walk to the river! I would stay again and I would recommend others to stay.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bit disappointed ,"This is our third or fourth stay since it opened recently. It's got great rooms and is chic and modern. As it's still building up its customers it's reasonably priced too. This time checkin and out were both a real let down after being really good previously. We had an officious lady who wanted ID to get into our Bookings.com booked room, tried to charge £25 for an upgrade she gave us anyway, and was then insistent on all the particular credit cards and ID we had to bring next time. The queue to check out the next day was really bad too. It's not a bad location but they need to wake up, there are many hotels in London and good customer service is why hotels build loyalty.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wouldn't stay there again,"Hotel was good in general. No way to get ready in the room, only mirror available had no plug. Service not very good during the conference and couldn't find a seat in the restaurant. Other than this the room was clean, facilities were good and the breakfast was good.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,Just loved this hotel. The bed was amazing and the room very very nice even though we did'nt have the view. You should really try the restaurant for a steak for dinner and grap a drink in the bar later. Only minus: they forgot to fill the mini bar. Not much more to say than EXCELLENT,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fabulous hotel, great location.","Stayed here for a weekend break, fabulous location in Southwark, close to the Tate, plenty of bars & restaurants nearby...and the lobby smells lovely!!  Feels like a 5star hotel, great service and big well laid out rooms with massive showers.  If you stay, try the fantastic cocktails in the bar, great waiters who take the time to both explain the drink (if asked) and make it with care and attention.  Will definitely stay were again.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1890-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good choice,Standard as expected from a Hilton Hotel. Staff were great - genuinely friendly & helpful.  Not cheap - but given the location that's to be expected. Was able to use some Tesco Vouchers to help towards the cost.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overnight Stay in London,"This hotel is in an excellent location for visiting the Southbank, The Globe Theatre and Borough Market. Lots of good restaurant and small café near by. The hotel is also within walking distance to the Tate Modern. Great Hotel would definitely stay there again and would happily recommend it.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top Class,Just finished an eight night stay at the Hilton Bankside and was very impressed. From check in to check out the staff were friendly and helpful. Spacious room and well designed bathroom. We have not stayed in this part of London before but really appreciated the hotel's proximity to attractions such as the Tate Modern and Borough Markets. Nice walk across the Millennium Bridge to St Paul's.  Due to other commitments only got to visit the Executive Lounge twice. Nice space with good selection of drinks and canapés. The breakfast in Oxbo was excellent and the staff were great. Will stay here again.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Experience,"My family and I stayed at this hotel for the second time for a week.  One might say i am a stickler for hotels and their customer service.  This hotel went above and beyond on customer service. Anytime I had a problem with something which usually happens during a hotel stay, they went above and beyond to solve the problem.  Nothing was too big or too little.  Besides having excellent customer service, it is in a great location with plenty of shops and walking distance to the Thames river. Overall we had a great stay. And I almost forgot to add the great executive lounge and very clean and modern rooms!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Take a torch,"The architect and interior designer got it completely wrong at this Hilton. A combination of tiny windows, dark grey decor, and mood lighting in the rooms makes you feel like a mole with rickets. Reception and the restaurant are too dark too. We've stayed at lots of Hiltons in the UK, but this one just doesn't tick the right boxes. Great location though, and most staff polite and helpful.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
1899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1895-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Another great stay at the #1 hotel in London in my opinion!,"I am a regular at this Hilton and I have to say it's the best Hilton I have stayed in of all my worldly travels.   Why do I say this, because the staff care, and whether you are a regular or a once off visitor they treat you with the same warm welcome and want you to have a good stay.  This time I was lucky enough to have secured the newly opened penthouse - oh my god it is beautiful! Total urban chic with floor to ceiling windows, outside terrace with seating, fully equipped kitchen area, with fridge full of goodies that are replaced daily! Comfy lounge area with hidden tv and the. Off into the massive bedroom with super king bed, seating area, hidden bathroom and walk in wardrobe!   The bathroom is marble throughout with separate bath tub area and then walk in shower/wet area.…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, good location, good value","We stayed here for two nights during June .  Its a 5-7 minute walk to the Southwark Tube station and fairly easy to find from there.  Its about a minute walk to the Tate Modern and not far to St Pauls Cathedral.  Its a great location and proved to be very good value for money.  The staff were all first class and very helpful.  We didn't eat at the hotel so don't know about the food.  There is a small Sainsbury's, Tesco Metro and Co-op all within 100 metres which could help you out for breakfast etc.  We would definately stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, however the service REALLY does let it down","On visiting London last weekend, we were excited by the prospect of staying the lovely new Hilton Bankside in Central London. On arrival, it looked very impressive and our room was equally so. No complaints here. However, after having such a lovely day sightseeing and shopping in London my partner and I got changed to go out for the evening and thought it would be nice to have a cocktail in the hotel before we hit the town. On arriving downstairs, we noticed the bar was closed. A lady stood outside told us that this was for a private event, however said not to worry as it would not be a problem getting a drink in the restaurant. On arriving in the restaurant, the hostess went to hand us a menu. When we told her we didn't want to eat, she said we couldn't go in. I explained what…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
1902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay ,Very good stay from start to finish. Food and service was excellent and the staff were very friendly. Nothing was too much trouble and they were happy to help on every occasion. We had the Bulls head for 2 in the restaurant and it was amazing. Breakfast also very good.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Family reunion,"Used hotel as base for weekend family gathering. Comfortable rooms, good service, attentive staff and a handy location for our plans. The pool is a reasonable size and wasn't busy when we used it which was a result!",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1900-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,American style standards in London!,"English hotels don't usually live up to my experience of hotels I've stayed at in the USA. Hilton Bankside is an exception to that! The lobby is beautiful, smells great and is full of staff who are friendly and helpful.   We upgraded to a one bedroom suite which was very nice; with a separate living area, fab bathroom, nice king size bedroom and a guest WC. The room is decorated in dark tones which is very funky but can make it difficult to get good light to put on make up etc. There is also a distinct lack of mirrors in the bedroom area (the one provided in the dressing table is too low to be used) which meant that I had to dry my hair using a mirrored wardrobe door. Not ideal but, not really a problem. There are plenty of plug sockets and amenities provided for your stay.  …",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel!!!!!!!,"Clean, amazing bar and restaurant, particularly the cocktail waiter (I think his name was Marcella), cannot fault our stay. Nice room with great complimentary amenities, just great recommend to anyone Only came up from Surrey for one night would do again",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful, ideal location comfy beds!","This hotel is amazing.  We got lucky as our employer somehow ended up putting us here.  London bankside has spacious, quite rooms with very comfortable beds, the breakfast is very yummy, there are speakers in the bathroom that connect to the TV to. (Which you can connect to the interet on your TV, so nice.)  Lovely.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Staff,"We stayed here for seven days and I have no complaints. The staff was exceptionally friendly and the room was adequate. If you're traveling from the US, they do have a universal converter so no need to really buy one unless you have a lot of electronics to charge. We had 3 phones and a couple of games so we had to take turns but it worked out for us. My sons laptop has the three prong chargers and that didn't work so if you have that then you need to buy the converter. I didn't use the bar or eat at the restaurant but it's located in a business area and it's not a far walk to the Southwark tube station or Waterloo… Uber is alway in the vicinity and if you like walking you can walk to the London Eye and the other attractions in that area like the Aquarium, Shrek's Adventure,…",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"Had a relaxing time with my friends. The hotel is clean, staff quite friendly. The rooms are big with comfortable beds. Located close to tube station. Nice restaurants within walkable distance. Restaurant in the hotel does not cater to vegetarian diet( not a lot of choice)!",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1905-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Luxury stay,Top class hotel. The staff were amazing as were the rooms and food. I would recommend to stay in this hotel to anyone. Great location and has everything you need wether staying for business or leisure.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Nice hotel, great bar, rooms good but not exceptional","We enjoyed our stay here, but perhaps not as much as others. The bar and restaurant are great: awesome selection of drinks and food of a great caliber. Decor in the communal areas is great and the pool itself is small but very quaint. Nice, if sparse gym but it does have crucial equipment so you can have a full workout. Somewhat ironically, the room was the least impressive part of the experience. It's clean and modern but feel vey clinical. It's also darkly fashioned in brown and greys: personally I'd have liked some colour to add character.  Staff were nice though, although did ignore requests and similar that I made letting them it was my wife's birthday. Not even an acknowledgment...",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Luxury hotel with smiling staff and excellent breakfast,"Stayed for one night. Very pleasant. Room was nice, bed big and sleep good. The staff was very attentive and friendly, and helped in every way. Breakfast was super with great selection and many good tastes. There is a nice gym and a pool in the basement. Used this for a morning swim. Will come back, despite the price being a bit high.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best hotel I have ever stayed at,"Went to London for a short break with my partner so we choose this hotel and we are glad that we did. We checked in on the 10/06/16 and the staff where so welcoming and friendly they made me feel right at home. They helped with the suitcase when we arrived and took it to our room. The room we had was so nice bed was amazingly comfy, the bathroom was beautiful and the rain shower was so nice. They have a switch in the bathroom which lets you listen to the tv while your in there. Through out our stay the staff were fantastic everyone single staff member I seen would greet us. The breakfast there is amazing there is so much choice from your full English to waffles and pancakes. We ordered room service on the last night there it was amazing I would recommend the chocolate fudge…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,great bar with amazing barman,Ricky the best barman rocks! best cocktails in town!! top location in the heart of london. you have to try the spicy mezcal cocktail custom edition by ricky! firthermore i recommend the gin mare special edition by ricky cocktails that just tastes amazing!,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1910-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good stay,"Very good stay and staffs are nice. The location is far from station. A free shuttle would be helpful. Breakfast was excellent. If dinner buffet is provided, I would definitely try it. Not all rooms with bathtub. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,I wish there were more stars to give this hotel,We arrived at the Hilton Bankside exhausted and bedraggled. The staff leapt into action taking us right into the executive lounge for refreshments assuring us that when we were feeling refreshed our room would be ready and our luggage delivered to it. That was just the first five minutes and it got just better and better. I can not recommend the Hilton Bankside too highly. I don't care what it costs. If I am in London again this is where I will stay.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, Highly Recommended","Lovely hotel situated approximately 5-7 minute walk away from Southwark station. Best of all, when you travel all the way from Heathrow on tube - you don't have to carry your suitcase over the stairs (unlike some tube stations). Other than that, the hotel is also within reasonable walking distance (i.e. under 20 minutes) to - Borough market, Shakespare globe, bankside, waterloo etc.  We've got ourselves booked into a deluxe twin room. The decor inside the room is quite modern and I love the bright bathrooms and the spacious shower. Great facilities (especially the pool).  I'll certainly consider coming back to the hotel again when I next visit London.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Always an amazing experience,"I have been coming here since the hotel opened last year and love the place.  My only complaint is that word is getting out and it's getting busy!  Great rooms, friendly and attentive service and a great lounge - love it!  Location is great too for south bank, Tate modern and tube.  Really can't fault it.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Excellent Facilities, Loved the Stay last weekend.  I have been visiting this hotel on and off and its one of our favouries in the area, I have visited it 4 times over the last month and its excellent, very friendly staff and accommodating, loved the Pool and the gym.  Only one issue in the last weekend, was working till 4 am and the alarm system went off due to some issue in the kitchen so woken like I was in a spaceship with all the sounds and lights and announcement but the friendly staff made me happy with the experience anyways.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1915-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"Wonderful stay made special by the absolutely outstanding service. Staff were so helpful. The whole stay made the weekend treat for my Mum's birthday treat truly memorable! Breakfast was amazing, and location was perfect.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Modern,This hotel has a very modern feel to it. The hotel is a short walk to the nearest tube station. We ordered room service on the first night since our flight was in late. The burgers there were amazing!,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely and quiet ,"Lovely and quiet. Great location,  close enough to everything, but quiet neighbourhood. Always nice when water and softdrinks in the minibar are comlementary. Pool and fitness area are fine. Staff very friendly. ",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing!,"Went here for a one night getaway to London, absolutely beautiful hotel, massive room, extremely clean. We had access to an extra lounge which had canapés and drinks which was also lovely. Breakfast was extensive, and I would highly reccomend the granola which is homemade at the hotel. Also the swimming pool was empty most of the time meaning we had a pool to ourselves which was just incredible. Complete good value luxury hotel experience.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My best Hilton hotel. By a country mile!,"I absolutely loved this hotel.  It's one of ten latest Hilton hotels. The art is good. The finishes are lovely. I really liked the wooden finished - modern and not old school. The rooms are well laid out. Sadly, I stayed here for a night. There is live acoustic music at the bar at night and at the restaurant over brunch. The rooms on 7th floor are good. They have a view. They are big too and most of all, quiet. The staff is good. The restaurant has lovely and well-dressed people who are out to have a good outing either for drinks or a meal, like the Sunday brunch. I really loved it. The prices are fairly reasonable (by London standards). I loved it so much that I didn't want to leave. It absolutely won my heart. I'll be back!",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1920-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stay in London,"Over all we have been to London several times over the years, now find it is a good place to stay away from, the streets were just a giant car park, don't take a cab unless you have a deep pocket walking around very congested like the roads. Shops are terrible to find anything, if you want any ease try Barcelona or Bordeaux.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
1925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant,"We stayed for three nights at this hotel. Location is excellent, within walking distance of many sights. Right behind the Tate Modern which is on the riverside with a great atmosphere. 10 minute walk from Borough Market which is a taste sensation.  Cannot fault the service. Make sure you book bed and breakfast which was fantastic. Highlights of breakfast were the quality, the variety, a speedy toaster with toast rack and a chef cooking eggs however you wanted them and pancakes.  The pool and jacuzzi were a nice touch. The room was modern with a brilliant bathroom. The bed was huge and very comfortable. The best thing was the AC was the quietest we have ever had. The only negative was that the view from our window was of a brick wall!! Probably because we booked through…",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Awesome hotel, staff, and location","Family of 4 stayed here for 3 nights in May. We are also Diamond members. Booked a twin family room which consisted of two connecting rooms one with a king, and the other one with 2 twins. (not sure if they still offer this) Arrived at about noon after an 8 hour flights and Evi checked us in and did a great job welcoming us. Only one room was ready which was fine. Dropped off our stuff and went to see the city. A few hours later the other room was ready. Rooms were great and good sized, lots of little cool features and a great bathroom setup. Our king room was a deluxe and had an extra lil nook in it which was great for our bags and storing all of our stuff. Our rooms had a fridge with complimentary water, sodas, juice, gummi bears, and peanuts. We all slept great in our beds.…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Still one of the best Hilton's in London,"A return trip to London with work saw me staying at this Hilton again. Staff from the concierge to check in, in the bar and at breakfast were all very friendly. There were some special touches in the room - a selection of soft drinks, water and nibbles in the fridge and an umbrella in the wardrobe which sadly I didn't discover until after the thunderstorm! I ate in the bar for the first time and although a little pricy it was one of the best burgers I've ever had and the selection at breakfast was also very impressive.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Holiday for 3 nights,"Very good and clean hotel and good service (not excellent but good enough for 5 star standards). Breakfast had a wide-range of different things, which was great! The only minus was the location which is a bit far from attractions, but with underground you can easily reach attractions.",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1925-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Everything about this hotel was great!,I was in London for a work trip mixed with a little pleasure.  The hotel was conveniently located within walking distance of the office and lots of attractions.  The service here was great.  My only complaint would be that when we checked in very late at night the front desk did not provide any information regarding the hotel.  I had to call the front desk with multiple questions that should have been reviewed upon check in.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,"Faultless! Thoroughly enjoyed every element of it. The location, staff and facilities were all amazing and we didn't want for anything. The quality and range of offering for breakfast was brilliant and the staff were very friendly. The cleanliness of the room and the hotel overall was very impressive.  We went to the Oxo Tower for dinner and this was easily within walking distance. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London stay at Hilton Bankside,"We stayed at the Hilton Bankside 6 days after a cruise to Norway. The location was excellent as we could visit most sides walking or using the subway. The hotel staff was very helpful including the concierge helping us getting to the sites we wanted to see. The room was large and very comfortable, and the breakfast was excellent. Overall a very  good experience.  In our next trip to London, we would definitely stay in this hotel",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top class!,"My wife and I recently stayed here and were both very impressed. The staff were very helpful, friendly and professional. The room was spotless and the bed was huge and really comfy. Breakfast was incredible and there were hundreds of items to choose from. Would definitely recommend it to others.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Sightseeing trip,I spent 8 nights at the Hilton in a king room. This is a brand new hotel and is well designed. The mini-fridge and tea kettle are hidden in drawers. There are also plenty of electric outlets. The shower was very spacious.   There are 2 grocery stores on the same street and several restaurants in easy walking distance. The Southwark tube station was a short walk away which made getting around fairly easy.   Overall I had a very pleasant stay. ,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1930-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"New hotel, but with noisy floors","I have stayed here twice now and it is a nice new hotel in a useful location, part way between Waterloo and London Bridge.  The rooms are not huge, but being new they're clean and well appointed.   However, I did experience some noise during my stay, which is a huge bug-bear of mine in hotels, so I will only stay here again if I can't get into any other nearby hotel.  In all cases the noise was generated by the fact that the entrance hallway in the rooms seems to be tiled flooring.  So any late night arrivals inevitably wake up their neighbours with clattering heels and luggage wheels.  A strange choice of flooring in my opinion. Aside from the weird flooring choice, it's a nice hotel in an accessible part of London.",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
1935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,Really smart new London hotel with excellent rooms and the comfiest beds. A lovely swimming pool and well equipped  gym. Great buffet breakfast and a large bar so it was always easy to get a seat and get served. Service was very good throughout the hotel. Location great as it's only 5 mins from Southwark tube and 2 mins behind the Tate. Would highly recommend this hotel especially if you don't want or need  to be in the West End. ,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Highly recommended,"Great short break,excellent service excellent king deluxe rooms,we had a bathroom with walkin shower very roomy.rooms cleaned everyday of our stay.excellent location for getting around london.Evening meal superb. Bar staff very knowledgeable if you like cocktails.restaurant food beautiful do recommend the steak cook to perfection. Would stay again thank you to the very welcoming staff .and a very big thank you to the welcoming Bar staff you know your cocktails and drinks .",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,excellent location,"got this on offer with b&b and free wifi .In a built up area, hotels and business blocks (clean and presentable streets,well lit and safe feel) few minutes walk from Blackfriars station, so close, the Eye, London Bridge,St.Pauls westminster, SHAKESPEARS DOME etc,we were in london for 3 days and didnt need the bus or trains. hotel is fab, rooms are so clean and functionally modern, beds so comfy and great shower! , buffet breakfast-yummy perfect set up for the day. staff really nice. cant wait to return :)",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel for Leisure or Business!,"If I write a review about a hotel or restaurant, it is because I have strong feelings about it.  I definitely have strong feelings about the London Hilton Bankside.  I stayed there for 7 nights along with my pregnant wife and 5-y.o. daughter and all three of us LOVED it.  The hotel might cater to more of a business clientele, but I highly recommend this hotel for families based on our experiences.  Here are some of the highlights below, but honestly, I could write pages about all the things we liked about the hotel.  Room:  We had a Junior Suite and it was very spacious for London standards and even for US standards, which we’re used to.  The beds were comfortable, there were plenty of amenities in the room/bathroom and everything was clean and modern, which it should for a new…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1935-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"The hotel was first class. Huge bed, lovely comfortable room. Walk in shower with a choice of overhead water or shower head on the wall. Staff were polite and attentive. They could not do enough to make your stay comfortable.  Breakfast was delicious with a huge choice. A short walk to The Globe or by the riverside. Excellent restaurant or a choice of local places to eat. Would definitely recommend.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel.,"Excellent service and quiet rooms.  Great location, easy to get to the Tube. Walking distance to the Thames and the River Walk.  Loved that the room had a small fridge for storing fruit and water. The shower was amazing!!",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Wonderful hotel, excellent location, would recommend!",We loved this hotel from the moment we arrived the staff were super friendly and helpful really made us feel welcome. The location is great it's in a quiet part of the city yet minutes away from the tube and attractions. The room was amazing (deluxe king suite) it was massive with very comfy bed. We had club room access which was brilliant got breakfast afternoon tea and drinks and Canapys in the evening. Although we were so busy sight seeing the second day we only used the breakfast (tasty) which made me wonder if it was worth the extra but I think it probably was😀. The pool was nice - again we were busy doing other things so only used it once. It's really good to get a bike to explore the less busy parts of London and the parks we enjoyed that and there is a bike hire just…,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"rude front desk, shame.....","Stayed at this hotel for 10 days, but the staff from the front desk was very rude and disrespectful. As a well established hotel chain you would think it should be run like a well oiled machine. However this certainly was not the case.   Paid in advance for a room, requesting a bath, but they only gave me a room with shower. Asked for another room with a bath. Was asked for another £100, on top of more than already £200 paid. After a half day waited, was told there wasn't a room with bath available. Manager apologised as I left. But, really, not good enough for a 5* hotel.   Most importantly, I called room service and asked for carrots and the staff asked additional 5 pounds cash.  Measure of a good hotel is not when things go well but when they go wrong. And this was very wrong.",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
1943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The extra mile is what counts,Hilton once again has excelled itself - high quality generally and superb customer service - the manager went the extra mile - service faultless - cannot recommend this hotel highly enough - breakfast top quality and location cannot be bettered,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1940-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"we loved the service, ammazing breakfast ,decor and the spacious room","Amazing can't wait to go back. Stayed here as a weekend treat over the bank holiday.best thing about it is the service.. Reception/Concierge/housekeeping impeccable service... These guys are extremely attentive to guest needs! Breakfast buffet is amazing.. Sorry ""other hotels Mondrian"" we wont be back!the breakfast in the restaurant was among the best we've ever had in Europe - with an amazing assortment of foods all deliciously prepared and beautifully presented.Spacious rooms & well designed ultra modern amenities makes the stay very comfortable. Very close the Tate modern museum & Borough Market.cant stop praising this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing can't wait to go back ,"Stayed here as a birthday treat over the bank holiday weekend managed to book the penthouse suite and did not disappoint,  I loved it large lounge area big bedroom and lovely bathroom with even better shower   Hotel staff couldn't do even for you we had a little mix up to start with but they went over and above to correct it   Pool and leisure area lovely we were the only ones in the pool nice and warm   Can't wait to go back ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
1946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel,"Stayed here as was attending WPM conference which was also at the Hilton, because of this I had reduced room rates so was very good value for money.  Great range of food for Breakfast and rooms really nice.  Staff were very friendly and made you feel extremely welcome.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Not our usual, but now will be","We don't normally stay here when in London... We tried this hotel this year and we will be back.. Very clean and new, best thing about it is the service.. Reception/Concierge/housekeeping impeccable service... These guys are extremely attentive to guest needs! Breakfast buffet is amazing.. Sorry ""the Mayfair"" we wont be back!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,Celebrated my 10th Wedding anniversary with the family. Good ambience and close to Thames. Spacious rooms & well designed ultra modern amenities makes the stay very comfortable. Very close the Tate modern museum & Borough Market.,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
1949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1945-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend Bread,"Stayed one night for a short weekend break.  Very friendly service.  Room spacious and clean.  Perfumed smell pumped out A/C in lobby a little overpowering. Did not have breakfast as this was an expensive extra, however short walk to southwalk tube station and Borough market not too far away.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Its Better at the { Hilton ] Bankside London,"My company held a sales conference over three days in May 2016 and we couldn't fault any aspect of the service and hospitality which was superlative.  I have stayed prior to this and the recommendation from a fellow traveller was well founded as the location is excellent on the periphery  of Southwark with great pubs , bars and restaurants and close to such tourist sights as the London Eye.  The hotel's own restaurant OXBO was very good , really good food with great service as is the bar which is staffed by a young , very friendly , professional and knowledgeable group of guys and gals who make all the guests feel very welcome, in particular Ricky,Michela and Shrina.  The Executive Lounge is really special, great food at breakfast and high tea, very spacious and very…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very comfortable,A very nice hotel set in the quieter area near London Bridge. Great facilities and the staff are very helpful and attentive. Had dinner in the restaurant and the starters were not quite right. The restaurant manager immediately apologised and removed it from the bill. They also followed up with a complimentary drink. The key to any service is how they perform when things go wrong. In this case I cannot fault the staff at the Hilton. Would thoroughly recommend.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London,"I stay in hotels extremely frequently and  can honestly say this hotel was amazing. The staff were all so accommodating, friendly, kind and couldn't do enough.  Really approachable and inviting reception, excellent standards on food, location and extra touches like cards, cakes and it has such a brand new modern feel.  I can't wait to come back this weekend and try the new penthouse suite for another celebratory weekend.  Hard to beat I can see this now becoming a regulary stop over,  I just had to share this find.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"We had a lovely stay here. It was a great location for The Tate and Southbank, and was only a 5min walk to Southwark tube. We were upgraded to a lovely room. The only downside was a lack of view. There was great live music, and the cocktails and food were lovely. Highly recommend. ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1950-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,What a gem!,"My wife and I stayed here on a Saturday night and had a lazy Sunday breakfast. The welcome on arrival was detailed and professional as we checked in and we got a call within three minute in our room from reception to ask if the room was ok and to our expectations. We had a cold beer in their executive lounge, out fit dinner then a cocktail nightcap in the superb bar with our lovely waitress. Breakfast was delicious with the best pastry display and choice with 3 chefs cooking fresh fried eggs  Clearly a well run hotel with exceptional service and staff. Well done!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent location, smart new hotel","The location is perfect, in a quiet side street yet 5 mins walk from the river, the bars and restaurants of London Bridge or Waterloo and on the Jubilee line to get into town. The hotel is brand new and the rooms and common facilities reflect that. The bar is fabulous, the staff are very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great conference hotel,"Conference facilities were excellent, particularly the food which was very nice. Rooms were very modern, neat and clean though don't have great views - go for a high level. Bed was comfy, though a little soft for me. Would definitely recommend and be happy to visit again.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My preferred London hotel for business trips,"I travel to London to work in our City office every couple of weeks or so,  and Hilton London Bankside is always the first place look for a room. Everything is always spotlessly clean and the whole property has a high quality and luxurious feel to it. Location is convenient for a walk to the City,  and there's probably 3 tube or rail stations easily walkable.  The restaurant food is as pricey as you would expect in a London Hilton,  but very good quality. The tapas in the bar are very good if you just want something small. There is a reasonable gym with a handful of cardiovascular machines,  a cable multi gym and a few kettle and free weights. If you have access,  the executive lounge is excellent,  especially for breakfast when it is lovely and peaceful and the staff are…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel! Loved it!,"Terrific hotel, great service, free wifi and free mini bar - very clean, amazing beds, comfortable and new.  Loved it and will definitely stay there again when we go back to London.  Also reasonably priced.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1955-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Gem of a hotel in central London - definitely recommended,"I stayed 25-27 May, 2016 (2 nights); for business.  This is an outstanding hotel in central London. I enjoyed my stay very much, and I will definitely stay again. I will summarise the pro's and Con's below:  1. The location is very good. The hotel is a short walk to Southwark and Blackfriars tube-stops, which gives access to the London under- and over-ground. The hotel is centrally located, so, very convenient for London business. 2. The hotel is very modern, so, it looks ""new"", which is great. 3. There are two late-night supermarkets downstairs, so, obtaining any essential extra's late at night is very convenient.  4. The executive lounge is fantastic, large and with a great selection of drinks and snacks. Plenty of seating, and very friendly staff. Thank you Matas and Kevin,…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent experience,Very welcoming and obliging staff. Ideal staff attitude and attentiveness. Room excellent. Some difficulty with heating control but overall very comfortable stay. Breakfast excellent variety and quality.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Almost Perfect Stay!,"My fiancée and I have just returned from a 2 night stay and we absolutely love this hotel! Its location is perfect, like an oasis away from the hustle and bustle of the town but still close enough for easy access to everything. On arrival we were handed some delicious cake whilst we waited to check in and more cupcakes on our way to the room! We stayed in a deluxe King, which was clean and modern with a really comfy bed, a lovely hot rain shower and big robes. We paid extra for breakfast each morning, it was a bit expensive for the amount you end up eating but it was convenient for us and there was a good selection of hot and cold and it was all delicious. Breakfast was served in the executive lounge which was beautifully furnished, very luxurious. The service was brilliant, we…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,great stay in a fabulous hotel,"Fabulous hotel, very comfortable bed with what seemed like a floating quilt. Very friendly staff, great location and amazing food. Good size, streamlined and clean room with little sound penetration. The pool and jacuzzi were an added bonus. Did I mention the delicious scrambled egg at breakfast?",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel but Breakfast Welcome lacking,"This is a very new hotel in quite a fast developing part of London.  It's about 10 minutes walk to Waterloo and only 5 minutes to Southwark tube.  There are lots of shops and eateries nearby and London Bridge isn't too far.  We had a standard inward looking room which means that you basically look out onto the inner courtyard but that isn't a big issue.  I would think that rooms on the outside have pretty good views.  The rooms aren't huge but adequate and have everything you need.  Very well decorated and lovely fittings with very nice en suites.  All very clean.  Would have given 4 stars except for lady (Silvia) on Breakfast reception.  On both mornings she wasn't at the entrance.  The first time, after waiting about 5 minutes, we decided to just sit down.  She immediately…",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
1964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1960-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best business hotels I've stayed in London,I've stayed at the Hilton London Banside about a dozen times so far both on vacation with my family and on business and I've found the hotel to be close to flawless by London standards.   Staff are professional and polite. Rooms are a reasonable size and well appointed. The gym and swimming pool are excellent. Please note that this all needs to be taken into the context that this is a LONDON hotel and space will alway be a premium and a decent London Hotel gym is actually quite poor by international standards.   The executive lounge is very nicely laid out and comfortable and evening snacks are of a high standard. The drinks service is not serve yourself and feel a little stilted as a result.   The restaurant is excellent although maybe a touch pricey.   All in all one of the…,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
1965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,What a pleasant surprise,"There I was expecting an old fashioned stuffy , even pretentious , large , impersonal big hotel and was blown away by the exact opposite - loved the intimate, contemporary personal vibe. Warm and friendly yet vibey and modern.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,smart hotel,"great hotel in a good location, brilliant breakfast only problem they don't sell pints in the bar only halfs £4.50 at the bar £4.00 if you sit at a table and the waitress gets it,rooms are spot on clean and comfortable bed",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay,Great hotel! Excellent location - metro is about 5 min walk and plenty of things to walk to without needing the tube! Big clean rooms and really comfortable bed. We were able to keep our luggage there after checking out for a few hours easily,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent overall, however a couple of niggles...","This is a stylish new hotel.  All the staff were friendly, welcoming and professional.  The bed was extremely comfortable and there was little noise travel from adjacent rooms.    The lounge was lovely and the staff there really good and accommodating.  The breakfast is very good - superb quality.  Now to the niggles which all relate to the room: awkward to dry your hair using the hairdryer provided with a coiled flex, the plug socket at skirting board level and only the mirrors inside the wardrobe to see what you are doing.  The only other mirrors are in the bathroom and the flex isn't long enough to even get to outside the bathroom room opposite the mirror there!  I prefer to sit at a dressing table with a mirror to do my hair and make up, but I couldn't here.  There was a…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1965-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location,"We stayed 3 nights at this hotel, in May. The hotel is situated in city center, at about 15-20 min of walking to London Eye or Big Ben. Also, you can go in 5 min to the underground station and some bus stations.  The hotel staff is very friendly and ready to help you when you need something. The room was very clean and nice equipped, with a enough space, very comfortable bed and big TV. The breakfast extremely variate and we appreciated a lot that you can ask the chef for something (e.g. an omelette) and they prepare very fast in front of you.  So, we liked the hotel based on its location, staffs, rooms and breakfast. We kindly recommend it and also we will choose it again, when we'll visit London again",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Refreshing Hilton Experience!,"Stayed 3 nights at the Hilton London Bankside and from now on this will be my regular address when staying in Central London. The hotel is located in a great area, just a few minutes away from the amazing Borough Market, Tate Modern and Southwark station which connects you to the rest of London.  Once you enter the lobby you immediately feel relaxed. The smell, the staff, the interior, everything is so inviting. The reception staff is great and welcoming, special thanks for Jan for taking care of us and being so kind during our stay. Not only reception staff, also the fitness/swimming pool staff, housekeeping and restaurant staff are all excellent. They are a huge plus to this hotel. The rooms are very stylish, great bathroom and very comfortable bed.  Another big plus was the…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, helpful staff","As you would expect from a Hilton, rooms were great, breakfast was fantastic and staff were helpful. Good location - in the centre of town quickly. If I was being really fussy there really should be a mirror at the table in the bedroom.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Stay,"Another Great stay at the Hilton Bankside, this hotel could be a great blueprint into modern hotels.  Handy for the South Bank, Borough Market and London Bridge.  This time got a room with a view rather than the blank internal wall like last time.  The rooms are airy, very modern and comfortable although the air-con can be a little noisy at times.  Loved the free snacks for being a returning guest and the breakfast is amazing, probably one of the best hotel buffets around. Cornish Yarg yum.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Can't fault,"I booked a room after an all day meeting. From the moment I arrived, I was pleasantly surprised ... The soft lighting, quiet music and gentle fragrance in reception are a welcome break from the streets of London.  Jan at reception was friendly, professional and welcoming and helped me select the best room for my needs (I like a quiet room, away from the elevator).  It was also lovely to be acknowledged as a regular Hhonors guest and offered more as a result. It seems many other Hilton venues simply offer a free bottle of water, a few extra points and faster internet, but Jan offered a better room category and a later checkout, which was very welcome.  The room was immaculate, large and pristine (the hotel has only been open 7 pr 8 months).  The bathroom was large and the walk-in…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1970-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Me and my cousin had the pleasure of staying at this wonderful and perfectly located hotel for three nights, celebrating her birthday. We were both really impressed with the service and friendly staff as well as very clean and comfortable rooms. Before leaving we decided that next time we are in London we will definately come back here again! Thanks for a memorable weekend. ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,414 happy Hilton customers,"Yes, there really was 414 of us.   Not all stayed but I did as the lead organiser of a Saturday evening banquet for charity, with not a single complaint from those who wined and dined. Service was super efficient, the food was great and the banqueting hall is huge.  I didn't have much time to make use of the hotel's other facilities but the room was also spacious and the breakfast next morning was bountiful and delicious.  I will be back - with another 400 or more next year.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top Hotel,Stayed here for hubby's birthday.  Near main road but no noise disturbance.  Comfortable bed and nice touch with the turn down service. Breakfast was amazing - everything from cereal and pastries to full English.  Eggs cooked to order (except scrambled - which were lovely).  Nice touch with the coffee machines so you can have cappuccinos or espressos with your brekkie.  Highly recommend the Oxbo restaurant for your evening meal.  All staff polite and very helpful and nothing seemed to be too much trouble.  Will definitely go back.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,21st Birthday Weekend,"Easy to access from jubilee line at Southwark tube station, great location, our room on third floor, poor view outside window with brick wall.  Staff were excellent very curtious and attentive. Comfortable beds, staff replenished toiletries water when asked. We had cocktails and nibbles in bar very friendly staff and excellent beverages. My daughter used the swimming pool and was impressed with the facilities. Would recommend.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,"I flew in from the states and arrived prior to check-in time. They took my bags for me while I waited and told me they would call when the room was ready. They didn't call, but the room was ready early (luckily I checked). I was very grateful to get into my room.   The staff is exceptional, exactly what you want when you're traveling to another country.  The room is clean, quiet, and nice. I only have a couple of ""what the heck?"" moments: First there isn't an iron and ironing board in the room. in america its part of the standard room amenities; second, the plug for the hairdryer doesn't fit into the bathroom outlet, so you have to dry your hair without a mirror.  There is a restaurant and a bar in this hotel, so you don't have to go far if you just need a bite or a drink. They…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1975-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Business 2 night stay,"Great atmosphere from the lobby up.  Pleasant welcome...last morning not so pleasant.When we checked in...one double one single...the double was upgraded to a suite..my single stayed as booked and it was clearly fitted for the disabled. I am not disabled....now I don't mind really having spent some time as a carer....but I was surprised. I was disturbed in the morning by the cleaner wanting to clean the room when i had another 3hrs before checkout...yes i know i should have put the ""do not disturb"" sign up but i forgot! The door was locked though so i was surprised to be ""knocked"". After checking out I was to meet colleagues in the executive lounge...I was told it was not available to me until i pointed out my connection with the other room. At this point I was beginning to feel…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb,"Location 3mins from Blackfriers Station where you can get the tube or train. Peaceful even though built up area, with plenty of cafes etc nearby for a snack etc. Breakfast at the Hotel truly amazing! You will not go hungry. The staff are just as amazing and look after you from the moment you arrive. Truly brilliant hotel with comfortable well laid out rooms that are spacious. This hotel has a lot to be proud of and great value for money. It has gym & swimming pool too. Hilton should be very proud of this hotel and its staff.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Thank you for great stay!,"Lovely hotel, welcoming staff. They did everything to exceed my expectations. A big thank you to Alex- Guest Relations Manager for all the assistance and Cem - The Front of House Manager who was very accommodating. ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Various business stays in a great hotel with outstanding staff,"Such a great place in London. When I first stayed here I was so super impressed, that I actually moved all my reservations to this hotel. I stayed in Bankside 5 weeks this year already and many more to come. Every time im checkin-out on Friday I feel like I do not want to leave. his hotel supposedly represents Hilton's ""new style approach"" and meets all the high expectations. As a frequent business traveller, spending most of the weeks and months in hotels, I am always impressed by the staff of this hotel. They are so well trained, professional and attentive, I have hardly seen that in any other Hotel so far on a daily basis. The front desk staff is quick and always tries to meet the guests needs, they also recognize the loyality tier and try to upgrade rooms on avaibility. I…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Anniversary stay,Beautiful hotel in a perfect location especially fo the Shard. The room was comfortable and the bed amazinge the bathroom and shower were superb. Breakfast was beautiful cooked to order and lots of healthy choices on the buffet.. The distillery bar was really good especially the Shakespeare cocktails. The staff were very helpful and friendly still new but would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1980-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely brand new hotel but still design flaws,"I stayed here on business for 2 days but with my husband and had an executive room.  The hotel on entrance was great, reception area all very nice and inviting, a luxurious feel about it but then we got to the room....  Our room view was of a brick wall from the building next door, we called reception and asked to move to another room of the same value/level for a view but were informed that ALL executive rooms have the same view - I just think its mad!  You pay a higher rate for such a room yet get lumbered with such a terrible room view.  The room was also VERY dark in interior design so to have zero natural light come in made the room feel very dark and gloomy, and unfortunately not in a romantic, seductive way.  Such a shame on what could have been a really great hotel room.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
1985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent birthday stay!,"Just returned from a fabulous 2 night stay at the Hilton Bankside   The hotel is in a fabulous location for getting around London and was beautifully modern and fresh.  We upgraded to a suite which came with lounge access which was faultless !   The staff are very professional, friendly and helpful and couldn't have done more   The distillery bar was a highlight!   Would definitely return !",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel,"Stayed here for two nights in May. The staff are amazing, everyone falling over themselves to make sure everything is exactly as you want; from reception to housemaids and waiting staff. Very quiet. Comfortable beds. Breakfast was excellent both days. Lovely smell in the public areas. No negatives. Will definitely return to this hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The Bankside hotel of recommendation ,"The hotel to merge the needs of relaxation, good times and business.   The staffs very welcoming and friendly with good sense of service and an eye out for any occasion to be helpful.   The breakfast not all as to desired if following an athletes diet as all vegetables were at display rather than an offer for nutrition.  On the other hand two chiefs were at their marks to cook, prepare and serve any likings in eggs.   All rooms in great standard and great soundproofing walls and doors to enable quiet and peaceful sleep.   The bathrooms big and comfortable with new interiors.   Finding former guests plasters in the shower put the first impression to the less positive side.   This is hotel I will return to whenever I go to the Bankside of London and I will recommend this to every…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
1988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel with friendly staff,We had a fast check in and got a fairly ok room. Missing a Music dot for iPhones that could have been nice.   Breakfast good and very good service.   However we dont like to The use of fragances / floders from reception area. Having an allergy its not really great.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1985-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London,"Due to my work, I have now stayed in just about every Hilton and Doubletree in London - this one beats the rest hands down.  We actually stayed here on a Saturday night on points and were upgraded to the executive floors and as Hilton Diamond members, also had access to the Executive Lounge.  The rooms themselves are everything you could hope for - large, comfortable, very sleep-inducing beds and lovely new linen and towels.  The location is brilliant - just behind the Tate Modern, but slightly away from the main drag makes it easy to walk to everything but also assures a quiet night. But, for me, it's the Lounge that makes it - with other Hiltons they are a bit restricted and a bit of an afterthought - this one is large, comfortable and with a wide range of drinks, afternoon…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very positive experience,"Stayed at the Hilton, Good hotel though not quite so central. However the ambience and hotel staff more than made up. Hotel is welcoming, staff are exceptionally well trained, helpful and professional.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A good alternative ,"Stayed here for three nights this May. This is one of the newer additions to the Hilton stable in London, and it clearly shows!!!   On the positive, one finds a hotel at a good location, highly-motivated staff really going out of their way to be of service, a hotel with a fresh design and very functional rooms, and roomy, modern bathrooms. The Club also works very well with an extremely attentive staff.   At the same time, the hotel still feels a bit rough around the edges: Room A/C set at 21 degrees centigrade, feeling like an ice chamber (getting comfortable at 25 degrees, a temperature, I usually don't like to experience in a hotel room), and the water-saving toilet feature not really working properly. Consequently, it felt like my room hadn't really passed final inspection. …",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect stay - and I've never said that before!,"Stylish, modern business hotel that delivered faultlessly. The room was very quiet, the bed very comfortable, the TV system functions all worked fully, the lighting and air con all worked properly and sensibly, the wifi connected easily and was suitably fast, the bathroom with walk in shower was spotless, the towels were fluffy, there was an iron, safe, dressing gown. It really was impossible to find fault, and in fact it was one of the best most relaxing overnight stays I've had in London. Excellent!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Essentially Superb,"We are a hard bunch to please, in our daily routine but much more when traveling.  Having said that, we were happy to find out that we are staying in what is probably among the best hotel of its price range in London.   The staff, especially Corina, are among the best we have encountered in our many world travels, including London for over a dozen of other, similar, visits.  The design is state of the art, being both helpful and elegant.  The rooms are clean, the bed is comfortable to the point of sleeping way later than you should and there is excellent and fast WiFi coverage. They do make you re-login once in 24 hours but that is a rather small (though utterly unnecessary) trouble.  The breakfast is extraordinary, out shining many of the nicest cafes in London and reaching to…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1990-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Shocking,"From the moment I arrived to the moment I left ,staying in this hotel was a complete catalogue of errors and mix ups. The staff were rude and disrespectful. The food was awful ! As a well established hotel chain you would think it should be run like a well oiled machine. However this certainly was not the case at the Hilton Bankside.  I recommend to any traveller to give this hotel a miss as there are far nicer hotels in this vicinity.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
1995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bankside newbie,"Great hotel with good features, lovely staff at a fair price. Will definitely be staying again. Only criticism would be limited gym equipment, though this is mitigated by the great location. My new favourite London hotel. ",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
1996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lived up to expectations,"Having read press and trip advisor reviews I was very much looking forward to my stay and it did not disappoint. Great staff, excellent rooms, lovely pool and changing rooms, good location. I really did not want to leave. Can't praise the management and staff enough, best I've encountered in this country.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good stay at a good rate ,"The Hilton Bankside After our last stay in London at the Kensington Hilton, I had second thoughts about booking a Hilton again as it was poor. Thankfully the Hilton Bankside has restored my faith as the hotel met all requirements , from room to the service everything was first class and as I got it at a good rate with breakfast included (£25 otherwise which is a bit much ) it was a well worth it.  ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A really enjoyable stay at a surprisingly accessible location,"From start to finish this was an impressive example of customer focused attention to detail.   I stayed here for one night and cannot fault the experience. Attentive doorman and concierge, impeccably trained and attentive receptionist, clean and modern room (I had a deluxe King) and a great breakfast offer.   I regularly stay at Hilton hotels and this is by far the best one in London so far. Helped by being newly built, there was an impressive and consistent impression that the staff were focused on customer service.   Breakfast was an exemplar on how to do it. Plenty of choice, fresh high quality food, a hot choice which was actually hot and decent bean to cup coffee. The only downside was a small queue at peak time - but this was caused by the staff wishing to settle each and…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
1999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or1995-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great place to stay,"I had a 5 day business stay here and it has been a great place.  From the minute I arrived, service has been outstanding.  Everyone always has a smile and they can't do enough to help. There are a lot of hotels that could learn customer service from the group here. On top of that, the rooms are clean and up to date.  I will come back here anytime I'm in London. It is reasonably close to the underground too. ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice new hotel,"A new,very nice and quiet hotel. Great breakfast and polite and helpful staff. I like a firm bed, but the bed I got in a twin room was a bit too firm for me. That was the only negative with the hotel. A small Tesco and Sanisbury´s right outside.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic for a big city weekend,"We were 4 couples having a fun weekend in London. The hotel in located near South Bank and Borough Market with heaps of pubs, cafes and reastaurant all over. The rooms were great, big comfy beds and the cleaning was amazing. They cleaned the rooms twice a day! Free good wifi. Breakfast was very exspencive but there are lots of nice cafes in the neighbourhood where you can have a lovely breakfast. The minibar was complimentary but could have had a better selection of drinks....but would love to stay again. Perfect location, perfect service, great staff.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic place,"This is a new hotel, and the place is a treat. Lots of positives, but I guess the most important involves the staff, who were all super-efficient, friendly and helpful. The rooms are very nice and neat, with lovely comfortable beds, nice decor, and great sound-proofing. The location is perfect for the Globe, the Tate, Borough Market and all the delights of Bankside. I really can't fault the stay we had there, and full credit and congratulations go to all there who made our stay such a pleasure. Wouldn't it be great if all hotels were this good?",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bravo. Excellence at every interaction.,"Having a fantastic stay at the Hilton Bankside. The hotel itself is clean, modern, comfortable with a staff that is delivering excellence with every interaction. Highly recommended for business travelers and leisure travelers looking for something a little bit different.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2000-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceptional urban designed hotel,"Stayed here after reading about this property only opening a few months prior and the hotel was perfectly located close to the South Bank for a birthday weekend in London for my partner. Booked a Deluxe King Room which are located on the higher floors, but as this is low rise building your never going to get stunning views and the windows are small but saying that we did have a little partial view of St Pauls Cathedral. The whole hotel and the rooms are of a very urban design that works really well and is a complete step change from the other Hilton hotels. The bathrooms are amazing with huge walk in showers. The hotel bar is sublime, even had drinks here before leaving as it was such a great space to relax. The staff are amazing, really made an effort to make you feel welcome,…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best hotel we've stayed in,"Stayed for 2 nights with my husband for my birthday. We arrived a couple of hours too early so just left our luggage there for the afternoon. On our return we were given the room number. Our bags were already in the room! Fabulous room, big, comfortable & spotless. Very friendly staff. In particular Michaela (the bar manager) was excellent at her job, very welcoming and cheerful. She was a credit to the Hilton.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely Hotel! Would stay again!,Stayed at this hotel for a friend’s birthday. At tea time we were brought a lovely slice of cake and fruit from room service – such a lovely thought and made our stay that extra bit special.  Pros: Location – great for exploring (close to waterloo too) Decor Polite and friendly staff Exec Lounge choice of beverages in the evening Upgraded to Junior Suite – Room was bigger than normal with a sofa  Free Mini bar (confectionary & non-alcoholic beverages only)  Cons: Executive Lounge choice of food Swimming Pool closed due to maintenance (although this was stated on their website)  Poached Eggs at breakfast were watery Self service tea/coffee at breakfast  Courtyard facing room,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A lovely hotel with great staff - but poor room design for the ladies,"A new modern hotel on the south bank of the Thames. Great location. All of the staff were lovely, very friendly and helpful. The rooms are modern and very comfortable. However, once again whoever designed the rooms did not consider the ladies.... There is no dressing table and no mirror for doing hair. The bathroom is lovely and well lit, but to do your hair, you have to open the wardrobe door for a mirror, drag a chair over from the other side of the room and use the plug located on the bedside table.   We booked club rooms which was great. Afternoon tea from 3 til 5, evening bar and canapés from 5:30 til 8. However, I was surprised that to have a full English breakfast in the main restaurant, you have to pay an extra £7.   Other than that, a great hotel.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Not a fault, 5*!!","Stayed here for 2 nights with my partner and we were both thoroughly impressed... in fact couldn't fault it!! Beautifully clean & modern room with a lovely bathroom and a very comfortable king size bed. Made you feel like you were staying somewhere luxurious! I think Hilton have got it spot on and if I could stay at this standard of hotel every time I stayed away from home, I would be a very happy traveller!! ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2005-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exquisite experience,"I had booked a Junior suite with access to the executive lounge for 2 nights with my girlfriend. Check-in was scheduled for 15:00. Upon arrival, we were told that our room was not yet ready and would have to wait half an hour. The receptionist kindly escorted us to the executive lounge were we enjoyed a few pastries and beverages. Around half an hour later, the receptionist returned and told us that we had been upgraded to a one-bedroom suite as compensation for the delay. We were once again escorted to our suite and our luggage followed soon after. In addition, I must say the value for money was one of the best in comparison to other 5-star hotels in the area. The excellent attentiveness of the staff, the quality of the room as well as the prime location made our stay all but…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great option near Borough Market in Southwark,We were a bit skeptical as to location. However the hotel is only a short distance from West End theaters and myriad London attractions. We had a Shard facing suite with separate sitting area and comfy king bed. Two large HD televisions and fast free wireless. Great executive lounge with an amazingly intuitive staff. Look for Per the main contact at the front office. Per is an amazing manager. He really should be running a five star resort in some exotic Asian or Caribbean resort. GM take notice. This guy is an amazing professional. Partner and I are Hilton diamond and have seen lots of hotel managers. Excellent housekeeping !  Quick ice service and room service. We will return. Oh and we visited 8 nights and hated to check out. That rarely happens. ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A fantastic hotel,Spotlessly clean with really helpful and friendly staff. I have stayed here 3 times now and each stay has been perfect. Big comfy beds and a superb executive lounge. Eva in the reservations department has been really helpful . My new favourite London hotel,Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Penthouse suite,The staff were outstanding and the hotel location was excellent. The Penthouse suite was extremely luxurious. However the only disappointment were the views from the roof top terrace which were nothing special. One of the selling points had been the views  more emphasis should be placed on the space which did not disappoint. However overall a very enjoyable time and would recommend but not for the views!,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,What a really pleasant surprise,"The best Hilton I have ever stayed in, stunning reception area and it just continued throughout the hotel, corridors are plush and the room was amazing, very modern but also functional, I'd happily move my hotel reservations here and use the tube from Southwark to areas I need to be in, such is the standard of the hotel and at times, the hotel prices are very good.  I'd highly recommend and I will revisit",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2010-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Terrific new Hilton. Great experience!,"Hilton diamond member - I stayed here not long after it opened, I was here for 4 nights a week for about two months, so I'm in a good posiiton to comment.   The rooms are probably the finest I've ever encountered in a Hilton, really really nice. The staff were on their A game (as you'd expect in a new hotel) and the restaurant food was pricey, but delicious. Probably the best Hilton restaurant I've eaten in. Wonderful for breakfast also.   Really looking forward to coming back here.   In terms of location, it's about 8mins of a walk to the nearest underground station.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent for couples,"Stayed here whilst attending a concert over a weekend away from kids with my wife. Hotel was superbly located, well presented (very new), great facilities and amazing value for money for the quality you get. Bar man made personal cocktails and entertained us with great stories about the history of cocktails and certain spirits. Overall no problems and all superb. Will be back asap just to stay here.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,This Is Where Everyone Should Stay,"From the moment we checked in it was completely special.  Eve greeted us and showed us around.  It was our last stay on our Round the World trip and we wanted it to be special.   This is a brand new facility that is aesthetically really cool.  It has a cool vibe to it while remaining really luxurious.  We stayed in the Junior Executive Suite and had a ton of space to relax and spread out.  It has 1 full enormous bathroom with a spacious stand up and also has a full bathtub that I was actually able to shower in as well.  It also has a little half bath as well :) Loved that!! The location is great - it offers something different other than just being close to tourist attractions.  It's close to fun local shopping, the Burrough Market, great pubs and restaurants. Hannah at the…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"A very, very good new hotel. ","I'd been recommended this hotel by  colleagues who'd sung its praises. It did not disappoint.   We were lucky enough to stay in a King Deluxe One Bedroom Suite. It was impeccably turned out with a very functional lounge, a guest WC, a cosy bed room and a huge and luxurious bathroom. Bonus features included free soft drinks in the mini bar, a nespresso-esque machine and really good quality Black out curtains with afforded us a good lie in.   The bed was very comfortable and we had no noise disturbances - a good night's sleep was enjoyed.   The executive lounge was stunning, with attentive waiters and good selection of food both in the evening and for breakfast.   Unfortunately, we didn't have time to enjoy the pool facilities, so cannot comment, but if they're up to the standard…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Not your average Hilton, highly recommended","Hilton is a bit of an odd brand.  Some hotel brands are consistently good (or at least consistent, thinking Travel Inn) but I've stayed in Hilton's that have been great and others really not so.  Luckily this was the former, in fact I'd say this is the nicest Hilton I've stayed in.  It's in a good location, close to all the action at Borough Market and only 5-10 minutes walk from Southwark tube (Jubilee line).  Extremely professional and attentive staff and smooth check in.  I had room 413 which didn't have much of a view but was a good size and very nicely appointed.  I had booked a Deluxe but was upgraded, not quite sure what to as the room looked fairly standard.  The whole hotel has a cosy but high class feel to it.  Room had the usual 42"" LCD TV (with rip off movie rentals,…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2015-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely new boutique Hilton,"This is my favorite Hilton hotel in London. The place has a lovely unique feel to it, with great details such as the foxes which u find back everywhere in the hotel design. Beautifully designed with eye for detail, in a great neighborhood with top service this hotel has everything for both the business and personal traveller. Have stayed in many hotels in London over the past 20 years, however this is my favorite, and one of the few business hotels I frequent with my family. Amazing value as well compared to other London hotels. Cannot recommend this hotel enough!",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good location,"We stayed at the Hilton Bankside for a weekend break in London. The hotel is located in a good area. Only a 10 to 15 minute walk from Waterloo Station. The hotel is new and is obviously in excellent condition. The staff are very helpful, friendly and very smartly dressed. Breakfast was lovely with a very good selection of hot and cold food. The hotel bar has a good atmosphere although the drinks were quite expensive. £3.50 for a dash of coke was excessive making my Rum & Coke expensive !",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderul hotel,"When last year in September we heard that Glen Close would be performing in Sunset Boulevard once more, we immediately booked tickets and also needed a hotel for the night. I had saved up around 100,000 Hilton Honor Points so I thought we could have a room for free for that amount. Well, browsing the HIlton hotels in London we came across the not yet open Hilton Bankside, where to our astonishment we could have a one bedroom suite for the amount of points saved! On our arrival at the hotel we were warmly greeted by a friendly receptionist. And the room was even above expectation! Spacious, very quiet and situated on a higher floor. The bed was wonderful to sleep in. We both slept solidly. Also the breakfast had an excellent choice of offerings - same goes for the afternoon tea…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the best,"Really enjoyed this hotel. Staff are friendly, helpful and efficient. Location is great, right by Tate Modern. Room comfortable with quiet air con that actually works. Even have turn down service. Only niggle is why no minibar? Given that swipe your card on arrival no risk to them? ",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful Hotel,"This hotel is beautiful - the rooms are so nice  It's also much bigger than average for a room in a London hotel - it's a real luxury to have so much space  It's a new hotel so really nice and modern  I would say breakfast is a total rip off, so we got coffee and croissants from the M&S down the road. However, it's not anymore expensive than other London hotels so if u don't mind paying £25 each for breakfast go for it",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
2024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2020-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Service - Outstanding Food,We spent 5 nights here at the end of April. We were greeted warmly by Hj at the front desk who (because of our Diamond status) upgraded us to an  Executive King room. Our room wasn't ready yet so she showed us to the Executive Lounge where we ate tea sandwiches and scones while we waited. The Executive Lounge is very comfortable and well appointed - especially when you go there on off-peak times because it can get very crowded. We loved our comfortable spacious room and the breakfast in the restaurant was among the best we've ever had in Europe -  with an amazing assortment of foods all deliciously prepared and beautifully presented. ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic staff, great location!","Just perfect. We had an executive suite with access to the executive lounge serving breakfast, afternoon tea & canapes. I thought this was fantastic & such a great added bonus. The staff were amazing & I cannot fault the hotel on anything. Location is also great. I hope they keep up this level of service. I'll certainly return on our short London stays.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Bankside,"I got a very good impression of this Hilton hotel. I traveled alone and stayed for 3 days. Really good location as it takes around 10 minutes to walk to London Bridge and Borough Market. It takes around 3 mins to walk to the closest underground ""Southwark"".  The staff took good care of me and I didn't have anything to complain about other than that the rooms are small compared to what I'm used to. However that is how it is in London from my previous experiences.  I would recommend taking a room with Executive lounge access as that is by far the best option for business people and families. I would not bother with the breakfast if you have access to the Executive lounge as it's pretty much the same.  So all in all i would definitely stay here again on my next trip to London.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"A great hotel for business, less for families","We stayed at the Hilton for a week, and it was everything you would expect a Hilton to be: Nice rooms, great breakfast, helpful staff and generaly great value for money. This Hilton is on the southbank, behind Tate Modern, which is a fast renewing area, but mainly for business. There is very little nightlife around, and you have to travel (cab otr tube( across the river for the good restaurants, shows and most sites of the city. We were the only family with kids in the hotel during our stay, and although it was a very  good overall expirience  you should consider all these factors when choosing to stay in this area of London.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton ever,"We recently spent 7 nights at the new Hilton Bankside. It has a great location being close to the south bank of the Thames, Tate Modern and Shakeaspeare Globe. Within a 1 to 1.5 mile walk you can get to Parliment, British Museum, Nat Gallery, Imperial War Museum, Theatre district, Borough Market, Tower of London etc etc.  The staff were outstanding top to bottom.... Check in, housekeeping, executive lounge etc etc. totally 5 stars.... Better that any other Hilton we have stayed at, and we have stayed at many across Europe, US, Russia, Japan and South America.  Try to get access to the Executive lounge... Great breakfast and appetizer/beer/wine 5.30-7.30 every evening.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2025-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bankside Hilton Hotel,"Good place to stay on the Southbank: behind the Tate Modern, 5 minutes from The Globe, quick walk over the Bridge to the other side.  Hotel staff delightful, room clean, comfortable, bathroom first rate, good finishings - no poor workmanship as far as I could see.  No beautiful views, but that is not what I was there for.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2030,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,What a great shame.....,"Gave this hotel a glowing review when I stayed last October. Cannot do so this time. Extremely disappointing and frustrating stay. Paid in advance for a room, requesting a bath. 5th floor room had only a shower. Asked for another room, with a bath. Was asked  for another £100, on top of more than already £200 paid. After a half hour wait in the lobby, was told there wasn't a room with bath available. Eventually there was. For another £25. Manager apologised as I left. But, really, not good enough for a 5* hotel. Measure of a good hotel is not when things go well but when they go wrong. And this was very wrong.",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
2031,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent. Highly recommended. ,"I'll definitely be going back to this hotel. Almost faultless. It's pretty much brand new and is really nicely done. Feels very luxurious and both the rooms and public areas are very pleasant.   Large room, fantastic bathroom, big comfortable bed, no noise, huge walk-in shower. Really fantastic.   Silly little pedal bin in the bathroom that falls over when you step on the pedal. Who designs these things?  The bar and restaurant are very nice indeed. Although I didn't have dinner, the breakfast spread was superb.   Wifi was free for me with my HH card but hunk it's chargeable otherwise. This is scandalous in this day and age; hotels don't charge extra for running water and lighting. Why wifi?  Staff were all charming and super-attentive.   Can't recommend this place more highly.…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2032,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel for a business traveler,"Stayed here for as few nights recently and I really like this hotel.  I had a room at the back which was very quiet although not a great view. Large and very comfy bed with nice duvet and pillows. Big desk with plenty of sockets. Big TV with plenty of channels plus tea/coffee facilities. Curtains did a good job of keeping the light out. Big bathroom with a really good shower with lots of hot water.  Room was spotlessly clean. Breakfast was probably the best one I've had for a very long time. Really good selection of hot & cold foods. Pastries were fresh and tasty as was the fruit. Two chefs available for eggs, omelettes and fresh pancakes etc. Staff excellent throughout.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2033,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Attentive staff but lacks a basic requirement,We stayed here for one night over the London Marathon weekend. It's location is good - close enough to the tourist trail south of the river but far enough inland so as not to be disturbed by traffic or crowds. There is also a Tesco Express across the road and a Sainsbury's Local next door for any last minute items you may have forgotten or if you fancy a midnight snack. The hotel itself is immaculate and the staff are very efficient and extremely welcoming. Nothing appeared to be too much trouble for them. In fact after returning home we discovered that we'd left our washbag and toiletries in the rooms bathroom. I placed a quick call to the hotel to advise them and 5 mins later they called back confirming they had the washbag and would be happy to send it to me (as long as I…,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2034,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2030-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Recommended,"Modern, new hotel. Rooms are medium-sized, but very effective. The beds are great. Gym is a bit small, but if there are not too many people there it works. You have to try the pool. Great relaxation after a long day at work.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2035,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great new hotel in an ideal location,"Stayed for one night easy access from Waterloo station 7 min walk or couple minutes in a taxi.   New hotel and it shows rooms are really modern. Good sized rooms and bathrooms are great with rain shower and massaging shower.   Check in and check out process quick and efficient, staff were friendly and helpful.   Would stay again. ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2036,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overall experience,"First class hotel and facilities. Excellent position. Friendly, professional staff. Good restaurant facilities and bar. Close to the Tate Modern Gallery and and Burrough Market.  A very pleasant experience in total.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2037,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Polite and friendly staff, good location.","The hotel is modern, clean and in easy reach of many local attractions, as well as being convenient for the tube at Southwark. Worth noting that they are very unlikely to have your room available any time before 3pm but may offer you the chance to upgrade to a room that conveniently will be available if you pay a bit more. Staff were very friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2038,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Modern Hotel,"We stayed here over the London Marathon weekend. 5 minutes walk from Southwark tube station, situated in an area with loads of bars and restaurants, and a fairly central South of the river location with short walks to several London landmarks. The hotel itself was modern, felt clean and tidy and we were greeted by very friendly staff on check-in. We had a Twin Executive Room with Lounge access. The bedroom was large, with work area and a sofa. Large t.v. very comfy bed and pillows and a generously sized bathroom. We had afternoon tea in the Executive Lounge which was quite busy and the only gripe would be that it constantly ran out of food! It needed more and a more regular top-up. Breakfast in there the next morning was completely different, very quiet and loads of food and…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2039,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2035-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The highest possible standards.,"From the moment you arrive it's obvious this hotel is a cut above the rest.  It's a modern hotel with old fashioned standards that would be expected from a high end hotel.  The bar was delightful but as you would expect pricey (2 gins, 2 half ale, 2 cola's =£54).   The staff were friendly and utterly professional.This new and cutting edge hotel has rooms to match ( we had a suite with a connecting twin room for the children) and we all looked forward to returning to the room for some chillout time in comfort.  In the morning the children were pleading with me to buy them beds exactly the same as the ones they had been sleeping in... we all had the best nights sleep.  This hotel is  perfectly located for great places to eat and attractions from Tate Modern to The London Eye (a…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2040,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London Marathon 2016,"Just left this amazing hotel, I have stayed in a lot of Hilton hotels across the globe and this one currently tops them all.  Room was nice, clean and spacious.  What makes this hotel top my list is the staff they were absolute top notch could not fault them.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2041,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,"A twin room on the 1st floor. Fully air-conditioned and exceptionally well presented and organised in all aspects. Drink and restaurant meals a trifle expensive but, of generally good quality. Bedroom extremely well laid out & very comfortable. Wet-room style shower & excellent beds. All staff in all areas were exceptionally helpful and attentive. Brilliant location for a London visit.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2042,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel - very modern and comfortable,"We stayed at the Hilton the night before the London marathon and it really exceeded our expectations. Our room was huge, ultra modern and super comfortable! The breakfast was also lovely and it was great that it started early allowing runners to eat before heading off. The staff were also very accommodating, allowing us a late checkout and keeping our bags for us. Loved our stay and will definitely be back!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2043,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Hotel on the South Bank,"My wife and I spent a night here before she was due for an operation at Guy's Hospital and decided to splash on a nice hotel for the night.  Overall we had a wonderful stay, with only a couple of points to nitpick. We decided to drive to London and use the Valet Parking at the hotel as this was easily cheaper than the train. It cost £40 and although I'm sure I could have found cheaper parking locally, it was worth the convenience of driving right up to the hotel forecourt. The valet greeted us politely and took our luggage to the front desk and off went the car. The receptionist was a very polite young man who took an interest in our stay and was friendly and chatty whilst checking us in.  My first little gripe was that it took them several hours to bring our luggage up to the…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2044,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2040-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wow factor indeed 5 star lovely food lovely atmosphere ,Stayed here for two nights with breakfast luckily had a voucher I  bought . Stunning hotel couldn't fault it. Would love to stay again Quite pricey breakfast alone was £50 we stayed in a deluxe room with the most comfortable huge bed black out curtains were dangerous totally eliminates the aspect of time   10/10 ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2045,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice....,"So it's like a 10 minute walk from London Bridge or if you know the shortcut (side of Nando's) like 3 minutes from Southwark. check in excellent, room big, clean and quiet. mini bar with free soft drinks was a nice touch, tv nice and big, loads of space for hanging stuff up et cetera and the bathroom nice, new and clean. The only downside in the room was no hanging mirror, in fact the only one was in the bathroom. Breakfast was nice and they will make eggs et cetera to order. check out was fine. Don't know whether I would stay again ONLY because our corporate rate was low due to the newness of the hotel, now 3 months on it's like £200 a night! Forgot to say gym and pool were excellent but NO mobile phone reception down there!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2046,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,This is what every Hilton should aspire to be!,"I've stayed at many Hilton hotels over the years.  I'm currently Diamond with them.  This hotel is everything the brand should stand for.  The hotel is exceptionally well located.  The rooms are a good size and well laid out.  The staff are polite and professional.  It's funky and classy and new.  The Executive Lounge is one of the best I have been to.  I liked every single thing about this hotel ... and I am a VERY PICKY customer when it comes to my hotel stays.  Stay here.  You won't be disappointed.  While you're at it, take a stroll across the street and enjoy the art at the Tate Modern.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2047,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Easter Weekend stay,"My wife and Daughter checked in on Good Friday and I notified the hotel that it was my wife's birthday, not only did they supply a cake but also Easter eggs for them, without charge. I joined them on Sunday and was impressed with the level of service, attention to detail, the quality of the rooms and food,which was plentiful. The staff were excellent, their attentiveness and attention to detail was some of the best I had witnessed anywhere in the world. This was the first time I had stayed at this hotel but it will not be the last. For those who like to keep fit, the gym was small but had sufficient equipment to cater for those who wished to use it and also a swimming pool that was inviting and spotless, with loungers alongside the pool",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2048,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location for South Bank and the City of London,"From our arrival to our departure, every staff member we came across was friendly and helpful. Our room was modern with very comfortable beds, full length mirror and a great bathroom and shower. Will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2049,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2045-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great, cool hotel - coming back for sure :)","What a nice positive stay. Everything was fantastic from entering parking infront of hotel to I left hotel 2 days later.  Staff was fantastic , smiling, knowledgeable and helpful.  Hotel is modern ( newly opened ) , with smart modern design , great decor, clean, airy and welcoming in all ways . Rooms are spacious , nice bed sizes ( even when you are 1,9 meter ), good airconditioning / heating , nice spacious barhrooms - so all great here . Breakfast great - with good choice for most tastes - had dinner one night and also nice menu and good wine selection.  Gym ok and bar/ lobby restaurant cool and busy. For sure a hotel I will visit again, if I'm on south side - and did I mention that Tate modern is only 2 min away - milenium bridge 5 min away - cool area to explore - I'm really…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2050,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beware the Hilton Pre Authorization.. and forget the Exec Lounge!,I don't actually like to be too critical but I'm afraid I have to make the points below. Lovely hotel.. quiet room.. great location.. good staff.... great Breakfast .But..  and bear in mind the stay was £469 for one night with no additional food..  1) Pre - authorization of card.Usual pre-authorization of credit card on arrival but this was for the full stay so a significant sum. I paid in full on check out only to note on my bank statement later in the week that the pre-authorized sum had actually been debited as well as the check out settlement and had been taken from my available bank funds. Had to contact hotel and get them to cancel the transaction. Same thing has happened to friends at other Hilton hotels. So when you check out make sure they have cancelled the…,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2051,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Luxury weekend, stunning hotel","Friendly, helpful staff, amazing food, stunning room with flatscreen tv and surround sound. swimming pool and fitness suite.excellent location just two stops on tube to Westminster. We didn't want to leave and will definitely go back. ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2052,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great London hotel,"I took my husband here for his 50th birthday as we were visiting friends who live in that area. I had mentioned when I wanted a slightly earlier check in that it was my husbands birthday and we needed to be somewhere else. The staff at check in were lovely. For a London hotel this is great and in a good location. The room was a large size although the view to the other rooms wasn't great but then it's London so I didn't expect much. When we got back in the evening after celebrating with friends, the hotel had kindly left a chocolate cake with happy birthday wrote on the plate in our room with a little card. This was a lovely touch and I would like to thank whoever did this. Breakfast the next day was amazing, loved it. It's a great hotel which I will definitely recommend for…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2053,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Recent stay,"I don't think I've ever encountered a friendlier staff at a Hilton property. Alberto is top notch! The male concierges were very helpful. Ricardo, the chef in the morning was very good and fun. Breakfast was unbelievably great. The only thing I didn't like was the lack of a real window in my room. I think prison cells have bigger windows than the one in my room.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2054,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2050-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Pleasant stay in London,Very helpful and nice stuff. Quiet rooms with excellent beds. The show of the barkeepers is the best I ever seen. Very good  drinks and nice ambient. The location of the hotel is perfect to see many places by walking and the underground is just a few blocks away.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2055,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the finest in the chain....,"One of the best Hiltons I have had the pleasure of visiting.  Great location for Central London with Southwark tube a 4 minute walk away.  The hotel is an easy 20 minute walk into Westminster along the Thames, which is a lovely walk.  The hotel has a well equipped gym and pool.  The staff are outstanding and I have rarely seen a better trained and happy bunch.  The rooms are really nice and a good size.  The bathrooms are also well designed and fresh.    The bar area is really good and they do high-end cocktails with a well stocked gin bar.  The bar staff the night I was in coped well with a sudden influx of customers.    The breakfast was outstanding and again the exec lounge staff were friendly, pleasant and professional.  Overall an absolute credit to the brand.  Ill be back…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2056,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful and quiet. ,"I loved this hotel. It's very new and sleek which may not appeal to everyone but the room (I had a king) was delightful; spacious and with everything you think you would need for a couple of days stay and even some things you didn't think you did.   The bathroom and shower were superb, I loved the ability to turn up the tv volume in the bathroom so while I was in the shower I could continue to hear the news or listen to the radio.   The staff were friendly and helpful, and nothing seemed to be too much trouble. The hotel is in a fantastic location, just a few minutes from Borough Market and Bankside and there's a bus at the end of the street that will take you to Covent Garden and the Theatre district. The bar is sleek and the cocktail list extensive, the drinks are a little…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2057,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Staff!,"Despite only staying one night we loved the ambience of the hotel. The staff were all polite and lovely, and after seeing the menu we decided to dine in the restaurant. Matteo was our superb host - nothing was too much trouble and he was able to recommend great wines to compliment our chosen meals, which was of an excellent standard and absolutely delicious.  Thank you for making our weekend with friends one to remember. ",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2058,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for money for a 5 star hotel in London,"This is the most stylish Hilton we've ever stayed in.  The entrance lobby is huge and very nicely decorated.  Our room was enormous - very wide bed and a large showeroom.  The hotel is very stylish throughout, and there's a large bar and restaurant, both of which were fairly quiet.  The OXBO restaurant seems to offer good value set menus and Sunday lunches.  One thing that's fairly odd is the mini-bar arrangement.  For some reason, the mini-bar is completely empty and you have to call Housekeeping if you want anything put in it.  Service was a tiny bit hit-and-miss during our stay for some of the smaller items such as water and tea in the room.  In terms of location, it's roughly 10 minutes to Borough Market if you fancy a street food breakfast or a cup of hot mulled cider (or…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2059,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2055-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice New Hilton,"First stay here after previously visiting the restaurant. Good check-in with an hhonors upgrade. Nice modern room, spacious, clean (as you would hope for a new property). Complimentary mineral water and fruit in the room.  Good service in the bar, although the food wasn't particularly notable. Slightly disappointing in the Exec Lounge the following night as the canapes were removed quite early compared with other properties - 19:30, so I missed pigging out on cheese and biscuits!  A slightly strange blip when I was phoned on the morning of my second day to ask whether I'd checked out ""because housekeeping said the room was empty."" I had a shirt hanging in the wardrobe and all my smalls and other accoutrements in a drawer.  On the whole though, I will be staying again - very…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2060,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Modern & New,"Great new hotel in Southwark area, stayed 3 nights. Rooms are all renovated & modern, hotel itself is lovely. Service is awesome, especially the concierge. The view from some rooms are not at all interesting. The neighbourhood is overall good, close to walk to Borough Market & Tate Modern, although the fastest way to walk to the subway is indirect through a small neighborhood and area is mostly offices. Overall I would return + recommend.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2061,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Special place to stay,"I stayed for nights on business this week. What a fabulous hotel!! Everything about the stay was superb. Spacious twin room (large single beds), huge walk in shower. It was very quiet, well furnished with everything I needed. I ate in the OXBO restaurant which served a good selection of grills and fish. I chose the £25 table d'hote which was great value and a delicious 3 courses with half a bottle of fizz.   The hotel is near the Tate Modern, Borough Market, The Shard and London Bridge a very busy area but it was such a calm place to stay away from all the bustle outside.    All positive but what made this hotel so special was the staff. I travel quite a lot for business and pleasure and the staff in this hotel were all exceptional. Every one of them was friendly.  They smiled,…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2062,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,This Should Be The Future of Hilton,"Modern, cool, trendy & slick? Not something normally associated with Hiltons. Think again. The Hilton Bankside is (don’t be put off) kind of like a grown up W Hotel but way better & not as tragically hip. Excellent open inviting lobby, efficient (if cold & mechanical) check-in. Rooms are beautifully furnished & functional. Our King Executive was great. Everything was where it should be & of a high quality. Only thing missing was a bath - just a shower, sadly. The executive lounge was nicer than many 5 star hotel lounges we have visited - great service & decent food & beverages.  We dined in OXBO for dinner one evening - great service BUT the food? Not so good. The food in the bar was also just average. Overcooked burger, cold fries etc. This really detracts from the rest of the…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2063,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend away,"My boyfriend booked the hotel as a surprise, and we decided to stay the weekend between both of our Birthday's and just after our anniversary. I mentioned the joint Birthday and anniversary, but did not get any extra treatment as I've read further below. However the hotel was beautiful, very clean and stylish, and I loved the fragrance wafting through reception as you walk in! The male staff member who greeted us was very friendly, welcoming and helpful, it's just a shame that I didn't get time to spend more time there so I could use more of the amenities such as the gym. The rooms are really lovely, the bed was very large and comfortable, and the bathroom was a particular favourite with nice products to use, and a nice big shower. I thought it was a nice touch that the room was…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2064,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2060-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Anniversary Treat,"The whole Hilton Bankside experience is wonderful, whether a tourist or on business.  We actually live in London and it was still a fantastic place to escape too, whilst being in reach of everything that London and the South Bank in particular has to  offer.  Hilton Bankside has some lovely twists and really offers a designer feel.  Great bar and restaurant, superb new rooms and bathrooms - I cannot recommend it more highly!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2065,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,OXBO.... Very Nice Choice For Business Lunch,"This, somewhat hidden, gem is easily missed due to it's location but it was one of the best business lunch venues we have used so far so I recommend you make the effort to find it... we loved it here... what a treat!!  The decor when you arrive is fantastic. Lots of large (fake) animal heads in the room with amusing signage. The restaurant itself is big enough to accommodate large groups and yet cosy enough for our small group to feel comfortable. It was also extremely well managed by all of the staff on duty.  The kitchen area is interesting so I recommend a table close enough to see the chefs at work. The quality of the food was excellent, it really is a hidden gem. We were impressed with the menu and took the lunch time set option - 3 courses for £21 including a very nice…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2066,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel and location,From the moment we checked on we where impressed. The service from the staff was lovely minus the emails where I kept being called Ms when them assumed the name Nathaniel was a female.  The hotel was first class kept so clean and the bedrooms where really nice. We had a twin room and the beds where a decent size.  Location wise it was perfect 5 minutes from Southwark tube station and 5 minutes from the river front.   Will be coming back for sure. ,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2067,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,As good as it looks!,"This Hilton is spectacular. It's definitely worth the high reviews it's getting - really great modern and new hotel that is currently a great deal for the price. The rooms are large, beds are comfortable, great showers and toiletries.   They also have a great selection of restaurants and bars, plus friendly staff.  To top it off I was impressed by the fitness center - there is a really lovely pool and hot tub in the basement that I could have spent hours in.  Come!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2068,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic room, wonderful service but a bit pricey","I booked the Hilton for the good lady and I for my birthday weekend. The room was absolutely fantastic and I could have stayed in bed all day (which is unusual). The service from everyone was truly wonderful and first class. The room itself was good value and we could have got slightly cheaper but nowhere near as great a bed i am sure :) The breakfast and the bar were a little pricey. I would describe them as London plus, which means about 20% more than the prices you pay in most places in big cities like London anyway. However don't let this take away from the fact that the room, service and quality of the place was truly excellent. The location was good and about 0.5 miles from 3 underground stops. Great location for visiting the Tate, Globe, Shard and for Borough Market which…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2069,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2065-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Very new feel to this hotel, very well located just off the river and within a short walk of Blackfriars station and several London attractions (Tate Modern, Shard, Borough Market etc). Large modern rooms with superb bathrooms and v comfy beds, quality linen, large TV etc. Small but functional gym and a nice indoor pool. Great service throughout the hotel. Breakfast was standard Hilton buffet-style. Relaxing ground-floor bar was a nice place to unwind. Recommended. ",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2070,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Ultra modern new build hotel,"My second visit here, and both have been excellent. Very spacious rooms with all the amenties provided for a comfortable stay including efficient adjustable air conditioning. Excellent soundproofing and comfortable beds mean a good sleep is assured. Breakfast is of a very good standard although insufficient cutlery provided (only one knife). Friendly staff ensure a most pleasurable stay.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2071,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel with great staff,We stayed over in London after a show and visiting some friends and booked this hotel a few weeks in advance.  The staff are excellent and friendly and the hotel décor is modern and gives the hotel a very classy feel. We upgraded to a superior room for a good price and were not left disappointed. The bed was very comfy and the shower was amazing. Also the complimentary mini bar was a great touch.  The breakfast was much more than your usual 'buffet' with the chefs cooking fresh pancakes and eggs on demand.  I have stayed in a few hotels in the area with work but this was by far the best.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2072,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Seasoned traveller,"If you need to be south side of the river you must stop here!  Lovely hotel, fab staff, near the Globe, Tate, Shard and Borough Market and my office.  You'll love the exec lounge, bedrooms/showers are great.  CG",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2073,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Our stay in London ,"I must say we enjoyed our short trip to London. Busy as it was, the history and information I absorbed was brilliant and worth the time spent walking and tubing to get there!  The hotel is close to most major attractions but bare in mind 6 days minimum is needed to be able to stop and smell the roses. We did a lot in 3 days and I wished we had more time.   The hotel manager, Per, was my absolute favourite man to talk with. He was friendly, helpful, kind and funny. And Swedish no less, we had that in common 😊 He really made us feel welcomed here. We are down to earth people that like nice things but appreciate how much time and effort that must go into keeping everybody happy!   The executive room was wonderful. We had tea and breakfast each morning and it was spot on. High tea…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2074,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2070-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel for a business trip,"We stayed in this hotel for 6 nights.  Extremely friendly, efficient and helpful staff.  Great breakfast but very busy.  Excellent restaurant and well visited bar with nice atmosphere.  Neat and tidy but very dark room and not a lot of wardrobe space.  Great mattress.  A good hotel with full comfort to stay on a business trip but not ideal to relax.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2075,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Little Gem,"We had a week in London shopping and sight seeing while meeting our son that lives n London. I have stayed in Hiltons often we travel extensively and I would have to say our experience at this hotel was great the staff were friendly, helpful and location to the Southbank was terrific. I would stay here again and would highly recommend this hotel for business or leisure.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2076,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Simply superb!,"Very new, staff is excellent - we arrived early but got a room immediately. An example of hospitality and readiness to go extra mile to make guests happy - we went out in the evening and came back to a cleaned room with the bed prepped for the night - even slippers were put next to the bed ;)!  The location of the hotel is very convenient - short walk to the tube, 5 minutes to Tate Modern and a nice walk cross the Millenium Bridge to magnificent St. Paul's.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2077,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice Hotel if you don't mind a bit more travel,"If you have time and don't mind an extra bit of travel to the west end the Hilton Bankside offers a refreshing option. Located behind the Tate Modern and 5 minutes from the Globe Threatre its location isn't bad but evening pursuits were not quite limited and its not that convenient to pop back to the hotel. Inside, the hotel is new and the lobby is functional. There is a great bar with snacks and a great dining room for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Room was also nice with one of the best beds I have slept in. The room was new, very clean and a nice size in case you need to work.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2078,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent place to stay,"From the minute We arrived the staff could not be nicer. The person who checked us in could not have been more helpful and welcoming . The beds were so comfortable and It was very clean and safe, the staff truly just wanted you to enjoy your stay. Would definitely go back again.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2079,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2075-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellence,"Just stayed on a one night business trip and was amazed at the service and quality of the hotel.  THe location was great too.  Short walk to the Tate, OXO tower, London bridge and the city or a more leisurely stroll to the west end.  Avoid taxis over the bridge at the moment though because you'll just sit in traffic.  Take a 3 man walk to the tube at Southwark instead!! We were treated very well, right from the go and upgraded complimentary to a one bed suite on the top floor with a fab view of the shard and London skyline. Quality of the appointments and rooms is very high and the food we had in both the business center and the restaurant for breakfast was superb.  The quality and choice of the breakfast buffet was among the best I have experience. Staff couldn't do enough for…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2080,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"Perfect hotel for our family 3 night stay in London. Booked 3 rooms, all of which were very well appointed and spotlessly clean.  Staff friendly and efficient.  Would definitely stay again without hesitation.  Only downside is the traffic chaos that London is suffering at present due to the road/train/bike lanes being built, making the traditional Black Cabs extremely expensive due to detours!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2081,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Modern and beautiful hotel in central London,Nice hotel! Very good service! Special thanks to Per Granström and his crew!He made our stay very nice with guiding to Londons sites and made us feel comfortable. High professional performance! Can recommend the launch at the hotel as well! Cosily!,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2082,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Loved the hotel! ,"Loved the hotel and the service! Special thanks to receptionist Per Granström! He helped us whit whatever we needed, restaurants, city guiding, sightseeing tips! He was so helpful! The hotel was very clean and the rooms where really nice! ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2083,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend trip,"We visited London early april and had a really great time at the Hilton London Bankside. Great service throughout the hotel, and exceptionally great service in the executive lounge.  A special thank you to Per Granström who made our stay to a special memory!",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2084,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2080-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding service!,"My husband, niece and I spent three nights over Easter and had a terrific time.  Husband is a Diamond member, and we were very happy to be upgraded from a junior suite to a one bedroom suite.  We really appreciated the extra powder room.  The room was well appointed, clean and very comfortable.  Loved that many of the snacks in the refrigerator were complimentary.  We received a beautiful chocolate gift from the Easter bunny.  Executive lounge was nice, especially the afternoon tea snacks.  Breakfast in the restaurant was terrific.  Overall, we felt very pampered by the excellent service.  Kudos to the staff for their warm displays of friendliness and hospitality.  We would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2085,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel and Great Staff,"My wife and I had booked this hotel as a package through British Airways.  While traveling I was praying that the hotel would be good, as some Hilton Hotels in the US can be sketchy depending where you go.  When we arrived I was amazed at how beautiful the hotel is.  The hotel so incredibly modern I felt comfortable the moment I walked in.  The standard room is also modern with beautiful styling and fixtures.  Having such a nice room made calling it a night easy because everything is taken care of.  New water is placed by each nightstand and complementary slippers are placed by you bed.    The best part of our stay was the staff.  Everyone was very friendly and helpful.  We felt as if we were VIPs staying in the most expensive room. I felt as if I was talking to good friends…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2086,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very friendly and helpful staff,"Ricky the head barman is a charming character and very helpful. He has an amazing memory for names, drinks etc. His Shakespeare cocktails were inspired. In fact all bar staff were really friendly. A sticking bathroom door was fixed as soon as it was reported. The proximity to Shakespeare's Globe Theatre is a big plus.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2087,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Great Service","Stayed here for a conference which meant the hotel was extremely busy and lots of people trying to check in at unusual times. But none of this seemed to phase the staff. Cases were accepted and correctly delivered, someone even came during the evening to close my curtains and leave me some slippers and a bottle of water. The room was a good size and the bed very comfortable. Breakfast was excellent. Can't fault any of it, I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2088,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent bar service,"I spent a lovely evening with my friends at the bar. The head bartender Riccardo and the waitress were great, very polite and  helpful, cocktails and finger food were delicious. Overall great atmosphere, I will definitely come back and I would recommend this hotel to everyone.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2089,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2085-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good experience,"I really appreciated my trip in this hotel.  The team was nice, the room two, the location is good with many shops and restaurants in the same street. The breakfast is soooo nice and everybody is kind !",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2090,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location and good discount through Trip Advisor,"We booked through Trip Advisor's mobile app, after realising that a 25% discount applied through the app (not the case for iPad or laptop). We paid only £123 per night, which was amazing value for a 5 star hotel with a great location.   Nearest tube is Southwark, only a 5 minute walk away. There are some good bars just on Southwark Street (try Camino for great tapas).   Rooms were very smart but also very dark, with little natural light. Bathroom was great.  Breakfast is £25 unless you book in advance. We had already booked breakfast at the Ivy Cafe in Marylebone, which was good value and a great experience.     The lighting system in the rooms is also a little confusing. It took us a while to establish how to ensure that the bathroom light would turn on in the night (there is a…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2091,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"We stayed here for two nights - the first weekend in April.  The location, a few minutes walk from Southwark tube station  is excellent - Tate Modern, St Paul's Cathedral, Borough Market and The Shard are all easy walks. The hotel is new and everything is immaculate.  Lots of staff to welcome you and ""call the lift"" - customer service was very good and there was a 'turn down service' in the evening.   We had a good sized room with a very comfort super-king bed,robes, slippers, fridge etc - the en-suite was excellent - very large walk in shower with waterfall shower and good water pressure. Because we were visiting family who live nearby we did not eat in the hotel and we did not have the time to try the leisure facilities but hopefully we will again on a future visit. We booked…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2092,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great New Hotel,"Stayed in the Hilton Bankside for a weekend break in London. The location is great, walkable to Waterloo station and and most places in central London, if you like walking. Check in was busy but the queue moved fast and staff were apologetic. The room was a good size and very modern with excellent bathroom facilities. This is definitely one of the nicer Hiltons that I have stayed in over the past few years.We did not eat in the hotel as it seemed very over priced for what was on offer so we chose to venture elsewhere. It was a lovely bonus to have a pool although the water was extremely chilly which took away some of the enjoyment! Wouldn't hesitate to stay again.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2093,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top hotel,"Stayed two nights here on Bed and breakfast basis.   We had a Kingsize Executive Room which allows access to the Executive Lounge.   The room had everything we needed and probably one of the best showers ever.   Plenty of towels and lovely robes all added to experience. Afternoon tea in the lounge was very welcome, great to rest legs and recharge batteries.  The food was wonderful.  Very fresh and replaced as needed.    Continental breakfast is served in the lounge.  We had however chosen to enjoy the full breakfast in the restaurant.  The range of dishes was wonderful, amongst the best I have had.  I suspect the selection in the lounge would have been good.   Certainly I spotted a few guests leaving with fruit overflowing from bags.   The staff were so helpful, happy and…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2094,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2090-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good,"Great hotel, service however room service let it down. Actually that is wrong the level of food served at room service let it down as the service was very good.  Bar also excellent in the lobby. Beds comfortable and room size was great considering location.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2095,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great New Hotel,"Really good value for money hotel close to the Tate Modern. Outstanding facilities, friendly staff and well presented room. Used the pool facilities which were also finished to a very high standard.  Anthony on reception was very helpful and went out of his way to make us feel welcome (despite being a Gooner!)",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2096,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend! ,We've never stayed in the area before but was very pleased with the location and the nearby transportation access and good places to visit in the area. The room was clean and quiet with really nice contemporary design. Very helpful and service minded staff with cudos to Per (reception) who was absolutely perfect!,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2097,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Diamond in the rough,The hotel looks modern from the outside and unassuming in the inside.  The Staff at all levels are eager to help and strive to resolve your problems. It located not far from Southwark (Jubilee line) and less than 7 mins to the river. I particularly like the option to check in and pick my room before my arrival. But I was distracted on arrival and agreed to change my room.  This hotel has inward facing and street facing rooms. Be sure to ask for rooms facing the street for my room looked out to rooms that were roughly twelve feet from my window.,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
2098,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of the nicest hotel stays in a long time!,"TOP MARKS. Stayed for 2 nights this week and thought I should take the time to post a nice review. Spot on. Lovely hotel, excellent staff, awesome :-)  Looks like it's pretty new, everything was super clean and modern, room very comfortable, quiet, v nice bed, great blackout curtains. Every single member of staff we encountered was super pro, from the cleaners, to front desk staff, doorman, and the bar staff (was really impressed with the super-italian barman - meant to get his name to send a special thank you - so Hilton bosses if you're reading this, look him up and give him a high five from us!).  Will absolutely be coming back and staying again if we need to be in the area overnight. Respect.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
2099,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2095-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Surprisingly good and modern. ,"Hilton properties can tend to be a little hit and miss, and yet this one is modern, spacious and the service from the reception/concierge manager was prompt, efficient and very friendly. Room was clean, modern and quiet. Bed was firm but comfortable and linens crisp and clean. Breakfast served in a thoroughly well designed room which managed to feel boutique and yet spacious. Kudos to the breakfast chefs for perfect poached eggs and great coffee. Will definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,High Class Hotel,"I stayed at Bankside in September as part of a trip to London with some friends.  I was a bit unsure at first as it was the first week that the hotel had opened but it was soon apparent from the excellent pre-stay service that I received from Per and the warm welcome that I had from the staff on my arrival this is definitely a hotel that knows what the important things are and strives to do them very well.     The food and drink that we had was very good indeed (although a bit pricey) and the room was very smart indeed.   The ""city view"" of a set of roadworks left a bit to be desired and the pool area was yet to be opened but that did not detract from what was a fantastic experience from start to finish.",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
2101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,great location great staff,"Had a great stay, can't say too many good things about this place. It was faultless.  The room was spotless, the facilities excellent.  The breakfast was fit for 2 men with hangovers,   Bar closed too early though, but there was only me and my colleague in it.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Friendly Staff,"We have stayed in London on numerous occasions, and have probably been in at least 25 hotels there. The staff at this particular hotel were probably the friendliest staff we have encountered anywhere. This, in addition to the fantastic location if one has plans to be in the Southwark area (Tate Modern, Globe, Old Vic, Royal Festival Hall, the Borough Market, etc.), is cause for us to book there again.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Sad points and good points,"Lets start with the good points. Suprisingly easy transport with Tube and Bus nearby as well at Rail and ferry. Warm welome from staff and easy very early checkin.The pool was quiet for our swim the bext day . Most of the staff were fine and rooms were cleaned and turndown daily. Quiet it is, carpeted hall ways and not a sound from adjacent rooms. Lifts plentiful  and well secured with a room card system. Thank goodness for the new card rreaders ,Just place key against fob and your in. Now the sad bits  On arrival our room smelt a bit odd but as we were going out we left it in the hope it would waft away. On return this smell was very strong and we called the desk , they sent a maintenance man very promptly who decided we needed a room move. night manager came and we had a…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2100-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,An experience on its own!,"We just spent a perfect night in this Hilton hotel and it was brilliant!  The room was lovely, nice decor and clean. Staff were cheerful, polite and very accommodating. They were spoiling us with extras like complimentary chocolate cake (for our anniversary), Easter eggs, snacks, bottled water, slippers etc. We thought it was a nice touch, which made us feel special and welcome. For breakfast we were offered high-quality products, none of the greasy pale sausages served in too many places! We enjoyed it a lot. I definitely recommend this hotel and will be returning.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday trip,"Had a night at the aquarium booked & wanted a hotel nearby, obviously lots of choice but truly happy with my choice. Staff were incredibly polite & helpful even to the doorman. Lots of nice little touches including birthday cake being brought up. The restaurant was lovely & had an exquisite meal.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great property near commercial area,"We stayed here for a 2-night stop in Europe.  The property was beautiful!  It's pretty new and the décor is creative.  Upon check-in, we had an issue with our reservation.  Unfortunately, the Front Desk person (said she was the Supervisor) felt no need to help us solve it.  Her basic attitude was ""your reservation is lost ...bye.""  She didn't offer another room, didn't offer to accommodate us in any way.  Basically wanted us to go away and come back if we were able to resolve it.  My companion had to ask about another room.  She said yes, but only at a higher rate than what we were paying (one check on the website showed a rate lower than what she claimed was the only one available).  The fact that the reservation was for a Hilton Honors member did not seem to matter to her at…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good hotel,"Brand new hotel very centrally located. The design and furnishings have been well thought out and make the hotel enjoyable to be in. For those used to Hilton hotels you may be astonished by the level of service offered from the friendliness of the staff to the service in the restaurant and executive lounge, which was more reminiscent of Hiltons in Asia. The bedrooms are well laid out and function well, there is even turndown service. I like the location in an area of London that is developing and well connected.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great service and nice rooms,"I stay here for business and the staff are always extremely friendly and helpful on arrival. The rooms are fairly consistent, very comfortable beds, nice bathrooms with large walk in showers. The food can be a bit hit and miss but generally good. The breakfast spread can't be beaten. Lots to pick from and freshly made. Good gym although can be busy particularly at peak times. Good location, walking distance to some sights but also very near a tube station.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2105-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beautiful new hotel,"My wife is STILL talking about this place several months later. We stayed there literally the night it opened, which was a fun experience for a hotel. The rooms are very modern and well-appointed. As Hilton Diamond members, we had access to the lounge for breakfast, and my wife claims it's her favorite hotel breakfast so far. The tea was exceptional, as you'd expect for London, and they had a very high quality assortment of other options. The space itself was beautiful and we enjoyed our time there very much. She is already looking for an excuse to go back to London with a demand we stay here.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel with friendly efficient staff,We have just come back from a lovely stay at this hotel. The staff were very friendly and efficient. The hotel had Lovely decor. The breakfast was delicious and plenty of choice.  The hotel is about a ten minute walk from Waterloo tube station and we found this easier to get to than the Southwark station.   We will definitely stay here on our next trip to London. ,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton bankside ,"My partner and myself had a lovely stay here although we upgraded rooms which in its self was gorgeous the view was rubbish, luckily this had no bearing on our stay we enjoyed it all the staff were lovely and felt very approachable. Will definitely be staying here again... highly recommend the bed is out of this world comfortable too",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Easter Weekend,"On arrival at the hotel, myself and my 8 year old son were greeted by very helpful staff who showed us to our room and helped with our baggage. Rooms are very clean and lovely but the view overlooking a building next door and the only very small window did not even open. No mirror by any plug sockets to get ready for an evening! The pool is a great size and nice and warm but the jacuzzi is a few pointless jets. No staff on the pool reception to advise us on procedure or where to go etc. This evening at 10pm I had house keeping try to enter my room because i did not answer the door when they knocked 3 times.....hello...myself and my young son are in bed!! I will not sleep great tonight now! £10 for a medium sized glass of wine. Rip off.  Not worthy of a 5 star. I will not stay…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Family vacation with some rough spots!!,"Hotel is gorgeous- executive club is fantastic- all which should point to a high mark. Unfortunately rooms in our party were not cleaned and several attempted calls to front desk, housekeeping and concierge were unanswered. Maintenance man was sent to check our phone- and of course, the call was answered on the first ring.  Then we requested a very early wake up call only to be called  at 11p to confirm wake up call for 5:30.",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
2114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2110-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Business Hotel,"This hotel does a wonderful job of catering to the business traveler.  It is conveniently located and is new with a very high quality of finish.  However, the Staff is what sets this property apart.  Rooms are high quality and comfortable.  Staff is very attentive.  Bar is outstanding.   Location is great being near Southbank, Waterloo, and the Southwark tube stop.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice one night stay,"Nice hotel which is in a great location for the Tate (2 min) and Borough Market (10 min)  We had a king room which was not deluxe and unlike the reviewer below the room had a window with an outside view, it was of a wall but as we were not in the hotel room much this was not an issue.  The room was large and well equipped. Large walk in shower with good water pressure. bathrobes and slippers provided. Good toiletries. Bed and pillows were very comfortable.  I believe that were meant to have complementary water in the fridge but there was none provided, I am sure this would have been provided upon request if we had wanted.  Staff are very friendly. We had drinks in the bar early evening and also late evening when we returned from a evening out. The later evening service was a bit…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Baffled by Rave Reviews,"Frankly baffled by all the rave reviews for this hotel. Some good points, but mostly negative experience.  Good points - 1. breakfast is excellent - probably the best hotel breakfast I've ever had. 2. Staff is exceedingly friendly and helpful.  Bad - the ""non-deluxe"" rooms face inwards towards one another, so not only no view whatsoever, but you're looking directly into your neighbour's room. They can see everything you're doing and vice versa. If you don't want to be observed while in your room only choice is to keep curtains drawn entire stay. When I complained, I was politely told that only ""deluxe"" rooms faced outwards towards the street and that I was welcome to upgrade in exchange for the upgrade fee. I declined and therefore was left with a very dark room with no view…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice hotel not the greatest service.,"Stayed at this hotel as a short weekend break following our wedding prior to our honeymoon. Rang the hotel a week prior to arrival to order some wine and chocolates for our room on arrival as a surprise treat for my husband. All confirmed by hotel and assured it would be in place when we arrived. On arrival no wine or chocolates. Rang reception who claimed not to be aware even after I gave them the name of the person I'd spoken to. Reception said they would send up straight away but 2hrs later no sign. We went out to dinner and wine etc was in our room when we got back. However the plate the chocs were on had "" Happy Anniversary"" on it. Totally wrong as we only got married the day before as I had explained several times. We told reception of the mistake and all we got was. Smile…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stay in London with Comfort and very well located,"Excellent location, at walking distance to  Southwark Metro station. At walking distance to London Eye and all well known monuments and attractions in the area. The hotel is very comfortable with all amenities a business or a tourist wish to have in a high standard hotel. Prices, well it's London!",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2115-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Price but with a few drawbacks,"Pros-  Got great price off hotels.com(approx 150/night), close to Tate Modern and Globe and Borough Market, very expansive breakfast and free for gold members!  Cons-  small rooms, badly designed bathroom(shower pressure is weak and need to stand very close to the wall to be under the water), hotel not convenient to tube station(10min walk), area not as vibrant as west end with fewer restaurants in the vicinity",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Pretty to look at not good to stay,"Stayed here for 1 night whilst working in London.  Fantastic reception, check in was very below average with the need to ask for upgrade which is rather embarrassing given how quiet the hotel was.  Frustrating thing is that there's a key required for the lift and staff don't help with your baggage.  I am a diamond member and got upgraded to a junior suite. It wasn't great. No opening windows instead air con.  Bed was standard bed. Toilet was a good size new but not practical the door opens straight to the toilet.  Breakfast was in the exec lounge and it was extremely poor.  Overall a very average hotel there are other Hilton brands if like me your loyal. ",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, luxury and attention to detail.","Stayed here overnight. The hotel itself is great, very modern, spotless and very friendly staff.  We had cocktails in the bar, with waiter very welcoming with just enough chat.  Breakfast spread was great, plenty of choice with allergies catered for. Hotel is located well for bankside and is one of the better in Hilton's in the chain.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Almost perfect ,"I stayed here recently and enjoyed one of the junior suites.  On arrival I was met at the desk by a very polite and professional receptionist, was promptly checked in and offered help with my bags. The suite was on the 1st floor and was incredible: all the comforts one would expect and more. The executive lounge was stunning and the service and food excellent.  I had a thoroughly restful sleep and my stay at the hilton was only let down by the shower flooding the bathroom unexpectedly which made it rather tricky to safely get out and I had to spend some time drying the floor.  Breakfast and checkout was a breeze.   In summary I would thoroughly recommend the hilton at bankside despite the minor inconvenience with the shower. ",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Amazing hotel, Conrad style","A true gem in the portfolio of Hilton!! Will make this my first choice of hotels in London. Friendly staff, fabulous room (519, no shard view but stylish, fresh and amazing bathroom. This hotel is even better then most Conrads I've stayed at. Food at executive lounge was not the greatest but the ""fire place"" and friendly staff made up for it! Can't wait to see the penthouse suite in July!!",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2120-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One Of The Best,"Wow what a great hotel the Hilton Bankside is. We have stayed in many Hilton hotels  but this was right up there with the best. Modern comfortable rooms, quality breakfast, superb executive lounge and great service from happy friendly staff. This is a newly opened hotel but I can see it creeping up the rankings on Tripadvisor over the coming months. Wish more Hiltons were run like this one. Looking forward to returning again soon.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,great hotel for business stay,I checked in late at night for a quick stay on business. Lovely girl on reception trying to make  small talk and wasn't getting the gist that in was tired... I had a twin room but the bed was massive and the hotel was probably one of the nicest well decorated and trendy rooms I have had the pleasure to stay in! I would stay again on a special but wouldn't pay rack rate - because you don't need too! ,Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Impeccable from start to finish,"I stayed on Thursday 17th March with a work colleague. First impressions were fantastic, decor is beautifully finished and lots of fresh flowers in reception. Very stylish throughout. Check in excellent, despite us arriving 2 hours early they had a room available. Good sized rooms, quite masculine in style but very modern and stylish. Breakfast was superb, plenty of options for all tastes. We enjoyed cocktails in the bar; great for gun lovers! I simply cannot fault this hotel and look forward to visiting again.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic,This really is a beautiful hotel with amazing facilities.  my room was perfect and beyond clean upon arrival. the staff were so helpful and friendly too. Ideally located for exploring London too. Our bed was massive and we slept like babies!,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,BEST Hilton Hotel,"Hilton London Bankside is one of the BEST hotel I've stayed in. The decor is excellent - fresh flowers, modern, clean and nice lobby. Service is top notch! Spacious and modern room with the most comfortable bed with comfy slippers and turn down service. Complimentary mini bar and lovely executive lounge. Nice clean gym with modern machines. This hotel should be a sample for other Hilton hotels or simply clone it for future new ones. The GM at this hotel did an excellent job! London is my fave city and Bankside will be my go to hotel from now on.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2125-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding,"Now here is a place that loves to give great service.  Being fairly new, it's all very shiny and impressive.   The lounge bar is stunning, as was the service in there; prompt, positive and delivered with passion.  My room was lovely and comfortable with everything you need to hand.  I didn't have the opportunity to visit the restaurant,  but it looks beautiful and I am planning my return to do so.  Highly recommended. ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good hotel with some service gkitches,"Stayed here for more than a week.  Hotel is relatively new.  Rooms are larger than some other London Hilton brand hotels (like Westminster Doubletree), have large bathrooms with tub, large screen TV with decent channels and good wi-fi. Southwark tube is about two blocks and a good variety of restaurants is same distance. Couple of small food stores very close and rooms have small fridge, so can stock up on drinks and snacks for a long stay.  Breakfast buffet was good, pastries were very good.  Do not know cost/value as it came with Hilton frequent stay status.  Restaurant service was inconsistent.  Sometimes asked if we wanted coffee/tea, sometimes not.  Sometimes plates cleared, sometimes not.  And did not seem tied to number of wait staff.  Sometimes indifferent service with…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous!,"This hotel is spacious, clean and modern with huge, comfy beds and proper service. We had an executive room so you get the benefit of food and drinks in the executive lounge which is well worth it.  The main hotel bar is supposed to be super trendy and drinking there comes at a premium but it lacked atmosphere - it was pretty empty on a Friday night and the service wasn't up to the same standard as the rest of the hotel. Great range of gins on offer though and nice bar nibbles.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous,"Just like all the other Hiltons, this hotel has a great entrance with an amazing reception. The rooms were dazzling with the interior and the facilities they provide. Apart from that the breakfast was okay as I am a vegetarian so there weren't many options available. The swimming pool is heated and relaxing during winters.  I would say that this hotel is perfect for couples and families too. I am definitely choosing this hotel next time I visit London.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic Hotel, we will be back!","Great modern hotel close to Waterloo Station.  Rooms are in great condition, are quiet and have lovely amenities.  We were upgraded on arrival and were impressed with the standard of service in the hotel.  Breakfast was great and the chefs on duty were very friendly and helpful (some of the best poached eggs I have ever had and I'm very particular on how they're done!). We didn't have a chance to check out the leisure facilities but as we plan on returning here in the next couple of months we will get round to it on our return.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2130-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"Really good stay. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Bar staff were great, we spent a good few hours after the theatre having cocktails made for us by their amazing mixologist!  Clean, spacious and modern room with THE most comfortable bed! Complimentary mini bar and lovely executive lounge.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Too fussy,"This is a new, plush hotel on the south bank. A short walk from Southwark station - not particularly convenient for the tube but perfectly fine for central London for most.  The décor is excellent, I've been in 5* hotels which are worse.  However, there seem to be about 2 members of staff for every guest so it is a bit imposing unless you are a business traveller.  I know it's a good thing to anticipate   needs but you really don't need a member of staff pressing the lift call button for you!  It gets annoying when your plate is whipped away within two seconds of being empty.  Thankfully the rooms are very comfortable and quiet.  You get slow WiFi for free or you can pay rip-off prices for the real deal - a bit like the Premier Inn across the road!  The hotel spa and swimming…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely hotel,"Stopped here for 3 nights. Staff very helpful. Room spotless. Maid must have come in twice a day as not only was the room made up in the morning, the beds were also turned down in the evening. Not sure why she took the complimentary water out of the fridge and put it by the bed though. Would have preferred to get it out cold myself. And in case we hadn't noticed the slippers, they were left by the bed.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best experience so far,"Except for some difficulties checking in I really couldn't name any negative thing. Well, the very high price of breakfast if I have to nitpick.  I've been to a lot of countries in stayed in a lot of different type of hotels, also more expensive hotels, but this one is just right for me: spacious nicely designed room, clean, very nice and attentive staff, etc. From now on this is where I stay if I have to go to the center of London.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A Little Dissapointing,"I realise I'm in the minority by only giving this hotel 3 out of 5, there are some aspects that are good but these are my reasons:  On line check in the day before arrival only gave me a choice of 2 rooms, 3rd and 7th floor only, I went for 7th floor, my profile states a high room but was surprised by the lack of choice.  Poorly handled at check in. Being a Silver Hilton Honors member, I expect some recognition, that wasn't the case. Early afternoon check in, the room wasn't ready but was offered a 3rd floor room only, no alternatives and no willingness to try and get us into the room with any expediency. Since we wanted a high floor, we decided to wait. No communication to advise when the room was ready, just have to turn up and see!  Entering the room, the view was a wall,…",Date of stay: March 2016,3.0
2139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2135-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellant Saty,We stayed in the Hilton Bankside as we were attending an event in the Shakespeare Globe - the hotel was excellent - we could't fault it The warm welcome on arrival the staff in all departments and the factilities were second to none,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,not your ordinary Hilton...service a little lacklustre here and there,"Stayed for 1 night for a business trip in London. Easy to access from Blackfriars station with a 5 mins walk. Hotel is very impressive in style & appearance not your ordinary Hilton. I stay at their hotels a lot and it was more like a Conrad in service - check in was very friendly and helpful. I stayed in a deluxe twin and had access to the executive lounge which was a lovely area with some great snacks and drinks in the evening in a fresh setting with some cool music. My only criticism was that it was very quiet in the exec lounge and they staff didn't clear plates, different offer re-fills of drinks but at the same time didn't appear to like you going up and getting a re-fill yourself. I had to ask for knives and forks as none were out - so service seemed a little lacklustre…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect all-around,"Stayed here two days with my wife.  Paid for suite and access to executive lounge.  Hotel is brand new. Everything spotless and in perfect working order.  Room was comfortable and quiet (6th floor a corner room).  Bed was very comfortable. Excellent amenities.  Free stocked mini bar, excluding alcohol.  Staff very friendly and helpful.  Close to the subway and good sites.  Safe and easy walking. Highly recommend.  ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great base, clean and fresh","Stayed for one night. Nicely placed close to Southwark tube which allowed us to get around easily. A pretty new hotel, nice welcoming reception and bar area. Friendly and helpful staff with slick room. Would definitely recommend and use again.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very impressed,Loved it perfect in every way fab rooms the bed is to die for with high quality bed linen coffee and tea in rooms and bed turn down at night with beautiful slippers staff excellent Anthony in reception was so friendly and helpful location was what we wanted decor in hotel very tasteful would highly recommend it can't wait to return again ,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2140-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful hotel, and genuine nice staff","The staff at this hotel are honestly the most genuinely kind and welcoming I have experienced anywhere the world over.  From the moment we stepped through the doors with our 18 month old, the staff were sure to greet us and to make friendly conversation, and do whatever they could to make us comfortable. Every time we walked past the front desk, we would have multiple staff greeting us and wishing us a nice day.  Made us feel really welcome.  We had a one bedroom corner suite on the 7th level (top floor) that was very comfortable.  The corner suite was nice because our daughter had jetlag and needed to cry a little bit before falling asleep some nights, and we did not receive any noise complaints.  Non alcoholic drinks and snacks in the mini fridge were complimentary, and we…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice to be Welcomed,"Such a nice change to be in a hotel where you feel valued and that the staff want to serve you Nice new rooms, well equipped. Free mini bar helps Best exec lounge, but why stop serving so early Really good breakfast too, nice fresh porridge and plenty of options",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,explore  bankside,we were new to this up and coming area and the hotel was a superb introduction and base. Welcomed as a Hilton gold member and upgraded to a suite. the executive lounge was the best we had experienced. A cosy warm comfortable room with a realistic log fire. Attentive staff. A superb location behind Tate modern and near lots of tourist 'must see' sites within easy walking distance or a short taxi ride. We will go back as soon as we can.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfection from check-in to check-out,"Excellent and friendly staff, top notch executive lounge. Clean, modern and fresh rooms. Nothing at all to complain about at this Hilton property. It's almost as good as Hilton Tokyo and on par with Conrad St James",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,"We stayed in a one bedroom suite with exec lounge access.   The suite itself was very comfortable with a view of the shard.   All the furnishings were of high quality and the room was very clean and quiet.   We also liked the free soft drinks and snacks in the room, a nice touch.  Exec lounge is superb, spacious and well furnished.   The service in the lounge was excellent, nothing was too much trouble.   Good selection of food and drinks in the evening.  Hotel also has a nice swimming pool which is unusual in London.  The location of this hotel is great.   About 5 mins walk to tube station and river and 10mins to London Bridge overground station.   We even walked to covent garden in about 20mins.  Breakfast buffet was excellent as was Sunday Brunch.  We would stay here again…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2145-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Little gem near London Bridge,"Very pleasantly surprised with the quality of this hotel.  Not only great modern rooms, but fab bar and Hawksmoor restaurant. Very nicely greeted.  Hotel is not so huge so feels more intimate and no queues for anything.  My room didn't have much of a view, but that didn't matter to me.  The best part of my room was a very comfy reading chair with ottoman - so much nice to watch TV from and just relax, rather than in the bed (which was great BTW).  I will definitely be back whenever business brings back to London Bridge area.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel I have stayed in while visiting London,"This is an Amazing Hotel from the moment you arrive Staff are incredible so friendly and helpful and this is the norm in all Areas of the hotel. If possible stay in the Executive rooms as the Executive Lounge is really good , very relaxed atmosphere where you can enjoy a drink and snacks. We stayed in a Junior Suite , beautiful room very comfortable bed. Lots of lovely finishing touches , we always stay in 4 - 5 star hotels when in London which is fairly often , but we wont be booking any other hotel .... after our stay in Hilton Bankside.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
2151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Perfect, don't look any further","I'm usually only a consumer of Tripadvisor, this is the first time I've actually written a review, but felt I had to. This hotel is a delight, from the friendly and helpful staff to the perfectly appointed rooms to the restaurant and bar. This will be my first choice for any future visits to London. Thank you to all the wonderful staff for making our trip so enjoyable.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hilton property in London with excellent Staff and Amenities,"I had been looking forward to staying at this new Hilton in south London since it opened. It is an amazing property with excellent staff (especially in the executive lounge) that go the extra mile for their guests. After staying in several hotels around the area for work, this is my new preferred choice when in town.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Doesn't get any better,"Everything and I mean everything (well almost) was just amazing.  1. Check in was a breeze and done with a smile and light conversation that was very welcoming 2. Rooms were spacious, well decorated in a modern atmosphere 3. Service was impeccable, whether it was the concierge or the front desk or even the Porters 4. Breakfast was well laid out, with enough variety. My only comment here would be that it was a bit repetitive after day 3 5. Location was good. Close enough to many attractions in London, yet far enough from the hustle and bustle  the only negative remark I would have was regarding the room service. I ordered a light snack on my last night. I was told it would take 12-15 minutes. After 20 minutes the food did not arrive so I called back. The food was not ready and I…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2150-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent  - and much better value alternative to the Tower Hilton nearby.  Fantastic breakfast.,"I normally stay at the Tower Hilton for work, but decided to give the new Bankside a go - it is only a 25 min walk away.  I'm a Hilton Diamond, so not sure whether everyone would get what I got.  Overall a good impression - nice and new and the staff are friendly and go out of their way to make you feel welcome.  Public areas are nice, and the exec lounge is much bigger and nicer than the Tower.  Great pool, and gym facilities, pool is long and warm - changing rooms are lovely - although no sauna/steam room  The bedroom I had was nicer than the Tower - new with big fluffy duvet and a good night's sleep - I was very pleased to find the minibar (soft drinks, nuts and sweets only) was free of charge (I think this might be for upgrades/diamond members -but not sure).  Breakfast in…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,We will definitely be coming back!,"We were really impressed with this Hilton, having stayed in a few other Hiltons this comes out at the top.  We were greeted as soon as we walked through the doors and had our bags taken up to our room. Check in was quick and efficient with the lady at the desk offering several options for things to do in London.   We had a standard room and it was excellent, it was spacious, clean and really nicely designed.  The bed was incredibly comfy - which is what you need after a long day walking around London!  The bar at the hotel 'The Distillery' was perfect for an evening drink, it had a great atmosphere combined with knowledgable bar staff recommending drinks.   We stayed here for two nights and it was thoroughly enjoyable and will be staying again! ",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Modern design place,"I spent one night in this hotel and a day at the hotel conference center. I was surprised by the modern sleek design, my room was all wood and tiles. It had a shower, ironing board, robe and an umbrella. It also had a charging station that worked with my continental Europe plugs for computer and telephone charger. The breakfast room is very nice if you do not mind a huge dead buffalo stuffed head hanging above your table. The choice of meals for breakfast was perfect. The staff was very friendly. In the conference room at the basement you could here the tube I assume, as from time to time there was this sound which resembled a train going behind the wall. There is small Selfridges within 100 m from the hotel as well as some nice coffee shops. Tate Modern is  5 minutes walk from…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My new favourite Hilton in London,"I have stayed in a number of Hiltons and Double Tree Hiltons in London and around the UK on business and for breaks with the family and I have to say this is one of the best.  It is in a decent location for visiting he attractions of the South Bank and is situated on a side street with bars, restaurants and a couple of super markets close by.  It is a fairly new hotel with an impressive lobby, spacious well equipped rooms and excellent bathroom.  What makes it stand out is the friendly and helpful nature of the staff. Eveywhere from the concierege, check in staff and at breakfast were superb and an example to the Hilton Group of the standards that can be achieved.  I even had someone check that the mini bar containing soft drinks and snacks in my deluxe room was full and while i…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Relaxing,Chose this hotel as the rooms have twin (double) beds which adds to a great nights sleep.  Location is great as it's easy to find parking at the weekend and close to central London and within walking distance of lots of touristy sights.  The staff were super friendly and helpful and aim to please ever customer.  The rooms are spacious modern and the beds extremely comfortable.  ,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2155-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,If you could have a 6 star hotel - it would be this one ,"I know the title is a bold claim and of course outside of the U.K. you can have a 6 star.  This Hilton is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed, anywhere around the world (beach front villas excluded ). It's new so everything is sparkling, the attention to detail is apparent everywhere and the rooms are beautifully spacious.  The ""thing"" that makes this place so special are the staff. I don't know who does the training here but I'd like to employ them. Nothing is too much trouble, everybody has a genuine smile and you are left feeling wanted.  The bar would be a great bar even if it wasn't part of the hotel - if you like gin then  I imagine it's heaven.  The restaurant is very good, the food feels like it's cooked with pride - more so than many of the surrounding restaurants…",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
2160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,An excellent stay,"I stayed in a delux king room last week for a meeting. Excellent room, very spacious with complimentary soft drinks and snacks- lovely touch! Bathroom spotless and room very well presented. Executive Lounge was lovely for breakfast, however the one downside is my room service was disappointing with the wagu beef burger which was quite tough and cold! Excellent room however and excellent hotel!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great for a pitstop after a show,"Stayed here for one night as we needed somewhere to stay after a show.  Prior to check in our room was upgraded (Hilton Diamond) to a very comfortable King Deluxe room.  Check in was smooth and we were in our room in minutes, room was clean and well thought out - with multiple complimentary bottles of water and a welcome snack.  The Executive Lounge is very good, and one of the newest I have experienced at my stays at various Hiltons.  The food in the lounge was very nice, and the drinks selected was also above my expectations (spirits were also available).  The bed was comfy as always, and our sleep was uninterrupted with no noise from the road outside.  Breakfast in the lounge was an orderly affair, with various selections of breads, pastries, meats, cheeses, fruits and more. …",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"Lots of positives about this hotel, only one negative. Firstly the good, I booked via booking.com and paid a comparatively very good price for our two night weekend stay. The location is great for ease of access from Waterloo station, just a 10 minute walk. Check in very easy, the staff are very friendly and helpful. The room itself was very spacious, especially for London hotels, modern and equipped with all you'd expect in a standard hotel. The hotel is recetly refurbished and this must have included sound proofing, it was one of the quietest nights Ive spent in a hotel. The only negative was on returning from a night out at five minutes before midnight we went to the bar for a night cap and was asked if we minded ordering a drink asap as last orders were about to be called.…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Magnificent,"My previous experiences of London hotels has not been flattering. London Bankside was a positive suprise in every aspect. Super friendly and nice staff, clean and modern facitilites and a ""to die for"" breakfast! Nothing to complain about. Thank you for making our stay pleasant!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2160-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent modern hotel ,"Really modern, well designed and clean hotel in a great location less than 5 minutes to Southwark station, supermarkets next door and 10 minutes to the shard where we went for breakfast one day. Staff also very efficient and friendly. Think we've found our new go to hotel when we stay in London as we couldn't have faulted it. ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic hotel, ","We stayed here for one night, we were out and about most of the time so didn't use the facilities but all in all I was really happy with this hotel.  Very stylish, well fit out, incredible beds and the rooms were perfect.  Only tiny niggle was the water temperature fluctuated a bit, but in saying that I would absolutely stay here again.  Also, staff were very kind and helpful.   ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good modern hotel in central location,I stayed here for a night on a business trip. The hotel is very clean and the staff were all very helpful. I stayed on the 3rd floor and the room was really quiet. The room had a nice decor and I particularly liked the walk in shower. The hotel met all my needs and is in a great location for exploring central London.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Short visit to London,"Very good new hotel, not busy streets around and walkable distance to all tourist attractions. Walking distance to Blackfriars railroad station. Food is exceptional but pricy. As everything else in London.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice new Hotel,"We stayed two nights at this new Hilton hotel, nice lobby with good welcome service. The room was nice a shame we had a a view to a wall. The housekeeping is as usual in London not really good at 3 pm the room was still not done, but after I complained it was finally for 5 pm equipped with new towels and ready to get dressed for the Royal Albert Hall. The best part of the Hotel is the fitness with the pool really great.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2165-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hotel in London!,"I spent two nights here and did not want to leave. This hotel supposedly represents Hilton's ""new style approach"" and it is a great showpiece for it. It's all retro-industrial chic with dim lighting everywhere. Sinde the hotel is only a few months old, everything is immaculate. Even the lobby bathroom is like a spa, with rolled cotton washcloths in place of paper towels.  Staff were wonderful and service is top-notch. The Distillery Bar is chic with sylish furniture and great service. And the Oxbo restaurant has the most sensational breakfast I have seen at any hotel, a bachannalian buffet of every kind of hot and cold item and beverage you can image.  The room was great, with a super-comfortable bed, linens, and pillows and huge wall-mounted TV screen with lots of channels.…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"New hotel, highly recommended","Good central location, excellent service. The hotel was new in November 2015 and everything was squeaky clean. The rooms are well equipped for business needs. I really enjoyed the bar area, and breakfast was very comprehensive and high quality. Not a cheap stay, but competitively priced. I enjoyed it. ",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent. ,"A great hotel. Stayed here a few times with work, and would certainly stay again.   The rooms are great, bathrooms modern.   The staff in the bar are spot on.   I would highly recommend a stay here. If y I do, make sure you visit the bar for some of there Gin",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Hotel & First Class Service,"My wife and I have just comeback from a mini break in London and stayed at this hotel. The service was fantastic, the staff were friendly and attentive. It is the first time we have stayed in a hotel where the pictures on the website our an actual representation of real life. Stayed on the 7th floor in a one bedroom suite. Room was spacious, clean and immaculate. This room was recommended by the reception manager Pier (sorry if wrong spelling). Location is very good... Only 3 minutes behind the Tate modern. Highly recommend.... Will go back again. Thank you guys for making our mini moon very special. ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great Hotel, Staff and Location, Amazing breakfast","stayed for 3 nights and could not fault anything, you can walk to most places, fab breakfast, great rooms and staff, I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough, we got a great price too. 2 minutes from the Thames and Tate Modern and 5 minutes from Southwark Tube",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2170-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside - highly recommended,"Possibly the best hotel we've stayed at for some time. The facilities are excellent and nothing is too much trouble for the superb staff team. Walking distance from transport links, such as Southwark and Waterloo, and London attractions, St.Pauls, Tower Bridge, Tate Modern & Borough Market..... the list continues. Everyone was very polite, friendly and helpful. Fabulous breakfast and dinner menu, and the Distillery lounge bar which has a great ambiance. Definitely will return.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel,The hotel is very well located and easy to get too. It has very friendly staff and we were upgraded to a large suite with additional 20 pounds. The room was big and clean which was perfect for a family. The best feature of this hotel is its executive lounge with its quality food and drinks with very helpful and friendly staff.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London,"The Hilton Bankside is the perfect hotel for a leisure visit to London. Built within the revitalised area of Bankside it is quieter than many central London hotels and yet is only 5-10 minutes walk from either Southwark underground or London Blackfriars making it easy to get out and visit many London sights. The hotel is appointed to a high standard with luxury fittings, Bose speakers in the room and a luxury feel to the Hotel from the lobby and restaurant through to the rooms and executive lounge. The restaurant is superb and the food is excellent as is the variety for breakfast. I will definitely stay here again and is now my favourite hotel in London",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not a very impressive welcome ,"The hotel is really nice , modern and new. I must admit that customer service in the bar and restaurant was second to none and breakfast was absolutely delicious. My partner liked the Gym and was very impressed with the swimming pool.  So where did they go wrong ?   We arrived to the hotel with pre-paid  booking from hotels.com. For some reason our reservation was not in the system ...We all know it does happen that the booking can be missed by reservation, might not drop in to the system automatically etc. It was not a problem as we had booked the room, had the email confirmation, hotel was not full and every if Hilton is big enough to allocate us in a sister hotel.   I suggested we will wait in the bar till they have a look and find out what went wrong. So we ordered ourselves…",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
2178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful hotel,"Everything from check-in to check-out was easy and went smoothly at this hotel. Very efficient and friendly staff, super comfortable bed and linens, modern decoration in rooms, beautiful bathrooms with good quality toiletries. The location was great with easy access to the underground and plenty of restaurants within close walking distance. I will definitely stay at this hotel again.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2175-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing Hotel,"The hotel is beautiful. The staff is friendly and courteous. The breakfast buffet is exceptional, but I don't know whether it is affordable because it was included free of charge for me. My only criticism is that my room was too hot and then too cold, but the staff was very responsive and immediately sent maintenance to address the problem twice. The Distillery is a wonderfully chic bar in the hotel. The bartender, Ricardo, went out of his way to make delicious drinks catered to my tastes and was very gracious and personable. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely return in the future.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fab new hotel!,"Stayed overnight in town for a dinner.  Had seen this Hilton being built but hadn't realised it had quietly opened.  Really impressed.  Big rooms, modern luxurious furnishings.  Very good breakfast.  Hope to stay again.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent ,"As a diamond member since 2002 I have stayed in a few hiltons and have to say my experience with this Hilton with regards to service has been the best I have encountered. Every member of staff I walked past, interacted with or was served by was exceptional. The training or recruitment from the Bankside team is really paying off. My Hilton in London for future visits.  Recommend a high floor with executive lounge access we could see the top of Big Ben and the London eye.  How could the hotel improve? A mirror for the ladies in the bedroom rather than the bathroom or behind the wardrobe door.  I noticed the bar was a little quiet and would suggest the drinks may be over priced £26 for two single rum and cokes even for London was expensive. Tesco and sainsburys 10 yards from the…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A new London favourite,"On a recent trip to London for a fairly regular business committment I decided noted the recently (ok, last August) opened Hilton Bankside had a suitable selection of rooms. I was fortunate enough to be in a Twin Executive Room with access to the lounge, having been able to get a good price through the Hilton HHonours App.   From check in to check out the staff were faultless, courteous and immensely efficient. We did have a king room initially assigned to us, but this mistake was corrected quickly and without quibble and a suitable room with twin beds was found in the time it took us to walk back to the lobby. Both rooms were furnished to an exceptional standard, the beds (at least in our actual room) were very comfortable, and the room was perfectly clean.   I did note that…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic service & consistent, truly excellent",The staff are excellent throughout the Hotel and are very professional./ I cannot speak highly enough. The room/suite was very spacious/quiet and comfortable. The exec lounge is excellent and the service is very personable & efficient. I have a Hilton Honors Diamond loyalty card & I view this Hotel to be the best for service in a Hilton in London! Breakfast was excellent too & I will now stay here for business & pleasure,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2180-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"Have just returned from a three night stay and I was very impressed by: the courteous, efficient staff; the well stocked and atmospheric bar; the lavish choices at breakfast; the twin room with two queen sized beds; the fab rain shower; its position on the South Bank and the good price I got it all for. Will I return?? Absolutely 😀",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel close to public transportation,Really enjoyed my stay here for three days. Quick check in. Was glad when my room was ready at 8 am after getting off international flight. Bar is nice and has good drinks. Riccardo went out of his way to make sure we were well taken care of. Room was spacious and well appointed. Would definitely stay again.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Gorgeous hotel,"The Hilton London Bankside hotel is in a great location with plenty of amenities on it's doorstep, the Tate gallery being one. The rooms are beautifully decorated and restful. The pool was an added bonus and a perfect temperature for a relaxing swim. The staff were very pleasant and the hotel bar most luxurious. I will be returning!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceeded expectations,"This newly opened Hilton definitely exceeded all my expectations. The building itself was top quality and really clean. It was located centrally being close to Southwark tube and several bus stops.  We arrived early and were greeted by Anthony at one of the reception desks, he was polite and thorough making conversation. He stored are bags and had them sent to the room for are eventual arrival. When we got into the room the bathroom was one of the best I've seen in a hotel with a huge shower. We headed back out and when we returned the bed had been turned down with fresh towels and slippers left at the bed, this was a very nice touch and more than was expected for a one night stay. We've stayed in a number of hotels in London but this is definitely one that we would visit again…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great,Friendly Hotel","Its a quieter place to stay in London but near a tube station. We stayed here when we were in the audience of The Graham Norton Show.only 5 minutes walk to the studios.The Hotel is very clean, room is a good size, free sweets and soft drinks in the fridge. The staff were very friendly. we had the self-service breakfast which is cereal and full English, They also have a healthy option plus gluten free options  A little tip. If you can wait until the last minute to book then it could be cheaper.  When we first checked the price about 6 month before going the hotel was too expensive but we checked again 1 month before and the price was £300 cheaper, a big saving. If you want to save more money then book through a cashback-site.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2185-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very clean but price you bar spoils it,"Went to London for a couple of days with my wife and booked the hotel without any prior knowledge. The reception and book in where excellent, couldn't be more helpful, I lost count of how many people asked to carry our bags. The hotel is quite new and the whole place was neat and tidy, stylish decor. The room albeit not huge (we went for basic double) was more than adequate, plenty of storage, robe, slippers etc, the bed was extremely comfortable with high quality duvet and pillows , too hot for me but ideal for my wife. Fantastic bathroom and everything clean and well presented, the rooms climate control effective. Can't comment on the restaurants as we ate out, the hotel is in walking distance of everything.  We did use the pool, which is 17m, a good length to swim and a good…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Quality hotel in a good location,"Quality hotel at a reasonable price just a few minutes walk to the River Thames and Tate Modern. Clean, nicely decorated rooms and very friendly and efficient staff. Nothing to fault, though would recommend a high floor room for a better view.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Valentine Retreat,"Stayed here for 1 night on Valentine's day. As soon as we arrived in the hotel the staff were so friendly and couldn't do enough to help us. As we were only young I thought we could be put in a poorer hotel room but we were put in the top floor over looking the shard and other sights in London. The hotel room was so clean and big. The bathroom was lovely. We had a lady come in as soon as we got there asking if we needed any more drinks for our mini bar. Then had a call in the morning to see if we needed any help with our luggage. The staff couldn't of done enough for us! We decided to have a drink in there bar that night, which was the valentine's special and it really was special!! Our photo was taken and printed which was then given to us in a little envelope with a rose, on a…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great new addition to the Hilton family,"The hotel only opened back in October 2015 so I understand. It's in a great location, really easy to find and a short walk from Southwark tube station. The hotel is modern and well designed. The room décor is really good, very clean throughout and the room fridge with complimentary soft drinks and nibbles a nice gesture but very welcome. Dining options in the hotel are brilliant. The OXBO restaurant has a great selection. I opted for the snails to start and Wagyu Steak Burger...very nice and a good portion size also. The hotel bar is called ""The Distillery"", a great relaxing area and plenty of choices on offer.  From entering the hotel each member of staff I spoke were very pleasant and welcoming, great to see and it does make such a difference.  I'll certainly be staying here…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Just returned after 3 great nights,"Great quiet location but easy to get to most places. New hotel, great rooms and amazing breakfast and staff, if in London you must stay here. I am a Hilton member and can highly recommend this hotel. You can get great deals to. I will return.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2190-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Love love love,"Am staying here as I write. Came from the Park Lane Hilton but in my opinion this is much better. Modern funky decor and brand new rooms. As a HHonors diamond member I was upgraded to an executive room which had a lovely little lounge area. A massive unexpected bonus was that the non alcoholic content of the minibar was free - ideal when you have a thirsty child. The check in was very pleasant (thank you to Per who was very welcoming). The highlight of our trip has been the executive lounge. The service is exemplary and the staff are a credit to Hilton. It strikes just the right balance between opulence and comfort. We had canapes one evening from 6pm which were delicious, and the breakfast was very nice and relaxed, with staff happy to accommodate any special requests. Another…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing,"Guest room was decent and felt it was worth the money! I will be back to upgrade suites! perfect location not far from the city, I would definitely recommend this hotel! I have been to a few Hiltons in my time but this hotel will certainty be paid another visit and I will be upgrading my room to a junior suite!  Gym was okay. Pool looked amazing but didn't get the opportunity to take a dip.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great stay at the Hilton again...,"A bit of a fan but this hotel is both modern and well managed. The usual great service plus the well trained and enthusiastic (smiling) staff; from the front desk to breakfast team.... Well done. Have to come again. I have to fill up the 200 characters requirements but really everything was great: bed, decor, floor... I couldn't find a spot of dust in the room.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely bar with Ricky! ,"Best cocktails in London, brilliant service, brilliant rooms and more importantly brilliant drinks from Ricky!! You will not find a friendlier staff than this hotel, travelled from Glasgow and it is a home from home. If you want a cocktail just tell them what you want any and it will appear!!",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fresh, new and modern ","Attentive reception staff, take their time to ensure you feel very welcome.  We arrived early, were able to leave our luggage which was delivered to our room - nice touch!  Lovely Bar, staff very friendly - not many places now that allow staff to 'chat' to guests.  Perfect location with easy access to the South Bank.  Highly recommend ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2195-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good location,"Reception staff were very charming and efficient....   Room absolutely fine and as expected tho' when I queried the lack of ""complimentary soft drinks and snacks"" per the notification in the room, nothing materialised!?  (We were there for 2 nights).   Shame about the 'garden' we walked by/viewed from the windows of the corridor to our room...weeds and more weeds - not pretty! (we were on the 4th floor).  Really could/should have made something of that area. Location was good - just behind Tate modern, so short walk and right into the city/St Pauls (worth a visit at 5pm for Evensong and no entrance fee)..   The excellent Borough market just a 10 min walk. We chose to eat breakfast very near by (Albion - tho' there are many other options) given the £20+ cost via the hotel seemed…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel for little money,"I was truly impressed by a seamless experience at the Hilton. Very friendly staff, great lounge, nice rooms, good gym, very good location and everything at a very fair price (for London). Probably one of the best hotel stays I had in a big city such as London.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely stay!,"I stayed at this hotel on Saturday 13th Feb for one night. Was a really reasonable price for London hotels and we had a superior room breakfast included. When we checked in the lady on the desk Hannah was very helpful and friendly. Overall the staff at this hotel couldn't do enough for you, when any staff member see you they would say good morning or afternoon which people in the UK aren't normally that friendly! The room was perfect, clean, modern, lovely shower & comfortable bed! We also had a slice of chocolate cake delivered to the room after we arrived which was a nice touch. We went out for dinner nearby and then came back and had some drinks in the bar. The man who served our table in the bar was soo helpful, he recommended cocktails/beers when we wasn't sure which ones…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,I still don't know how much I paid!,The hotel it's self if beautiful. The rooms are glorious and the location is great.  I would however avoid eating here as £18 for a sandwich and £28 for two cocktails is a bit steep and there's places just as great near by.  The one BIG problem I had here was how much it cost. I still have no idea how much I paid.  The room was £149 but they took a £100 deposit before I got there. Followed by £49.50 on arrival and another £50 deposit so so far it's cost £199.50 we then had to pay £28 for the TWO cocktails we had (which weren't that great) and somehow they bill when we left was £77 with the £50 deposit returned. This does not make sense at all. Surely my final bill should have only been £28? This place is probably for those who see their extra £50 deposit as pocket change and not…,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,beware on line check in!,"On line looks like a good idea! Check in on your phone , email receipt when you check out - easy!  BUT if they happen to allocate you to the wrong room :you're a no show! You might use the bar, the gym, even breakfast - but not according to Hilton! Never mind the obvious security implications but good luck reclaiming on expenses. Phoned the hotel but didn't reply - guess I'm still an alias! Hotel does have a great location and rooms are modern , just make sure you check in the old fashioned way!",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2200-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My initial impression day 2,"The customer interaction and passion to satisfy guests were exceptional except with front desk staff I arrived on Friday night at around 1045 when the construction just happened to rope off the street directly in front of the hotel so my taxi was unable to drive me to the front door.  The lady at the concierge desk just stood at the counter and looked at me struggling with my oversized luggage. She never summoned anyone to assist me.  In fact she directed me to her male colleague when I managed to push my luggage forward.  Clerk was quite helpful but he was not very accommodating when I asked to check other options.   Since it had been a long day, I accepted the room.  Pedro took my bags to the room and was very helpful.   I am staying for few more nights  I am having my Sunday…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Such a shame........,"I seldom write reviews. It's usually only when something irks me. Read on.  This is a really good hotel. It opened in Q4 2015. I've stayed a half dozen times so feel reasonably well qualified to comment.  The staff are lovely and efficient with it. Whether you are checking in/out, in the executive lounge, in the bar or in the restaurant you will be impressed with the staff.  The rooms are very well appointed with high specifications. All rooms i've stayed in have been quiet. There are no nice views from any of the rooms and the area works best as a business location (just over Blackfriars or Southwark bridges you're in the City or a 10 minute walk you are in the area of the Shard) rather than a tourist base i would say. However it's always been business stays for me and i'm fine…",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Ticks all the boxes at this price,Location is spot on.  The breakfast is one of the best in London.  Rooms are excellent Even a cool bar off the bar The staff are highly attentive.  I will certainly book this hotel again for biz and pleasure.  Regardless which station you come it's a bit of a walk. Recommend jubilee  In the evening you have so much choice in any direction. ,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,sightseeing and relaxing holidays,"new hotel .. wide room( 35 to 45 ft )  .. perfect location (5 min walk to southwark station .. 3 stop from leicester square  ) 10 min walk to london bridge and Camden Market .. nice bar and coffeshop around it (tesco, sainsbury and cost coffee in front of the hotel).",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My new favourite hotel in London - awesome place,"I have been working and staying in London for years now, so I know a good hotel when I find one - This new Hilton is excellent! From the initial greeting from the Front desk staff, to the quality of the rooms, to the food in the restaurant at Breakfast - it is all great! The hotel has an Exec Lounge, but not the 'usual' London Hotel offering; e.g. a small room with a couple of bottles of Becks in a Fridge.  The Bankside has a nice spacious Lounge with good mixture of beverage/snacks and Staff providing lovely service. It has a decent 24hr Gym and unusually for such a central hotel, it also has a Pool. Location is good, a 5 minute walk from Southwalk Tube station (Jubilee line), or a short walk to London Bridge. I'm at a loss to find a bad point about this hotel...probably that…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2205-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,This Hilton has broken the mould,"Let me start of by saying I haven't stayed in a Hilton for years, because I've found them too uniformed and no personality.  I stayed at this hotel on 16th January 2016, it was a weekend away with my husband. I wanted a change of scenery as I normally stay in a Crowne plaza hotels.  This Hilton has stepped up their game, What a awesome hotel.  We decided to drive to London from Hampshire and made use of their valet parking, we booked this in advance, it was £40 for 24hr - which I thought was typical of London parking prices. When we arrived I was really surprised with the reception area it's has a really urban funk to it - it has a nice open space but not to big where you feel lost.  Hilton have put some real thought into how the receptionist interacts with 'the customer', I…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside London review,"Business trip for 9 days. This Hilton hotel is new, staff were very helpful. Good location very near the city and southbank, next to Tate modern. Rooms are good size and clean. Overall a fantastic stay.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Dinner with colleagues,Had a wonderful dinner in the Exbo restaurant.  The food was superb.  We had the fillet steak with the best peppercorn sauce ever slipped down nicely with a Shiraz Malbac.  The service from the Italian waiter was wonderful and he could not do enough for us.  There is a lovely bar for pre-dinner drinks as well. a big thank you to Ben Black the account manager who showed us around the hotel.,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel,"Stayed here for 2 nights with my boyfriend. First of all, It is quite hard to park around the area meaning we had to do the valet parking costing a whopping £40 per night! I would definitely recommend the train. That is the only fault I could find. The staff are lovely and very helpful, the breakfast is fantastic and the rooms are amazing. Huge comfy bed, large tv, brilliant shower with a bose speaker meaning you can listen to the tv whilst showering! They also provide robes and slippers which was a nice touch. We ran out of t-bags one night and after 2 minutes of us calling reception, a maid was at our door with several t-bags. Amazing service, would 100% come back here again.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A new favorite in London ,"Hotel was opened in November so it had some ""child"" sickness in the start. They have shaped up now and it is a joy staying there, restaurant and bar area is nice, the gym is good and the swimming pool is nice and relaxing. Location is good too. They can still improve but I see difference from week to week  so it is getting really good.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2210-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very nice experience ,"Very nice hotel, very very new and polish. Standard rooms are well equipped and very stylish. The personal is very kind. Very nice swimming pool zone and nice fitness centre, even if a bit small.  The structure is quite near the Tube station.  If you are lucky you can book this hotel with very accessible prices.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb hotel,"We stayed at the Hilton whilst attending a family wedding. From the moment we entered the hotel everything was more than could ever be expected. The hotel is only a few months old, so everywhere is spotless. The staff all appear to be extremely proud to be there. Check in was quick, we managed to get upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite for an extra few quid, well worth the money. The lovely receptionist showed us the executive lounge and then took us to our room to ensure we were happy. The room was spacious, spotless and had everything you could ever need. The complementary breakfast was good, and again the waiting staff were wonderful. The icing on the cake is the location, within minutes of Borough market and the millennium bridge. I would never fail to recommend this hotel to…",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Sunday Lunch in Restaurant,"buffet starter & dessert with unlimited Prosecco roast beef, Yorkshire pudding, Roast Potatoes & Veg  From the minute you enter the restaurant the management and staff cannot do enough for you - although people may think £40 per head is expensive for a roast, if you view the quality on offer and amount you can have starter drink; which does retail in the bar at £10 per glass it is an amazing offer. We spent two hours in here which if we lived closer we would do on a much more regular basis - in fact I loved it so much I have booked next month for a family trip . book it you will not regret!! *NB do not use TFL Map to get there it is very confusing walk along embankment until you get to Bankside turn right and it is opposite Holiday inn Express. Enjoy.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
2217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"High-quality service, excellent rooms","I stayed here over the New Year and into January for business, but have also stayed here on a few occasions since). Overall, this is a very impressive Hilton with particularly noteworthy service.   Check-in is quick and smooth. My room was well proportioned and thought through. It had a nice day bed, as well as a comfortable desk and chair for working. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the linen high quality. The TV works well and there are also speakers in the bathroom. The room had a nice shower of the 'waterfall' variety, towels were plush. The AC is perhaps a little sensitive, but works very well indeed.  Breakfast is plentiful, has a good selection and was refilled promptly (hotel was at full capacity over NYE and although the breakfast room was busy, there were no…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brand new Hotel,"Nice hotel, well located near the river and brand new. They only opened a few month ago. So the bed feels great and the entire room looks immaculate. Comfortable all around, and located in a small street, so very quiet as well. Good place to stay in London.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2215-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing experience,"We had two nights at the Hilton Bankside and we were blown away by the experience.  The staff were all friendly, courteous and professional.  From start to finish we felt that we had been treated to a great time.  The food was perfect every step of the way.  The choice at breakfast was second to none and beautifully presented and tasty.  We had dinner one night during our stay, which was first class.  Next time we are in London we will be making a return visit.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel!,"Excellent accommodation, very friendly and helpful staff, breakfast was also very good. Great location, close to Southwark tube station, hence Jubilee Line, meaning just a few stops to central London. Also walking distance to Tate Modern, Millenium bridge, St. Paul's Cathedral etc. We would recommend it.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb new Hilton!,"We stayed here in November 2015, shortly after it opened and got a special opening rate. At the price we paid I thought that value for money was fantastic. The hotel definitely deserves 5 stars: the decorations throughout the property are beautiful, the rooms are very big for London standards, location is excellent and staff were extremely helpful and polite.   This Hilton is worlds apart from the older and outdated hotels of the same chain. I loved the design of the place, very different to what you usually find in London.  Southwark Station is less than a 5 minute walk away, from there you can catch the Jubilee Line to take you to City Airport or head to Bond Street for shopping. You can also catch the bus just outside of the hotel that takes you to Covent Garden.   I would…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel let down by check-in experience,"Was very much looking forward to staying at this hotel given its location (usually I stay north of the river but increasingly enjoy visiting sights, restaurants on the South Bank). However, things did not get off to a great start...  I had called earlier to request a slightly early check-in (1-2pm) so that I could shower and change after a long haul flight and head off for a meeting at 3pm, and was told that would be no problem.  However, when I did eventually arrive at 2pm, I was told my room wasn't ready but was offered a downgrade (!) if I wanted a room immediately.  I then asked if there was somewhere I could get changed instead and was told that I could use the changing room in the Exec Lounge and so I opted for that rather than the downgraded room.  As it turned out, there…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic hotel, great value for money",We had a wonderful stay at this brand new hotel over the Christmas holiday.  As Hilton Diamond members we were upgraded to a Deluxe room (from a base room) and received complimentary breakfast and lounge access.  Service at this hotel is absolutely phenomenal - from the front desk staff to the lounge staff - we were so impressed by the sincere enthusiasm and friendliness of many of the employees here.  We also greatly appreciated the complimentary refreshments and snacks in the mini fridge in our room and the beautiful chocolate dessert we received with the turn down service on Christmas Day.  Would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely be staying here on my next visit to London!,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2220-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Nice, clean, modern rooms, but poor service.","We arrived at 15:00 (check-in time) but at receptionist said that there weren't any ready room. Receptionist suggested to leave baggage and walk around a little bit, when we asked about ETA for room - the answer was ""Leave your phone number, we will call.""   If you want to celebrate something - don't choose this hotel: in booking notes I wrote, that we celebrate our anniversary and would like some advice about good restaurant. First of all there wasn't any compliment from hotel, secondly - there wasn't any advice I requested for. Poor service for 5-star hotel, isn't it?  About ""free"" wi-fi - it's limited with speed, want unlimited - pay £9.99 per day. The internet speed was awful - it took 10-15 minutes to check email, but if you want to browse social medias or music/video -…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
2225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Enjoyable stay. ,"This is a very nice and modern hotel and the staff are very good and attentive. Good value for money and in a good location.   However, the room was not cleaned to a very high standard as others peoples rubbish was still in our room. Overall good hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
2226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel - But Not Great,"We spent 5 days at this hotel in January.  It does a lot of things right.  But it has a few glaring problems.  Let's start with the good:  The Executive Lounge staff was outstanding.  Very warm, helpful and generous.  We found the same experience with the staff of OXBO and The Distillery.  So whoever is training these employees should get a gold star. The Executive Lounge was a very comfortable room and environment. The food offerings for pretty good.   The food and beverage offerings in OXBO and The Distillery were above average for a chain hotel restaurant. In our Junior Suite room, the bed was very comfortable - on par with Westin's ""Heavenly Beds.""  The room was also very quite with no street or ""room to room"" noise.  The shower had great water pressure and had no problem…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My new favourite hotel in London,"My first review on tripadvisor, prompted by having such an enjoyable stay - was there for 3 nights for a conference, but my wife was able to join me for 2 nights too.  I booked a king deluxe suite in the winter sale, and would highly recommend it, especially given the more reasonable price than many inferior hotels around London.  Greated at the front desk by Jan, who was lovely.  The décor is more modern than most Hilton's I've been to, which was great.  Its only 3 months old, but it is very clean and tidy.  The suite was fantastic, with a very comfy bed, a large bathroom (with WC, shower, separate bath), separate WC beside door, sofa and armchairs and two TVs, all in separate sleeping/relaxing areas. Minibar had a nice selection, with soft drinks and snacks complimentary.  The…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A lot of room for improvement,"I'm usually not too picky about hotels - a year ago I stayed at the CitizenM down the block and thought it was a fantastic hotel - the customer service was superb   I was really excited about the Hilton Bankside after reading all the positive reviews. Unfortunately my experience was just no where near worth the money. Most of the outlets in the room did not work, there was no hot water, only warm (I confirmed this with my coworker), the room had a funny smell and after being cleaned the smell of cleaning product was just ridiculous. The cleaning staff and front desk staff appeared to  be friendly but were extremely sarcastic in their responses (Maybe this is a UK thing but it was contradictory to my stay at the CitizenM which had the most helpful staff). The first night my phone…",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
2229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2225-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic Food,"We tend to book hotels not just for their location but also for the menu and we were delighted to find that the quality of the food was outstanding. Thoroughly enjoyed the Casterbridge Steak and the Shoulder of Lamb, the desserts were bliss. Wonderful selection of bread and pastries served with breakfast. Can really recommend.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great for a city break,"The hotel exceeded expectations and really delivered on value for the room booking. It was great in terms of service, comfort and aesthetics. We stayed for one night and were sad to leave. Given it is a fairly new hotel, everything was very high quality and in good condition and I'd like to return to be able to try more of the amenities.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful weekend break,"This brand new hotel is beautifully appointed - fantastic comfortable bed and walk-in shower - room and bathroom larger than is often the case in a London hotel.  Mild problem in that there was no internet/WIFI/TV/radio access Saturday evening or Sunday morning, but we were told this was a teething problem, a one-off (the hotel has only been open a few months).  Not a problem for us as we were on vacation but would be extremely annoying, potentially, for a business traveller.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,5 star experience ,"The hotel is in an excellent location for sight seeing, a five minute walk from the tube and within walking distance for many London attractions The hotel is new and the decor is clean and modern. All the staff were very friendly and attentive, giving you the impression that no request would be too much.. We stayed in an executive King room which was very clean and spacious. The bed was huge and the most comfortable one I've ever slept in.  We dined in the restaurant and the food was delicious. The choices for breakfast were vast and beautifully presented. Again the staff were very attentive and the chefs cooked many extra items to order.  All in all I had a fantastic stay in this hotel and would highly recommend it. ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel few improvements and it would be perfect,"Just got back after a two nights stay and our third London stay in 3 months. This hotel was cheaper than the last two and delivered more. The bed was very comfortable, the room was spacious and the bathroom was luxurious. On the improvement side, there is no mirror in the bedroom so its impossible for women to sit and dry hair. I asked at checkout why and was told that if I had asked for one they could provide one!! The seat at the desk doesnt move easily and comes apart when you lift it. We came back on our first day to relax in our room before going out again in the evening and our room had not been refreshed so it was 2pm before we got back in and could chill out.  We will definately stay again.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2230-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A very special stay,"Hilton Bankside Stayed for 3 nights in January. 5 min walk from Southwark tube station on Jubilee line. The hotel interior decor is quite special.  Recently opened in October 2015, this hotel is modern and luxurious throughout, particularly the lobby, our large shower room & the executive lounge.  The fabulous Hilton breakfast kept us going all day. However, there seems to be a problem keeping the cooked breakfast items warm as ours were cold on 2 out of 3 mornings. Beautiful pastries and a varied selection of fruit or yogurt meant there was plenty choice. There was a noticeable deterioration on Sunday morning when shelves and baskets etc were not refilled resulting in a far limited choice. We were also shown to a table that had not been cleared or set for us.  We arrived on…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Room for improvements but very nice hotel,"I couldn’t fault the customer service at the hotel and the facilities were very nice. Stayed in one of their suites, I would have expected more accessories in the suite - hair dryer etc. Very nice room nevertheless. Executive access provided nice food and attentive staff. Television didn’t work all night in our room, when called the reception, the lady laughed which didn’t impress me.. I wasn’t asked about my stay on check out so I wasn’t able to voice my opinions unfortunately",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wanted to give 5 stars!,"We arrived very early but we were able to check in which was nice and unexpected.  We had an upgrade to a one bedroom suite (£15 extra), but that meant that we had to wait for the bedding to be changed to non-feather, so we were able to wait in the lovely executive lounge with a nice cup of coffee.  The room on the 5th floor was lovely, light and airy but not a great view. We waited for our luggage to be brought up, but when there was no sign of it we rang down to request it.  They phoned us back twice as it appeared that our luggage had gone missing!  They were about to go over the CCTV footage when it arrived at our room.  I do not know exactly what happened but it made the arrival rather stressful!  The room was nice with good facilities however there were very limited…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel,"Really great hotel, with lovely staff who were eager to help if needed. Facilities were excellent, and the location is not too far away from the hub of the city. Would definitely stay here again, without any hesitation! And will be recommending it to all family and friends.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Modern, tidy and well organised","A very good hotel for anyone. Customer service is amazing, rooms clean and facilities just fabulous. I found the executive lounge they offered very attractive and a good additional choice; you can eat and drink as much as you want to. The atmosphere is relaxed but prestigious which makes the space great for, e.g., planning your day in London or for winding out for a moment.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2235-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect in every way,"We spent  3 nights in this fabulous hotel and were very satisfied on every count . We snatched a great deal on the Hilton website points +cash and were able to access the executive lounge for an extra 35£ a day for 2  . This was an excellent choice as breakfast, afternoon tea and pre dinner canapés and drinks are served very generously. There was really no need to eat outside. The minibar in the room was free (non alcoholic) and replenished daily  The room is modern with the Hilton signature bed which is just perfect .  Turndown service is offered in the evening. The staff is excellent and always happy to help. Most of them speak French   There is a lovely pool 17 meters long and a jaccuzzi which is nice after a day out. The gym is equipped with three treadmills , elliptic…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice new hilton,"A nice new Hilton staff seem very interested in customer service, lounge is good with plenty of seating, breakfast was good however staff still seem to be learning what to do however that said they could not do more to help you. Pool is good, fitness room a bit small but was ok when I stayed as I was the only one using it. So why not 5 rating, two reasons one is staff are still learning what to do and that shows, and our room overlooked the railway line which kept us awake, also the mini bar made a noise I could not turn it off so with the trains and mini bar it was not a good nights sleep",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Definitely 5 star,"We stayed in January and only intended staying one night but we were so impressed with the facilities and staff, that we stayed another night. It was a special occasion and Shrina  and Per helped to make my weekend special.  I would highly recommend this hotel and have already.  The rooms are lovely, the leisure facilities excellent, the restaurant and bar great and the staff exceptional.  There is so much to do within walking distance and it makes a good base for a weekend in London.  We will be back.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best London Hotel,"Stayed for a weekend (Sat/Sun night), This hotel from the moment you check-in to when you leave is excellent. On arrival we paid for a upgrade to a 1 bed suite and have to say the room was perfect, large bedroom, bathroom and good size living room with great view of the Shard. The bed was super comfy and the décor was modern and so clean. We also had use of the executive lounge with buffet breakfast and snacks and canopies throughout the day, Staff are super polite and nothing a problem for them. Have to say after quite a lot of overnight and weekend stays in London this is definitely the best hotel we have stayed at for everything, (even stayed at the Waldorf and this is way nicer). Also the best Hilton hotel we have stayed at anywhere in the world. Whatever they are doing here…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton London Bankside - brilliant!!,"We stayed here for one Saturday night in January 2016.    On arrival we were met by Jan who very promptly acknowledged our reservation and then after a short chat explaining the reason for our trip were offered (for a small additional fee) an upgrade for a suite and use of the Executive Lounge.  The suite was not quite ready but no problem as Jan (who was excellent) said we could have an afternoon tea in the Lounge with the upgrade.  Room (suite) was excellent on top (7th floor).  Nice lounge, huge shower, super big (and very comfy) King bed.  Behind the curtains clear views of the Shard! It was so quiet also - no internal or exterior noise at all during our stay.  We used the lounge for pre dinner drinks/canapes.  The waiters were very punctual and nothing was a problem.  Post…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2240-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Cool and fantastic!,"Me and my husband stayed for two nights at Hilton Bankside. The hotel is well located to nearest subway station with a 5 minute walk. It has a very cool interior design, fantastic service minded staff and a nice breakfast. We loved our room and the restaurant, didn't have a chanse to try the bar but we´ll do it the next time we visit. Cause we will visit Hilton Bankside again! The only thing we could have asked for was a little more light in the room cause it was a little dark but that was not a big thing. I will highly recommend this to you all!!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Weekend stay,My wife & l stayed here a couple of weeks a go on a weekend theatre break & everything about this place was superb. The staff were very attentive & wanted to make sure our stay was a great experience .We did not have an evening meal in the hotel restaurant but had the breakfast which had a wide range of choices from traditional cooked english breakfast to continental style. On both mornings there we managed to have a swim before breakfast in the hotel pool & again the facilities were superb & spotlessly clean. We found the hotel to be in a great location with it been only five to ten minute walk from Southwark tube station on the Jubilee Line. Also the Tate Modern is only a short walk away along with the Shard & Globe theatre. We found the Strand on the other side of the Thames…,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"A warm welcome and great service.  Room was very clean with great facilities and very quiet with no noise from other rooms, hallway or outside. Hotel was perfect for our trip to the globe theatre. Recommend the valet parking, so easy and probably cheaper than train tickets in to London.  Breakfast was amazing, with so much choice and realistic serving times (6am to 11am). ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Practically perfect in every way!,"Nothing bad to day about this hotel. It looks and feels very posh, modern and stylish. The staff are very polite and helpful. It is perfectly located in the centre of London, close to Southwark tube station which is just a few stops from all major attractions etc. We were very impressed with the price as well. We had breakfast which was lovely.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,London for Business,The Hilton Bankside is a beautiful new hotel.  The minute you walk in there is a calm and relaxed atmosphere.  The staff have been trained to high standards and are extremely friendly and professional.  Working in Southwark street the hotel is an ideal place to stay.  The internet facilities and desk unit in the room makes it very easy to work in the comfort of your room.  The bathroom and bed are of very good quality and the room is clean and with no excess noises from other rooms or the road.  All in all a very pleasant stay.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2245-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous experience,"From our warm welcome in the wonderful lobby, next the fabulous room, its only been open a few months and the attention to detail is great. we had drinks in the bar along with very tasty appetisers, during the evening the bar got busier and busier and the atmosphere was very good. We slept well on the extremely comfortable bed, the room had everything you need. A very warm welcome at breakfast and a vast choice. all staff we met were eager to please and very friendly. Saw the pool but did not use it also saw the executive lounge which we would certainly hope to book next time. The hotel is in such a convenient place and once London Bridge station re=opens fully in the summer its a few minutes walk from the hotel. Would not hesitate to stay again.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic comfort,"Last minute booking for work 2 day conference.  Fantastic quality in room, bedding and bathroom recently refurbished so very new and fresh but far superior or former Limdon experience.  Bags to room Nd personal attention showing all room facilities - highly recommended - late night bar at very reasonable cost.  A must reservation wether business or pleasure.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Louise,"This hotel offered a great base in which to sightsee around London.It also is a hotel that has fabulous compliment of staff that could not do enough for you.Impeccable cleanliness, beds so comfortable and executive package wonderful if you are looking for the relaxing element after a busy sightseeing day. Highly recommend this hotel😃",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Ursula,"We stayed in the Hilton London Bankside for the weekend and it was fantastic. The location of the hotel is excellent, it's within walking distance of many local attractions and a short journey in to central London. The staff here are fantastic, very friendly, courteous and helpful and our room was stunning. The hotel itself is modern and extremely stylish and the food was amazing. We'll definitely be coming again, thank you London Hilton Bankside for making our weekend so special. ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel and friendly staff!,"I am staying at this hotel for business for seven days and my stay has been fantastic.  The staff are all very friendly, executive lounge for diamond members is great (they could do a better breakfast) and rooms are new and large for Europe.  I am extremely happy with this hotel.  Oh, and great bar!  I usually stay at the Waldorf when I come to London, but I am pretty sure I have a new hotel.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2250-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent First Stay,"This was our first time staying in a Hilton, and our first impression was excellent.  The front destk staff remembered our name, and even though we arrived hours before our check in time, they made getting our room ready a priority and phone me to tell me the room was ready, depite still being several hours before check in time.  The rooms were well thought out in terms of design, comortable and had an adequate amount of space for 2 adults.  Excellent service, quality and location.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel in brilliant location,"Very modern hotel with classy decor throughout. We stayed in an executive room which lived up to its billing. The restaurant and bar were first class and lively. The Exec Lounge is worth it for a chill out. Very attentive staff, quick to respond to any problem. We were going to The Globe Theatre and doing a long walk on The Thames. Location was perfect for this. This hotel will definitely be our hotel of choice for central London stays.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great service in a London bar Thanks Shrina.,"Nice room with slate shower... BUT the real treat was great service and the staff in the Distillery Bar in the lobby. Three of us arrived around 10 pm and never had to wait for another drink all the way to last call.. Shrina was supper helpful suggesting beers, and made sure we felt welcome.. Thanks Hilton for a great evening and Thanks Shrina for friendly service, you made the evening fun..",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, great faculties, location and staff","We stayed here for two weeks from early January and it was fantastic. Great gym and pool as well as sizeable rooms.  The staff were fantastic, particularly Anthony at reception. Nothing was too much trouble for them.  There are excellent restaurants close by and it is an easy walk to the tube. We will definitely return. Great value for money.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My hotel of choice in London,"I cannot simply agree with those who have said they were underwhelmed or unimpressed with this hotel. This is by far the best hotel I have stayed in, not just in London, but across Europe and the USA.  Put simply, these guys care. That's why I return. If something is wrong, they put it right. You just have to let them know. This is now my 10th stay at the hotel since it opened and I have never come across a place where they truly care about you.   This stay was for a birthday celebration and there were little treats in the room on arrival and even a complimentary upgrade. Rooms are spacious, most with walk in showers, however some do have separate bathrooms as well. I was in a one-bedroom suite - simply stunning with a really comfortable (and separate) lounge and dining area,…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2255-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Underwhelmed ,"I was really looking forward to trying this hotel as colleagues had recommended it to me; unfortunately I was not impressed at all and left bitterly disappointed. On check-in I asked for a room with a bath which was denied and I was made to feel like a nuisance for even asking - I should mention I'm a Diamond HHonors member. I was upgraded to a Deluxe room but noted better rooms showing available, once again I was refused anything better. The breakfast in the main restaurant was chaotic and clearly understaffed - we were made to wait an age before being seated and the place was only half-full. The food itself was nice but you had to wait for everything as the buffet was depleted. I overheard the staff commenting that it was always like this for Sunday breakfast as 'nobody wants…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"New hotel, fab service","We went on a date night and were looked after. We had a deluxe room which was very comfortable. We had wine and nibbles in the Distillery which was delicious and the staff, especially Ana L, were excellent. Breakfast was of a very high standard. I love the mixture of stone and carpet. We will be back",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fab weekend,"just had a fab weekend here and could not find any faults at all.All staff friendly and informative.Shrina in the bar was exceptional as was Per on reception.Breakfast was unbeatable and Dinner was very good.The deluxe room was great and we enjoyed the spa.In a very good location for Borough Market,The Globe Theatre and much more.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A real pleasure,"My wife and I stay at Hiltons all around the world. What marks this hotel out is the happy, smiling helpful professional staff team. Nothing was too much trouble and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Clearly a tribute to the staff election and training that has been done on our behalf.  If there is one small criticism it was that our room, although very well appointed and serviced was dark and  need the lights on even during the day. We did enquire and there are rooms with more windows but it is not something that you would normally ask for.  Well done Hilton Bankside and Thank you",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant stay in this great new Hilton!,"We have just enjoyed a lovely weekend staying at the Hilton in Bankside. This is a true 5 star Hilton. Extremely friendly staff from check in until checkout. We used the pool facilities which are incredibly clean and modern, with nice touches such as complimentary water and modern locking lockers.   Our ""King Guestroom"" was lovely. A comfortable King size bed with beautiful sheets. Modern design and large walk-in shower in the bathroom. Robes included also (5 star touch)  The public areas in the hotel are also incredibly fresh and clean with a stylish bar beside checkin. Prices are steep but this is to be expected at a good London hotel, so no complaint there.  Good location.  I will certainly be back. Other Hilton hotels should learn from this one. A fantastic experience!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2260-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"New Hotel, Excellent Service",This was a short three night getaway visit.  I usually stay at one of the Hilton brands and most of the other locations were a bit on the expensive side so I thought I would give this new hotel a shot.  And I am glad I did.  Arrived around noon and greeted by a very enthusiastic desk clerk who told me I had been upgraded to a King Deluxe Room which apparently means it is on a higher floor.  The standard and deluxe rooms look to be the same physically apart from location in the hotel.  The rooms are really dark but all very nice.  Beds are extremely comfortable and the chaise lounge by the window is comfortable as well and really nice for relaxing.   Decent selection of TV channels.  Wifi worked fine but I really did not put much demand on it.  Minibar has space for a few items…,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"New hotel, comfortable ","This is a hotel that has only been open for a few months. It smells lovely on entry and the check in was quick, several desks and staff are helpful and friendly. The only downside is that the bar was closed after 12 so after we returned from dinner there wasn't an option for a nightcap ",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Perfect girlie weekend, special thanks to Pers","This was a wonderful stay. Thanks to my Dismond status we had beautiful rooms with access to the executive lounge. The hotel is vibrant and new but its greatest asset is its staff. Smiling, helpful, cheerful, they are great ambassadors for this new Hilton and the Hilton brand. Bedrooms were clean with comfortable beds and good sized bathrooms. Bed linen was beautiful and we all had a good night's sleep The executive lounge served a lovely afternoon tea and the evening canapés and prosecco were  fabulous. Breakfast offered a good choice with cook to order items available Pers was a delight and very chatty. Really impressed and we all felt welcomed and pampered. Lovely lovely lovely. Thank you",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Everything as you'd expect at Hilton,I've stayed twice on business now. This is a new hotel and nicely furnished / finished.  Rates depend on when you stay - very expensive at c 269£ midweek whereas a definite deal at 118£ weekends. Expect these to rise.   Local area is quiet but you can walk to a selection of chain restaurants / pubs or just stroll along the Thames.  You are five minutes walk from Southwark tube station.   I'd happily go back if the rates were right.  Oh snd it would be great if wifi was faster - standard version is good enough for email but forget video.  Premium is £10 per day - pity they still charge for a basic service like this.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"excellent service, excellent food, great bar, all new facilities","I have been staying with this hotel three times, between October 2015 and January 2016. A colleague recommended this hotel, and I can confirm that this is a great place to stay at, with reasonable pricing also.  The rooms are big enough, including nice gimmicks like international power outlets on the desk, and nice showers in the bathroom. I did not use the pool yet, so cannot comment on this one.  The staff is going to great lengths to fulfill every request you have. The Concierge did a good job helping to retrieve my luggage that had been lost in transit, and obviously all the smaller requests they handle fast and reliable also. The team is very international, so you will probably find someone who is fluent in your mother tongue among them. You will realize how much they enjoy…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2265-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant hotel,Stayed at the Hilton Bankside for New Year and had a brilliant time. The staff were amazing and couldn't do enough for you. You would expect the rooms to be nice as this hotel is new but they were really lovely. Breakfast was great and again staff were so good. You can easily walk into central London in 20 mins.  Can't wait to go back!,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Good Hotel with Pool,Had a reason to stay in this area and found this hotel by luck.  Chose it due to having a swimming pool.  The room was well furnished and clean with a good sized bathroom (no bath but large wet area).  Do not expect a view but that was fine for us as the inside room was very quiet.  The pool itself was good but not overly big; 3 or 4 swimmers doing lengths would be max although it was only us when we used it so not a problem.  Gym facilities looked pretty good too but no sauna or steam room.  Wifi free for HHonours holders.,Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel Choice For London 4.5/5,"I'm a little slow in getting a review up, but this hotel is definitely worth saying something good about, especially since finding a decent hotel in London that is also affordable is a challenge. I stayed at the Hilton Bankside for 6 nights on business and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. It's located south of the Thames and within 3 or 4 minutes walk to Southwark Tube Station (Jubilee Line) or a bit longer walk the other way to Millennium Bridge and access to the area around St.Paul's.  The neighbourhood is very nice with plenty of choices for restaurants, pubs, grocery stores, banks etc. The first thing you notice when you enter the hotel is there are staff everywhere-all very friendly and eager to help. The lobby is large with lots of seating and immediately adjacent to a large…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,New year,"Nice hotel.  I spilt a cup of tea on the bed, asked for the bedding to be replaced which was totally ignored.  Expected better house keeping in such an expensive hotel. Disappointing. Check in was easy, and the reception staff were friendly",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nice New Hotel,"Would give this place “4.5 stars” if possible, it’s a very good new hotel in a good location. Review based on a one night stay in January (background of spending 80+ nights per year in different hotels around the globe).   Location: Due to late arrival I had little time to check out the surroundings but at least a bunch cafés, restaurants and convenience stores are within stone’s throw. And it’s a walking distance to many major sights in London (like Tate, Millennium bridge, Globe and Shard) so I’m sure there’s plenty to do here.    Multiple railway & tube stations in the area so connecting to the other parts of London (and the rest of UK) is easy.   Room: Had a room at 5th floor which had a nice modern stylish décor, almost luxurious. Especially the bathroom resembled me of the…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2270-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Its true, the staff are AMAZING.","I stayed at this hotel after a night out in London. This particular establishment was very clean and pleasant. The rooms were relatively small but were very comfortable and relatively beautiful. What stood out to me during my stay was the staff. As other before me have mentioned, the staff in this hotel are genuinely Wonderfull.  I was welcomed and checked in by the lovely receptionist Kiana Cho who was very friendly and helpful. She is one of the, if not THE most friendliest, most welcoming receptionist I have ever come across. At the bar, we were presented with exquisite cocktails by a remarkable bartender (who sounded, I believe Italian). Other staff such as the waiter who served us at the bar, and the concierge were all wonderful and really made our stay that much better.…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Celebration Stay,"In November my husband and myself stayed here with friends to celebrate there  40th Wedding Anniversary. The Hotel was in a very good location to get around London, the room were very clean and had everything we needed. The package I booked included a free drink, it was lovely to start of the evening with a glass of Champagne before we went out. The staff were very friendly and booked us a local taxis to get to our boat, which we were booked on the the Saturday evening. I would definately recommend this Hotel to anyone staying in London.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superbly appointed brand new hotel with great location,"The hotel instantly impressed us with its gorgeous lobby and super friendly staff. Our room was beautifully appointed and the bathroom is modern, edgy and sleek. We were a little surprised though, that in GB there are no power points allowed in the bathroom but unfortunately the hotel has not taken this in consideration, with  two women trying to their hair in the bedroom with no mirror only having the TV reflection to use. There is another mirror inside the wardrobe door but no power plug inside only opposite in the other wall... The executive lounge is just divine, we loved the open fire and the most comfortable armchairs. Afternoon tea was lovely only to be disappointed with the offerings for cocktail time. Plenty of crudites and dips and nuts but in comparison to many other…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Theatre Trip,Very welcoming helpful and friendly staff.Clean rooms and comfy beds. Ideal for visiting places of interest and Southbank. Waterloo station within walking distance also The Oxo Tower for  pre Theatre drinks or a meal. Would definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Excellent hotel, Best team serving clients","I stayed in this hotel five nights and followiing are my comments: - New hotel (3/4 months old) in the reviatalised Southwark side of the Thames. This is quite convenient whether you are on busiiness or leisure. The train Station is rouond the corner and Thames walk, a stone's throw away with St Paul Cathedral, Westminister and Tower of London in walking distance. - All amenities are new, modern and in working order. For those who visit London would appreciate what it means. All areas f the hotels are clean and fresh. - The staff (the whole team) is very courteous and effcient which makes this hotel stand out. They make extra efforts to remember your name and speak to you to make you feel comfortable. Mihai and his team from the front office , Michaela from the restaurant and…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2275-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding - as good as is looks in the photos,"Stayed three nights in a one bedroom suite. First time at this hotel, normally stay at Hilton Tower Bridge but this is my new favourite Hotel in London.  Beautiful reception area, wonderful staff at check-in. The first suite I was allocated was rather dark but they quickly found me another with larger windows and lots more light. Thank you!  Suite was really nice but lighting rather poor - only one lighting circuit in each part of the suite therefore it was case of all lights on or all lights off.  Fantastic bed, very comfortable.  Bathroom superb, great big shower.  Buffet breakfast was excellent and the bar and restaurant are really nicely decorated and very nice for just sitting and chilling.  Didn't use the pool or gym but they certainly looked impressive.   One minor…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,WOW,What a great addition to Hilton in London.  From start to finish it could not have been better.  The Staff were so helpful and friendly and the hotel is very stylish indeed.  We also used the executive lounge which was also first class.  Well done to all a fantastic stay.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hotel clean and spacious but lacking a bit of professionalism,"Stayed with family between the 24th and the 30th December 2015. On arrival the receptionist wanted us to upgrade our room for £24.00 extra per night which we refused. Then they asked for a deposit of £50.00 per day which is either blocked on your credit card or you leave cash. When we booked our King Juinor suite it was specified on the confirmation that we will have a city view and a high floor, we only obtained a courtyard interior view and on the first floor. We has also reserved to be delivered extra towels every day, request not taken out. Every day I had to go reception to ask for extra towels and that we wer three people in the room. King junior suite problems with the shower on the first day, no pressure and shower head leaking. They only upgraded us on the second day to…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Beautiful, luxurious hotel - 30 min walk from central London.","The hotel is really nicely presented with attractive, modern and stylish décor. The staff are very helpful and friendly - they take their position seriously and try hard to ensure you are satisfied. We were upgraded which was lovely and the soft drinks and snacks in the fridge were complimentary. The room was really nicely presented with a lovely bathroom, robe, slippers and toiletries etc. Disappointingly, the hairdryer is on an extremely short, spiraled cable and all plug sockets are low down so trying to dry your hair means the plug keeps coming out of the wall. There is also no vanity mirror or area for use whilst drying hair/applying make up. The only mirrors are in the bathroom and there are no non-bathroom plug sockets (which is obviously key to safety but doesn't allow…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent value for money!,"Came to London for a site seeing weekend and had a lovely stay for 2 nights at the Hilton Bankside. We decided to walk every where,and  it was 20 minute walk to the London Eye and 30 minutes to the west end.   The hotel had very friendly and helpful staff that made us feel very welcome. It was very clean and had great facilities such as the restaurant and bar.  The room was nicely decorated with a king size bed which was very comfortable!   Would return to this hotel!  ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2280-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside,"I stayed at this hotel for business and it's probably the best hotel I've stayed at for some time.  The facilities are excellent and nothing is too much trouble for the superb staff team.  It's only walking distance from transport links, such as Southwark, Waterloo and Blackfriars. I stayed four nights and have already booked to stay again.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful experience!,"We were very impressed with this hotel. It is brand new, clean, spacious and beautiful. The location, near the Tate Modern and the Thames, is perfect. The swimming pool is amazing. What we were most impressed by was the excellent level of customer service. Everyone was very polite, friendly and helpful. The breakfast is incredible with nice chefs who will cook you fantastic pancakes and waffles!  In the evening, we had a drink in the bar which has such a lovely ambiance. We must give special thanks to the barman, Cipriani, who was so friendly and lovely to us. Perfect stay :)",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"An excellent choice for London, good value for money.","I am a 5 star traveler. This hotel is excellent for the following reasons:  Stuff is their best asset. Really friendly, ready to help you with anything, polite, smiling.  I was really impressed and congratulations to how they make their visitors feel.   Location is great.   I stayed on December on Christmas time and the hotel had organized a couple of things that were really good moves. A chestnuts bench outside the hotel, some choirs singing Christmas songs in the lobby and nice gift on our door with fruits and chocolates when we woke up are some of them.   Hotel is quiet.  Both rooms and public places are really really clean.   Mattresses and cushions extremely comfortable.   The Executive lounge is a nice place to relax, read your book or have a conversation. coffee, water,…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Location,the Hotel is just seconds from the RV1 bus that takes you to Tower bridge or covert gardens a few minutes walk to Bough Market and Southwark Cathedral Close to some great restaurants   Southbank is right across the road so you can walk to HMS Belfast or the London Eye if you want a good walk.,Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent,"Lovely brand new hotel, staff are excellent and everything looks great. Only gripe was that the hot water in the shower changed constantly between just a bit too hot and a little too cold. Other than that, would stay again.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2285-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,'Comfortable',"We enjoyed our stay here having a belated New Years celebration with friends.  A warm welcome from the staff made us feel at home as soon as we arrived. The rooms are larger than you would expect from the location having stayed at other hotel chains in the same area. Loved the bathroom with a large shower and nice toiletries to boot.   One downside and my wife's gripe was that there was nowhere to plug in the hairdryer near a mirror. She ended up sitting on the floor by the wardrobe to dry her hair, we passed this into the reception when we left.  Great bar area serving nice cocktails and drinks in a modern setting. We will certainly come here again.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My new favorite place in London !!!,"Our family just had 3 rooms for 3 nights at this hotel during the Christmas holiday and I could not be happier.  The fresh atmosphere, their rooms, friendly service for the price they charge is surely one of the best options in London.  I am a Hilton Gold member, stayed earlier this year at the Conrad London and everything at this hotel pleased me better (except the location).  I often travel to London and the Hilton Bankside will be certainly one of my top choices in the future.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic hotel, amazing staff, convenient location","I was very excited about our stay at Hilton Bankside, since I like the area and I knew the hotel was new. I was not disappointed! The design of the hotel really pleases my eye, and from the first moment on every member of staff we encountered was very friendly and welcoming. We felt well looked after.   I also liked the room: the bed was very comfortable and you could not hear any traffic noise from outside in the room. Result? Nights very well slept!   The pool is bigger than I have usually seen at hotels, although I was slightly disappointed with the jacuzzi, since it was in conjunction with the pool, and hence had the same cool water temperature as the pool. Didn't feel like a jacuzzi where you can relax for 10 minutes.   I find the location of the hotel very convenient - the…",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Super New Hotel,"Really enjoyed our stay here, excellent Hilton with an modern urban feel, great well stocked large bar and yummy restaurant. Nice to have a pool as well.   Just a short walk to the tube - Jubilee line and Tate",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
2293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A new year's day weekend,"Great quality public areas - bars, restaurant and lobby all have great understated character even though the place is brand new - opened less than six months ago. The staff are from very diverse backgrounds all over the world and are all friendly and knowledgeable.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2290-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,lovely weekend stay,everything was perfect and in the right place.the fact that it is a fairly new hotel makes it even made me more comfortable everything was new and pristine the surrounds and hotel decor were modern and great. Didn't try the food or breakfast cos were were out and about most days.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing stay with the best hospitality!,"A party of 6 of us stayed at the Hilton Bankside for the New Year celebrations for 2 nights.   From the time we checked in to the the time we checked out, the whole experience in every way was amazing! The ambience, the food, the staff and I could go on and on were EXCELLENT! Certainly a place we would go back to and recommend friends and family.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Definitely stay here again!!,"This Hilton has surpassed our expectations especially with the help of concierge Anastasia Engelhardt.  She's wonderful and I couldn't compliment enough about her.  She's always wiling to help, made numerous recommendations and reservations that suited to our family's needs perfectly.  Best of all, she did it with a smile and a positive attitude.  This is our second trip to London (we stayed at the Royal horse guard last time) but she tipped the scale.  The location is convenient to major tourist spot and close proximity to several convenience stores and Starbucks.  We will definitely stay at this hotel on our next visit.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great location, great rooms but perfumed air in lobby","Bankside was superbly located and the newness of the property insured the latest in room and bathroom hardware; overall very attractive.  ONLY 3 problems prevented a 5-Star rating: 1. I once stayed at the Bellagio in LV where they pump a perfume into the lobby air, however it is a natural smell not unlike fresh lilies, however @ Bankside the smell was like a cheap perfume  with a raspy musky overtone.  I am not allergic to such things however I can imagine it would be a problem for some. The smell was VERY noticeable, not subtle and overall is NOT a good idea. The smell was not refined or even close to a high-end perfume and Hilton would be well served to figure out what the Bellagio uses to create the fresh, after rainfall, ozone like, floral perfume that seems so natural. 2.…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best new year ever!!!,"We stayed at The Hilton Bankside on New Year's Eve. The hotel was clean, airy & well decorated. The reception staff were friendly, efficient & extremely polite. Our room was a king executive  suite, which was tastefully decorated, the bed was so comfy. The free bar was a lovely bonus!  The executive lounge was again tastefully decorated, the staff were topping our glasses up & making us feel very special. After the New Year's Eve fireworks we joined the partying in the  bar area. Lots of fun.  Breakfast was good quality & again we couldn't praise how excellent all the staff were. Defiantly one of the best hotels we have ever stayed at. We will defiantly be coming back soon. ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2295-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton ever,"I stay in different Hiltons every week of  every year. This was my first stay at Bankside. It's a Hilton boutique style hotel which is First Class in every respect. The staff every single one were excellent and absolute lined up as a team and brilliant brand advocates.  The cocktail bar team were the best I have experienced in London, very knowledgeable and engaging.   The wider Hilton group should visit and learn.   Overall a fantastic experience - I will be back   Well  done !!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great new Hilton,"Stayed as the location was near to a conference I was attending. The hotel had only been open for a  few weeks so everything was spanking new  - you could almost smell the paint. I had an opening offer of an exec room which was very spacious with a great walk in shower. Only fault I could find was finding a mirror near to the hair dryer. Staff are very professional but still friendly, and the buffet breakfast was very comprehensive. I'll be back!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,very comfortable and stunning but let down,"there is no doubt that the hotel is very comfortable and convenient being in a quiet side street a few minutes walk from Tate Modern, Shakespeares Globe and Blackfriars Bridge. We commented on the very friendly reception we received especially from Andrei and the breakfast is amazing, however this was all let down by one silly little avoidable incident. After a long day of trduging around in appalling weather sightseeing we returned to the hotel at 4pm wanting only to have a shower and relax before going out in the evening, but the room had not been touched since we left it at 9am. Why can't they organise for the rooms of guests who are staying more than one night to be serviced first, before the rooms allocated to those who have not yet checked in. This is where the reception…",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
2302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Lovely New Find - Hilton Bankside,"When we arrived at 15:45 I was not pleased to hear that our room was not ready as check in is at 15:00 and I already checked in for that time online as a HH member. Otherwise, all was fairly nice. One huge mistake in the otherwise thoughtful modern design of the rooms is that there are no mirrors anywhere near electrical outlets. ( If you have to ask why then this does not apply to you so no worries) I requested a desk mirror and it was delivered promptly. The rooms are clean. The breakfast buffet has quite a nice selection. The pool area could do with some ambiance but it was clean and the seating was comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful. I will say that this hotel has a few small kinks to iron out as they are meant to be a luxury hotel which is why they received 4…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"New hotel, exceptional service","I stayed in a King Deluxe room on New Year's Eve, which was spacious, clean and comfortable. The bedding was superb and it really helped me get a good night's sleep. The complimentary bar was a nice touch. There is no view from the room but I didn't expect one. In the morning, I made use of the mini gym and swimming pool, which was lovely after a night of celebrations. Afterwards, I spent the afternoon in the Lounge, which was a relaxing place to sip endless lattes and do a bit of work. The staff in the Lounge were friendly and attentive. Also, a special thank you to front desk receptionist, Kiana Cho, for welcoming me and making my stay so exceptional. Keep up the good work.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2300-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Such a shame,"We arrived on December 16th in the evening. We were checked in by a lovely gentleman who showed us up to the room and showed us pretty much every amenity in the room. Shortly after he left the room, we realised the rooms lights had been wired up wrong and you couldn't turn on the bathroom light from the appropriate switches, which was annoying.   We'd booked the hotel to go and see Star Wars: The Force Awakens at the IMAX. We were seeing the 3am showing on opening night, and had specifically booked this hotel as it was close, and within decent walking distance to the cinema. We'd actually told all the staff we had spoken to that we were seeing the film, and they seemed quite excited.  We left around 2:20am and arrived back at the hotel around 6:45am, and settled down to sleep…",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great bar, brilliant hotel","We have just had a fantastic few days staying at the Hilton Bankside, it's only been open a few months and I think is one of the best hotels I have stayed in in London. The staff are especially friendly and helpful with a special note to all the brilliant bar tenders, Ricky, Manon, Matteo and Laurentio who made my wife birthday celebration even more memorable. I highly recommend this hotel",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent!,"What a great hotel, sadly just for one night. As others have mentioned, nothing is too much trouble for anyone working there and all the staff seemed to be friendly and smiling. The gym is well equipped and breakfast has almost everything (and if they don't have it, remember nothing is too much trouble!). Lastly I would have to note that the room service we ordered was some of the nicest I've ever had, and I wouldn't normally say that unless it was exceptional! Would definitely stay again.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Dreadful experience,"We arrived and had previously asked for interconnecting rooms for us and our son I even phoned the previous day to confirm and they told us yes we had interconnecting rooms. We arrived and checked in and went up to our rooms and the were three doors apart and on the opposite side of the corridor from each other so complained at reception to some bewildered receptionist who could barely speak English . The ex lounge was a waste of time with very few stale nibbles and few drinks , we had a very average evening meal which was very over priced then went to bed in a room that looked twenty years old not months with stained carpets etc , we checked out at 6 am without breakfast and were to,d we couldn't even have a cup of tea as nothing was set up 😢 The next day we received an email…",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Service makes the hotel,"Great service throughout from check-in, breakfast and the bar. Professional, friendly and efficient. We enjoyed a great stay, beautiful large room with very comfortable bed. Nice touch from hotel with birthday cake. Location in quieter location of London but still close to Waterloo station and we walked 25 min into Covent gardens. Recommend",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2305-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best New Years Eve ever !,"Just returned from a most wonderful stay at the Hilton Bankside Hotel which was by all accounts magnificent in every way. Right from the greeting from Per on reception, the excellent Anthony later on, the Staff and overall service is excellent. The Junior Suite was spotless, and had everything one would ask for, and the executive lounge was worth every penny. The convenience of the Tate Modern and St Pauls is also noted as was the short walk to Blackfriars Bridge and the Fireworks spectacle. Well done Hilton, this particular Hotel must be the shining example in the chain. Happy New year and keep up the great work,",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nye in London,"Lovely hotel, very comfortable beds and nice a quiet. T.v in room is really good plenty of choice, massive shower head in bathroom. Getting around London was easy with taxi apps.plenty of information in the room about the hotel and facilities. Would of preferred big brand tea bags in room bit really can't complain. There's 2 local supermarkets on the same street as the hotel including a coffee shop.  ",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
2311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, excellent staff.","Stayed for 2 nights with my family in a king suite, fabulous room in a great hotel in a good location in easy walking distance to the Tate, south bank & Southwark tube station. 5 mins around the corner is also a bus stop that will take you straight into the west end in about 5 minutes. Pretty much ticks all the boxes for me, though the complimentary mini bar sealed the deal :)  The service from the staff was second to none, I've stayed in a fair few hiltons up & down the country and the staff here are amongst the best I've come across. ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect,"Greeted at door with offers to help with suitcase twice - this level of personal service is difficult to find these days.  Was able to check in early with a room upgrade and offer of full buffet breakfast as two benefits of being a Gold member.  Nice to see this level of recognition.  The guy on check in was very friendly and chatty - asking about our stay then leaving his desk to give direction to the lifts.  Room on sixth floor (614) with a partial view of St Pauls Cathedral.  Room was beautifully furnished with a free soft drinks bar which was replenished whilst out to dinner as well as a turn down service, Breakfast until 11 am was really helpful as it was a late night - again friendly service and good traditional Hilton buffet.  Check out was efficient and friendly. Highly…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Treat yourself in the heart of London,"I stayed overnight in Hilton Bankside with my partner, friends and family on the occasion of my 40th birthday party. I couldn't ask for a better treat! We had a fantastic party in one of the rooms next to the ballroom downstairs. The food and drinks were great - the steak I've been served was to die for and my drinks had a generous amount of ingredients :) Staff has been very helpful and discreet. We simply had a fabulous evening. For the night we were staying in one of the hotel suites - spacious bathroom, very comfortable bed and modern interiors. I loved it.  Should you stay in this hotel you will notice that management took a really good care of every detail and rooms are finished to a very high standard.  I also recommend having a breakfast there - you'll be spoiled for…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2310-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Bankside London trip,this is a fine hotel with a great staff. Close to several tube stops. Good taxi service. Walking distance to the Shard and the Thames. Approx 20 min walk to Covent Garden. The room we had on the 3rd floor was quiet and quite large for London. We were very happy here and would go back.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful stay in the heart of London,"This very new and modern Hilton hotel is well located in the heart of Central London; it is easily reached via either one of these Underground stops - Southwark, Waterloo and London Bridge. My sister and I stayed in a twin room, which was furnished with extremely comfortable beds, a good shower and all the necessary amenities, despite the view being that of a wall. Its surrounding area are filled with supermarkets, bars, cafes, restaurants and shops. Highly recommended and it is definitely ones of best hotels in the Hilton chain I've stayed in.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing hotel,Stayed in this hotel with my fiancé as an engagement treat on Tuesday 29th December and it was brilliant. Brand new and well designed with outstanding service! Room was great and very comfortable with great shower and plenty of complimentary treats. Would 100% recommend and we will be back.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,3.5 rating,"The Hilton London Bankside was pretty good. the room was spacious and the bed was super comfortable, but no real place to unpack and our room faced a brick wall on the 7th floor. Breakfast was delicious and worth the extra money since it wasn't included. A close walk to the tube, the Tate modern and other attractions. I would stay here again next time I'm in London. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great cossy atmosphere,"In London, nearby the centre. Lovely and friendly staff. Clean rooms with all the comfort you need including airco and refridgerator. Nice swimmingpool and last but not least: great breakfast. I hope I'll get  back some day...",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2315-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Bartenders in London,"Most of the staff in the Hotel are nice, but some of them at reception were not kind enough for the quality a Hilton Hotel is known. What I liked most was the bartenders from the bar (Ricky and Matteo). Really nice, funny and very professionals.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Perfect Birthday Stay,"My partner and I arrived at London Hilton Bankside on Sunday 27th December 2015 for my birthday. As soon as we pulled up to the hotel we were instantly impressed. The outside of the hotel is beautiful. The concierge met us and took our cases from us straight away.   We then went into the reception area, what can I say.....the Christmas decorations were great and the atmosphere of the place was fantastic. The decor was beautiful, clean and modern, with a touch of luxury. What more could we want! We went up to our room and it was stunning; the nicest bed and shower I have ever seen in a hotel.   In the evening a birthday cheesecake was delivered to our door, which was so nice, and a 'turn-down' service is give. Our bed sheets were rearranged, as well as slippers put on the floor…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great birthday weekend!!,"It was my girlfriends birthday over the period of our stay and instantly when mentioning we were upgraded free of charge to a deluxe room with free drinks and refreshments. Most of the local area was closed as it was after the Christmas period but we enjoyed what we paid for by relaxing in the hotel and mostly ordered takeaways, enjoyed drinks at the bar and swam in the pool. Very refreshing and the staff were lovely, every member of staff signed a birthday card and a manager personally came to our room and gave it to us with a birthday cake. I have stayed with the Hilton hotels a lot with business and this was the first time as a paying customer and again they went over and above to deliver excellent service. I will always stay with the Hilton when available wherever I go as I…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, great location","Stayed with sisters for a celebration weekend in December. Reservation staff were very helpful and ensured we had an inter-connecting room and also added access to Executive Lounge as a treat.  Rooms very comfortable and very clean. Beds very comfy. My room was missing a hairdryer so ask at reception  Wifi access was good.  All staff were really helpful and friendly. Kept an eye on you without being obtrusive.  Hotel bar was very cosy and had amazing gin selection.  Location great - just behind Tate Modern. Easy walk to Borough Market, Globe, Southwark, Southbank.  Would have given 5 stars but there are some little teething troubles. We never got a teaspoon with our hot drinks in bar or restaurant. I paid for my rooms upfront and got an inexperienced staff member so some…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Family Christmas break,The hotel is really lovely and the effort made with the festive decorations is superb. All the staff were helpful the rooms were great and the breakfast is the best displayed we have ever encountered in a Hilton. The exec lounge is a good size with lovely decor the food on offer was very minimal but that's the only negative!,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2320-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Staff great, veggie foot awful","Nice, modern, friendly - the staff especially. The food however is terrible, roast potatoes that are raw inside and the less said about the vegetarian option then better - in the day time pop around the corner to Frank's for a jacket and cheese.  The service is fantastic, but really let down by terrible kitchen - it can only improve.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Avoid Hilton Bankside, the Premier Inn or Mecure Hotel are a couple of steps away - Stay there instead","Treated like a common criminal at check in by the Guest Relations Manager and check in staff.  Hilton Bankside could not find my reservation, despite me making one through Hotelopia and therefore, the Guest Relations Manger wanted to charge me for a room again which was £180, despite the fact I had already having paid for a room.  Since logging a complaint with Hilton Bankside the Room Director at Bankside has emailed me with this excuse ""Yours is a very rare incident as Hotelopia sent your booking to an incorrect email address therefore we were unable to trace your reservation"".   At check in I provided proof of the Hotelopia charge to my bank card and Hotelopia reservation (but no reservation number) but this was not good enough for the Guest Relations Manger, who said ""this…",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
2326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Christmas break,Great location to reach the South Bank and access to London by tube. Great rooms spacious with all you need. Be careful as the bar prices are shown in pence and at a glance you can mistake pricing easily. Almost bought a £55 G&T but thankfully the barman questioned my choice. Quiet location with lots of places for breakfast nearby. Don't be swayed by the hefty price for breakfast at the hotel.   ,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent luxury hotel,"The hotel staff was very eager to help. The room had a boring view of a brick wall, but was very nice inside. The pool facility was a very nice way to start the morning, before the fantastic hotel brunch. Both the gin-bar and grill restaurant were very nice.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Truly exceptional!,"I visited the hotel last night with group of friends. We started from drinks in The Destillery bar, which has got extraordinary collection of gins. Riccardo the Head Bartender created truly amazing cocktails for us. He explained in detail the origin of the ingredients and the inspiration behind the cocktails. I must say the cocktails were one the best I've ever had. Afterwards we moved to the restaurant where we had 3 course dinner. Marius who looked after us provided us with exeptional service. Beautifully executed food was exquisite and sublime prepared to perfection from starter to dessert. What makes this impressive hotel stands out from the crowd apart of course from well designed, pleasing interiors is the staff who is discreet, profesional, consize and makes you feel very…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2325-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hooray for Hilton,"Exceptionally good hotel close to Borough Market and Thames South bank. All the usual bits you would expect from Hilton including fabulous beds, black out curtains, fluffy robes and fantastic bathroom. Brilliant staff, great bar. Good price includes pool and gym too which we didn't use.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Genuinely THE best city hotel I've stayed in so far,"As a Gold Honors member, we tend to stay at a Hilton when we travel, so we figured we would crash here for the night as we were having dinner and drinks at the nearby Oxo Tower with close friends for a Christmas gathering  The check in was easy and smooth and the guest relations manager quite simply made us feel so welcome it automatically relaxed us after a long working day  The room itself was extremely spacious (which surprised me for a city hotel) and the decor was modern but relaxed The bathroom mirror is so awesome, I want one!!  Breakfast was another surprise The staff in this hotel are clearly well trained as they make a big effort to ensure you are OK From the welcome at the entrance to the restaurant to the waiting staff and the chefs - extremely impressed   Food…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great spot for a weekend break,"Travelled here for only a day & night recently and it was perfect and exactly what we wanted! If you fly to Gatwick, you can get the train direct to a nearby stop and the hotel is a 2 minute walk away.  After that when you get in the place is very clean, very neat and looks really nice. The staff were very friendly and the rooms were fantastic! Really open spaced and tidy. Not a fantastic view but still... The location was great you can walk out the door and you are pretty much on the Thames and can stroll up and down it and try to various restaurants, coffee shops and even the Tate Modern. It is a great spot and really accessible for a weekend break.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton I have been in in over 5 years!,"Dear Hilton, if you read these reviews I recommend you send all your staff and managers in London to this Hilton to see how a hotel should be run!  Absolutely perfect experience from the minute I walked in the front door to the minute I left, the staff are excellent, the standard and quality of the rooms, corridors, lifts and restaurants are first class. The beds are awesome and so comfy   I cannot fault anything about this hotel and it has restored my faith in Hilton as so many of their hotels are looking really tired",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great new hotel between Southwark and Borough,"Excellent hotel with the best staff and service I have received in London for years. Bar is lively and the restaurant looks good, however I haven't tried it yet. Good position within walking distance (10 mins) of Borough Market and Southwark tube.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2330-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent new Hilton,I stayed in the Hilton Bankside for one night last week. I had one of the King rooms with access to the executive lounge. Very central convenient location for access to the City and there are local Tesco / Sainsburys stores within two minutes of the hotel if required.  Complimentary soft drink/snacks the in mini bar. Had room service and the burger was very good.  Two minor gripes were that the view from the room was limited and the telephone did not work.       ,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Dinner Date,"Once we had found somewhere to park we finally reached the hotel which was very nice indeed. We went straight to the restaurant  (as only dinned here), and was seated at our table. We ordered from the set menu and was given a glass of bubbly each. As with most set menus there was not a great choice but what we did have was fantastic. Crab & Salmon croquet and the Potato truffle to start , followed buy the Sea Bass & Duck. To finish we had Cheesecake & chocolate slice with popcorn.Simply delicious.  Atmosphere, ambience and the service was all very good. We shall defiantly being going back and defiantly recommend eating or perhaps staying here too.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Nothing special,"Bankside's marketing team have done a brilliant job of marketing this new hotel as something special. I believed the hype. Until I got there.  Went to one of four unmarked desks and was sent away as it was the Concierge desk. Joined a queue to check in; check in was unremarkable. The room had a brilliant view of a brick wall. Nothing more, just a brick wall. Mentioned on check-out and tweeted the hotel - no response. This hotel charges a premium - in my view it's not work it.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
2337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hilton ,"One of the best 5 star business hotels I've stayed in. Friendly staff, very friendly reception team, excellent food, brand new facilities, clean rooms, great location. I recommend the hotel to any business or leisure traveler and definitely will go there again.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Well located and comfortable hotel,"I stayed here mid week on a business trip and was pleasantly surprised as this was not a standard Hilton. It reminded me a bit of the Hilton Vienna Plaza (previously reviewed), small, friendly clean lines with well thought out room design and spacious bathroom. Staff were accessible and friendly. In the room all the space is used- just on the left of the entry there is a wall panel which discreetly opens to reveal the iron, board and safe.  Bed comfort was good curtains were thick and kept out any light from the street. The area is really convenient for the Globe, Tate, Shard and St Pauls.  My only complaint was the breakfast where there was a standard buffet rate for a continental (18UKP) but really nothing on the a la carte menu for those who just wanted cereal and toast. The…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2335-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great addition to Hilton's London portfolio,"Quietly situated in the now thriving and eclectic Southbank, 3 minutes walk from the Tate modern, this new Hilton is a very good hotel.  The industrial nature of the area has been maintained in the hotel design, which adds to it's charm.  The rooms are extremely comfortable and unusually decorated using natural wood etc. lack of plugs close to mirrors (or vice versa) is a bad design flaw though as is the lack of USB ports in rooms (strange for a new hotel).  The executive lounge is large and comfortable.  The breakfast restaurant is large and spacious and the food selection although typically Hilton seemed greater and better presented than usual  The Bar is well lit and provides a great place to relax though drinks aren't cheap.  The gym facilities and pool add to the attraction…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Absolutely amazing stay, thanks for looking after us!","Stayed here for 2 nights with my mum over the weekend. The hotel was fantastic, really lovely room especially the bathroom with huge walk in shower. The toiletries they have there are also really nice. Used the gym both mornings and all the facilities were top notch! Also had a swim in the pool/jacuzzi and was really relaxing! Nice big fluffy towels, bottles of water, fruit, magazines - perfect! Breakfast was to die for, best I have ever had in any hotel. The selection was incredible and everything was amazing quality. We also used the bar there which had a great atmosphere and would definitely go back here for a drink as I live in London.  The one thing though that made our stay so brilliant was the staff. Everyone was so friendly and helpful and nothing was too much trouble.…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic stay in London!,"New hotel in a great location (very close to Tube stop or even a short walk to the  Millennium Bridge).  I absolutely loved the decor and design of the rooms, very modern and ultra-cool but also comfortable and practical.  The staff is probably one of the friendliest I've ever had the pleasure of dealing with in all of my travels.  They go out of their way to make sure your stay is enjoyable.  Well, thanks everyone.  It absolutely was!",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A very cosy and comfy option ,"I stayed here for the first time this week for three nights and would happily have not come home.   The hotel feels exceptionally homely and I echo all the other adulations in the other reviews about the fantastic breakfast, the friendly omelette chef and for that matter all the staff at the hotel particularly Rachel at reception and the Italian cocktail barman!   Rooms were pretty comfy. I had a view of a brick wall but it was one of the nicer brick walls I've look out at in London hotel rooms! Bathrooms were great l. Loved the stone floor in the shower area. Interesting there doesn't appear to be any baths in the bedrooms...fine by me but might be a dealbreaker to others   We are in the restaurant one night and the wagu burger was great.   The location isn't as handy to tube…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great contemporary hotel ,Stayed here for 1 night and really impressed with the hotel and the staff . They moved and arranged a room for us for an early check in as we needed to get ready for a wedding and this was very much appreciated . The hotel is very modern and luxurious with very comfortable beds . We had a great stay and room service and breakfast in the morning was great . We will be staying here again for sure in the future . ,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2340-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,55 Days Young,"I stayed here yesterday on a business trip to London.  I've often stayed at the Premier Inn over the road but this hotel is a much classier operation altogether. It has been open for precisely 55 days (as one of the staff proudly told me) so it's all bright eyed and bushy tailed.  There's plenty of staff and all of them seem very excited to work here and are trying super hard to impress (which they did). The public areas are all large and well thought out, modern and reassuringly comfortable - somehow pulling off being cozy on a big scale. My room had a huge comfy bed, a chaise, large desk area, great bathroom and a mini bar with complimentary treats. The breakfast restaurant was enormous and the choice impressive - I'd be interested to see how the chef coped with the bespoke…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not as we expected.,"Stayed for 3 nights, really not impressed rooms are ok but only had english teabags the first day, never restocked although milk and sugar was had dinner first night in the restaurant, the fumes and smoke from the kitchen area were terrible, really ruined the experience as it was an important meeting with family. Next morning fire alarm went off and we were evacuated for a few minutes, strange that it didnt happen the night before when it was obvious Really disapointing  breakfast, ordered eggs benedict, was really cold scrambled eggs had a terrible texture like minced and grainy, bacon was also cold and hard overall not a great experience for the price",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
2346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,I would use this hotel again and again and again,"very comfortable reception staff extremely welcoming reception was beautifully decorated as it is December room upgraded at no cost clean and new looking hotel very central hotel - 10 - 15 minute walk to the shard, London Bridge breakfast - wide array of choices",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stunning brand new hotel!,"What a surprise for a Hilton brand - this amazing new hotel is absolutely lovely. Brand spanking new, shining in every way, with a delightful staff of really happy, friendly and efficient hospitality professionals. Comfy room, super bed, gorgeous surroundings and a fabulous bar and restaurant with a great breakfast spread. Well worth a visit, and close to Southwalk tube station.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great,Just returned from a two night stay that we booked via lastminute.com and we absolutely loved it. The only issue with booking with lastminute.com is that you are only offered a room with twin beds and it is £45 extra to upgrade to a king-size bed. The location was for us was ideal as we walk everywhere it was a good base and there are some really nice bars and restaurants close by. Check in was quick and easy we declined the breakfast which was an extra £25 per person per day which seems silly when there is a café next door. The room was a fantastic size as was the bathroom and it really did feel like luxury! We would definitely stay here again especially if we got the same deal on last minute as it was a bargain!,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2345-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent new Hilton,"Really enjoyed this Hilton property. Easy tube access via Southwark stop about 3-5 minutes away. One can walk too across a number of close bridges. Nice easy walk to Burroughs Market. The staff is excellent from front desk check-in, lobby help to the wonderful hard-working executive lounge staff (ohh..maybe more variety of eggs for breakfast in lounge). And praise to housekeeping. We stayed in nice Junior suite that was very spacious. One niggle in that room was the extra toilet room which was very tight with regard to toilet and not well placed. Also, need a towel for the sink in that room. Overall, an excellent property with very comfortable rooms and highly recommend.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top class hotel.,"Stayed here with my daughter for two nights this weekend. What a fantastic place! From the moment we arrived we were made to feel special and were really well looked after by all the staff. The concierge Neil gave us a great local recommendation for lunch which we wouldn't have found on our own.  We loved the décor and the bar was a great place for a drink with friends in the evening. We also had a relaxing swim in the pool. The breakfast in the restaurant was amazing, with something to suit every possible taste. It is also ideally situated for a visit to Tate Modern, the Southbank Centre and the fantastic sights of the Southbank.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One of my best Hilton experiences - wonderful staff,"Stayed for weekend . A beautifully apponted hotel with extremely friendly and professional staff. From moment of arrival its was a joy. I am a HH Diamond member and was treated very well at check in with recognition upgrade ( I think ) and advice on dining option - in particular the amazing 50% off food at their OxBo restaurant. The room was very nicely appointed , a little bit dark however. Bathrooom was excellent - great spacious shower. The food at OxBo was amazing - great selection , very generous portions and very very tasty - the sdtaff were extremely attentitive and paerticularly helpful . I cannot fault this new Hilton - and wish them every success - I am staying again next weekend :) ! Lucky me .",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,One Night,Excellent quality of service and accommodation if a little off the beaten track. The bed was uncommonly comfortable. The staff could not have been more helpful and attentive. It was a shame that I was only there for one night.,Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,First class !,"My husband and I came down to London this weekend for a ceremony that we were attending . We had booked in to the London Hilton Bankside, we knew nothing about this hotel except that the location was perfect for our needs. From the moment that we arrived we were treated like royalty. The doorman opened the door for us , our bags were taken by a very polite attendant, our checkin at reception was very warm and welcoming. We were shown to our room where the attendant explained the workings of the electrics etc ,  We had a beautifully decorated room and we were very surprised to find the fridge was stocked with various items for us to use at no charge !  I had booked a hair appointment locally and the desk staff drew where I needed to be on a map for me. We came downstairs ready to…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2350-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fun to be in at brand new hotel,"This property really felt more like a boutique property than a traditional Hilton.  It is designed in a ""V"" shape which means that my room in the inside of the V was so totally quiet.  It was wonderful.  Rooms were very comfortable and it had a cool, modern bathroom.  My only complaint was that the bathroom must have been designed by a man in that there was no perch for your legs to shave in the shower.  Staff was terrific.  Wifi flawless.  It was a great location with several nice pubs, markets nearby.  Easy walk to the tube.  Very safe feel to the area.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Treated like VIP's by EVERYONE!,"My partner and I are well travelled, both home and abroad as we spend every penny we earn on it. We have also worked for many years as Mystery Shoppers so have a natural talent for noticing service levels. This hotel is right at the top, amongst the best of them. As a hotel, the interior and facilities are pretty plush (for those people who regularly stay at Hilton hotels, it seemed to be quite a step up from the usual style).  Choice and quality at breakfast could not be bettered by any other hotel we have stayed in. But what really makes the difference (which is true for any area of the service industry) is the staff. We could not walk past any member of staff, from the housekeepers to the doormen to the waiters to reception staff or any body else without them interacting with…",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wonderful luxurious beautiful place!,"This is an absolutely fantastic hotel! Just about as good as it gets in London. Newly opened, we got a great opening offer including breakfast and a welcome drink. All staff were very helpful, the room was suberb, the bathroom luxurious, the bed big and comfy and the decor very tasteful. A great spot in London too with so much going on. We had a wonderful break - thank you Hilton!",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good service from the staff,"Hotel generally was ok, the thing that impresed me most was staff service from the door man to the funny lady that was preparing pancakes for breakfast. I was feeling good and pampered during all my staying there. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,5 Stat Hotel,"Hotel located middle of Central London, walking distance from tube station.   One of the best hotel I stayed in. very clean and modern, friendly staff and helpful. The quality of breakfast with excellent.  At a price of £250 per night, I expect this quality and service.",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2355-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brilliant,"You always expect functional quality at a Hilton Hotel. But this brand new build (3 months open they said) is a beauty.   Lovely reception, bar and restaurant and the rooms (at least ours 244) was fantastic.   If I had to complain then I'd ask for a mirror in the suite area for my wife to do make up and hair. But that is the only issue I could offer.   Well played Hilton. Refurbish the others to this standard please. ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
2360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"One of the best hotels I've stayed in, especially in London. Service was awesome.","Checked in by Ashley. Very nice and helpful chap! In fact just about all staff were individually very polite, considerate and helpful.   Room was large and clean, view less desirable but it's London, and perfectly quiet. I slept very well in a big comfy bed.  Bar and staff were great. Breakfast was fantastic and again the Hilton team were attentive and helpful all round.  Thoroughly recommended.",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
2361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great hotel near city of London,"Spent a fantastic 3 nights here which we enjoyed thoroughly - extremely comfortable rooms and beds, outstanding breakfast, classy bar and nice pool and gym.  Staff helpful and keen to please - what more could you ask for? Oh and they have decent wifi free : )",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great hotel, service and location!","Nice clean and comfortable large room with great service and friendly staff. Excellent location with nice cafès, bars and shops just paces away, and the station connecting you to anywhere in London just 3 mins away.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Luxury design hotel,Stayed in an executive twin room with access to the lounge. The room was big and beds very comfortable. The breakfast buffe had many choices and the hot food was freshly prepared by the chef. Staff was very friendly and welcoming. My only negative comment is that hilton hotels don't award and recognize their loyal customers. I am a gold member and never get an upgrade. I will definately come back though as this is my new favourite London hotel.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2360-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A really wonderful hotel in Watreloo area,"The hotel service was excellent and you felt immediately taken care of and welcome. They helped me with my luggaged up to the room. And the room was really nice and modern, clean and quite large. Felt luxurious. The breakfast was absolutely wonderful! Can really recommend this!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,very nice hotel,Brand new hotel with plenty of amenities. Room kind of small and window facing another building's wall. Besides that excellent for price paid through British Airways as a package.  Location not the best in London but 3 blocks away from underground.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic hotel,This is a fantastic new Hilton in a great location. The service is right up there with the likes of Ritz Carlton. Best of any Hilton I have stayed in. Rooms are done in a minimalist style with a great walk in raindrop shower. The executive lounge on the ground floor is particularly good with a great selection of food and drink and again magic service. Well done Hilton. Your best hotel in London. ,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great service in the bar !,"I went to the bar last saturday, for the first time. It's a very nice place ! As I was on my own I sat at the bar, and a bartender welcome me and gave me the drink list.  After few minutes, a young lady bartender came to take my order, she was very friendly.  I didn't know what to take so she asked me about my taste and finally she offered me to make a cocktail creation, based on gin, not too sweet and very refreshing.  The cocktail was great, exactly what I expected, Manon, the bartender, was very friendly and professional, she told me about her life.  I had a second cocktail and it was as good as the first one !  Great experience, amazing cocktail, friendly bartender, I will come back for sure !!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great location,"I visited with my sister for a weekend of London fun. The hotel staff are happy, friendly and appear genuine (not staged). We had some delicious cocktails in the bar, which had a relaxed buzzy atmosphere. The hotel is impeccably clean. The pool was very relaxing but slightly on the chilly side. There is a jet pool next to the swimming pool but the seats are a little high so not very comfortable. It's a shame there isn't a steam room as that would top it off! The pool staff were very friendly. The complimentary coffee in the room was instant and not particularly nice. I would have hoped for filter coffee cups. We were disturbed at 8am by housekeeping. Luckily we were awake, this seemed a little early for an occupied room. The lady was very apologetic and we probably should have…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2365-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,First stay,"The Hilton Bankside is a nice hotel situated next to Tate Modern with good transportation options. What makes this hotel really special is the staff. I had to arrange a business dinner for my clients, I asked the help of the concierge Karolis Aleksandravicius for a excellent restaurant. Needles to stay it was a great success. Definitely coming back to stay in the near future.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overnight stay,"We needed a hotel near the Shard and this was about 15 minutes away by walking. This is a new hotel in the Hilton range. I have used the Hiktons in the past and not always found them to be as good as the original brand name. This hotel returns to the original. It is new, the bedroom was a standar room, with king sized bed, and a room bigg enough to move without tripping over. The air con worked, the tv worked, and the shower in the bathroom I wanted to bring home. The room came with standard twoesl etc, including large dressing gowns and 'slippers'. There was no external noise to disturb your sleep, and the only small thing was our room was an inside room overlooking the courtyard facing the other wing, so no view of London. But apart from that, and really on an overnight stay…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Bankside sets the Standard for Hilton,"The brand new Hilton Bankside (just over a month old) is located 5 minutes walk away from Southwark Underground Station on the Jubilee Line.    Having read rave reviews on Tripadvisor prior to my visit, Bankside had a lot to live up to; it did not disappoint!  Check-in:  I checked-in early and my room was not yet ready.  However, the very pleasant receptionist completed the formalities and advised that she would telephone me as soon as the room was ready, and arranged for my left luggage to be sent up to the room when ready.  As promised, she telephoned later in the afternoon.  Room: Good size for London and very comfortable, quite, cosy and nicely furnished with a small chez-long.   Rather than having a main ceiling light, light is provided from a number of lamps around the…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent new hotel,I stayed the week it opened and found it to be an excellent new hotel. Check-in and check-out were problem free. The staff were all very friendly and couldn't do enough to help. A king room is an excellent size and beautifully finished. The bathroom is very well appointed too. I didn't eat dinner at the hotel so cannot comment but I did have a drink in the bar - a vast array of gin to choose from and very knowledgable bar staff to provide advice or make small talk with. Breakfast was very good - a huge choice of hot and cold foods to suit all requirements.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stunning!,"Myself and my boyfriend have just returned from a fabulous night at this sparkling brand new hotel in London and to say we were impressed would be a massive understatement! When we checked in we were greeted by Ashley (think his last name was Legg) and he was so charming, we have not stayed in a Hilton for a while and our hhonors membership wasn't found on the system so Ashley sighed us back up and also upgraded our room which was very nice of him.  He then took us to the restaurant to introduce us to the reception to book our table for that evening. We then went into the executive lounge for some drinks and canapés to relax before dinner. We have been to a great deal of exec lounges and this has the edge over all the others, the room was very large and homely and beautifully…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2370-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Beware room description!,We stayed for a birthday celebration. We had paid extra for a deluxe room with city view so we were disappointed and surprised to be given a room on 3rd floor looking into an office block opposite. not a city view by any stretch of the imagination! We spoke to reception and were told that in this area we could only expect courtyard views. So why advertise such rooms? It's a gross misrepresentation. We were moved to a 4th floor room which also looked into offices. This was a great shame as the experience blighted what was in other respects a very enjoyable stay.  Room was very quiet. The pool was lovely - though needs a spin dryer and plastic bags in changing rooms - we had to carry dripping costumes back to the room. Staff were polite and friendly. Breakfast superb. Had dinner…,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Thanksgiving in London,Exceptional new property with staff exceeding all standards for warmth and welcome. Also a very central location for London. The Southwark station is a short walk and easy to connect to any transit line you need to travel around the city. Breakfast was wonderful.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Birthday weekend ,"Stayed here for two nights to celebrate a birthday and they did a great job, rang up before hand to tell them it's a birthday and they made it so welcome and nice with the birthday cake and roses on the bed. Fantastic hotel, new build, the interior design is different but clean sharp and modern, which works really well! Loved the hotel, the staff we amazing, everything was spot on and I'll be back to stay here again. Lovely Location as London eye is only 10minute walk from the hotel. Thank you for the stay. ",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous,"Our stay was a birthday gift from our daughter.  The hotel is well situated and all the staff were friendly, helpful and chatty :)  Our room was spacious, spotless and quiet. a complimenatry bottle of champagne (for my birthday) with a handwritten card showed the care the staff gave.  We could not fault our stay....will definitely return!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Best manager of reception.., ever!","Family visit in London this past week. Per Granstrom, the manager of reception couldn't have been nicer!! From the moment we arrived, he anticipated our needs and was thorough in his execution. For example, I mentioned that we were planning to take a weekend trip to Cambridge, and when we returned to the hotel later that day, he had an itinerary waiting for us! Per has a true "" can do"" attitude and made us feel welcome and consistently went above and beyond...showing us that he was eager for us to have a wonderful time. He was sociable and such a sweet person.. Attending to every detail to try yi make out trip great.   This brand new hotel has large rooms, a GREAT breakfast with delicious options, a very nice concierge lounge, gym, comfy bar, and plenty of restaurants with in…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2375-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overall very good,"Nice new hotel, good staff overall very pleasant. Bar closes very early which is a new one for me in a hotel but would definitely recommend this place. Rooms spacious, comfy beds, good TVs all what you'd expect from a brand new place, it still smells new!",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Hotel,"beautiful new Hotel with a great Bar, Restaurant and Staff. Only thing to mentioned, Reception Staff needs to provide more information on check-in if you have booked a package and on check out to make sure everything has been charged correctly. Minor issues which can be resolved easily and we will definitely stay at your place again.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding new Hilton hotel in London !,You will not be disappointed staying in this great new Hilton hotel. All staff starting with the doorman up to the General Manager are amazingly friendly and attentive. The hotel rooms are very modern and spotless cleaned by housekeeping. Breakfast offers everything you wish for and the service is just amazing. The Executive lounge and Distillery bar are very cozy and great to have a drink with friends. All in all we had an amazing long weekend in this hotel and will definitely come back. Thanks to the Front of House manager Cem for sorting out such a nice room for this special occasion.,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,What a gem!,"Took advantage of one of the opening offers for a 1-night stay. Damn was I glad I did!  What a breath of fresh air to the Hilton portfolio in London. Not only is the hotel very modern, well laid-out, comfortable and stylish furnishings, divine bed etc. ... 100% of the staff is friendly, helpful, proactive, courteous. (Should I go on? - you probably get what I mean by now).  As HHonors Diamond member received access to Exec Lounge AND a voucher for drink at the bar. Breakfast in the lounge was very nice and again personnel more helpful than I ever encountered in any other London hotel. Where did you find those people?  Stayed in a deluxe room that still smelled very new. Was probably just released to the inventory as I learnt the are still adding rooms on a weekly basis.  And…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Wo9nderful hotel let down by Reception policy,"We had a one night stay as we both had different events in London last weekend so fancied having a crash pad close by. Our stay nearly didn't happen however! the room was booked in my partner's name, but he was stuck in a client meeting at work so I checked in alone with a friend to get ready for our awards ceremony night out. We got utterly grilled by the receptionist as my partner wasn't present, which I've never experienced before. Despite me confirming his name, address, email address and phone number, the receptionist still kept me waiting and made a phone call - to him in his meeting! was he happy to let me check in?! (of course he was!) she didn't ask my consent nor allow me to warn him by text, it was extremely embarrassing for me, and irritating for him to be…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2380-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel with attentive Staff,"Stayed here for 1 night recently with Son & His Partner. Excellent service throughout from check in to Executive lounge to Bar to Breakfast. Room was very comfortable with plenty of bathroom amenities & water & soft drinks/nuts in fridge. Only downside was an otherwise enjoyable meal (with excellent food) was spoilt by some obviously drunken ""Oiks"" who arrived on the next table & who insisted on shouting & swearing amongst themselves for the duration of our meal, without any intervention from the hotel Staff. Breakfast the following morning was supererb. Wifi in room very slow. No mobile signal in room.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,New spot in London,"London has its new spot. Fabulous new hotel, latest generation from Hilton. Expect nothing but convenient, trendy and modern, well thought product.  Add on that a lovely well trained team who is eager to make you feel under good hands. They are warm and know what you need a step ahead, without ""over"" doing it. The location has changed so much and is worth coming along. Will definitely come back....",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Sunday Lunch, wonderful atmosphere, excellent food and superb value for money, who could ask for more?","Following a recomendation from a friend I took my parents for Sunday lunch at the Bankside Hilton Hotel near Blackfriars Bridge. Stepping into the hotel, the staff were welcoming and genuine. The restaurant itself had a warm, lively atmosphere with live music which added to the vibe without being too intrusive. The sunday lunch was a traditional 3 course roast dinner buffet style, but this wasn t your usual buffet, the food was fantastic, starters included tuna and salmon cerviche which was delicious. The roast beef was to die for, my mother said it was the best roast beef she d tasted (and trust me she's not easily pleased!), There was a wide selection of puddings, from fruit to cheese's to indulgent offerings such as vanilla bean cheesecake and creme brulee, all of which were…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent quiet base,"faultless stay frim start to finish.  my sis and I wanted somewhere to chill and catch up so booked a twin room. room is large with big beds, v cool facilities like thick floor length dressing gowns, fluffy slippers and top notch toiletries.  has a v comfortable night. tv is fab, decor is minimalist but not like a stale business hotel.  fav was bathroom with slate floor in shower,  2 shower heads and v easy access in and out of shower. we had a very quiet room 104. we ate rather a lot and drank quite a few cocktails in the swanky distillery bar.  There is an on site restaurant but we preferred the extensive range of tapaa snacks in bar. buttermilk chicken still making my mouth water. crab also v good.  only small feedback is that a mirror wld have been handy in the room. There…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Attended an event nearby, a very enjoyable stay","The hotel was located 10 minutes away from the underground station and I can go to bond street via jubilee line which is quite convenient.  Pool is not opened yet. Gym was okay. Wifi was a bit slow.  I arrived the hotel at 10 pm at night so the doorman was not present when i arrive. I have to take all my luggages to my room myself. Otherwise the other staff are very friendly always a smile on their face, and they are very efficient too.",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2385-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,A very enjoyable stay,"Got an advance booking deal and were the first to stay in the room.  Good location.  Friendly, helpful staff.  Quiet room, corporate decor.  The complimentary birthday dessert in our room was a lovely personal touch.  A very enjoyable stay.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Fantastic Hotel, Even Better Staff!","I stayed in this new hotel for a business trip 12-14 November and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. As a new hotel you expect the rooms, facilities and general decor to be first rate and it certainly doesn't disappoint. What really stands out is the performance of the staff. Without exception, everyone I came into contact with was friendly, helpful, professional and keen to go the extra yard to make my stay more pleasant. It seems unfair to single out individuals but I have to reserve special praise for Antony at Reception, Ramatin in the restaurant, head bartender Riccardo and especially the chef at breakfast when I stayed - Rachel, a teddy bear of an Irishwoman from County Clare. Top marks to the HR and training manager at this Hilton hotel - whatever criteria you use to hire…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great property, Fantastic staff, Good location","The hotel is immaculate - as expecte from a brand new property  Room upgrade, as HHonors diamond, to a deluxe room and had free water/soft drinks and peanuts/gummi-bears in mini-bar - not sure if this related to the room category or was a diamond amenity. Very nice gesture!  Exec Lounge is very nice - and also quiet, perhaps as hotel not yet fully operational. Staff very attentive and keen on serving drinks for you...though I prefer to serve myself. Evening snacks in the lounge were limited compared to other hiltons, but all nicely put together. Breakfast in the lounge was, by comparison, quite comprehensive. Have some of the house-roasted granola!  This hotel is well worth a visit if the location suits. I will certainly return.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great Service,"This hotel is fairly new, good décor and wonderful staff. The ambience was relaxing and the bar staff were extremely attentive. Service with a smile and welcoming which you don't often see in London hotels. The bar man who served us ""Ciprian"" really knew his cocktails well. The manager came over and spent some time talking to us which made us feel even more welcomed. Definitely worth a visit, I would like to stay here the next time. ",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fantastic weekend experience - will definitely stay again!,"Myself and my 8 year old son stayed at the Hilton Bankside on Sat 14th November to Sun 15th November. On arrival we were greeted by Anthony on Reception who was extremely friendly and professional. He checked us in and was very helpful in giving us directions to where we wanted to go providing me with a map.   The room we stayed in (twin) was spacious, very clean (hotel is brand new!) and modern. Our beds were very comfortable and the room perfect for us. When we arrived back to our room in the evening, there was a cake waiting for my son saying 'Happy birthday' which my husband had arranged with the hotel. It was a lovely touch.   The following morning I enquired about breakfast being free for children as that was what I'd read in the guest room information. The lady I spoke to…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2390-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous Friday Night Stay,"This is a gorgeous hotel, it's really on trend and is furnished in a very contemporary way. We had dinner in the hotels restaurant, which was a real treat for my partners Birthday. The restaurant setting with open kitchen was lovely and the food was top notch! We walked off our fullness with a late night stroll along the Thames. The rooms were comfortable and offered everything you'd need. We also had a Hilton breakfast in the morning, which offered us endless choice and this set us up for our day of London shopping! The staff couldn't do enough for us, so thank you to everyone at the Hilton London Bankside for making my partners Birthday so special. ",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous hotel,"I stayed 2 nights with a friend and had a fantastic time.  ALL the staff couldn't have been nicer.  They were extremely helpful, well mannered, well presented,  courteous and pleasant.  The room accommodation was excellent- clean, fresh, excellent beds along with quality bedding and towels and we had a lovely meal in the restaurant on one of the evenings.  Breakfast was also great with lots of variety.  I could not recommend this hotel higher.  Well done to all concerned and thank you for a great stay.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,First class service and comfortable.,"From the moment we arrived to the moment we left, we experienced first class service from ALL of the staff and were made to feel very welcome-nothing appeared to be too much trouble. The hotel is extremely well and comfortably appointed with tasteful decor and furnishings and very comfortable beds. Overall, I could not fault it and would very happily stay again.  I",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brand New!,"I stayed here for 1 night and walked into the inauguration party in full swing - what a welcome!! The hotel had only been open for 1 month and you could feel the quality in all the fixture and fittings.  The staff were very attentive and I was pleased with the (for me, unxpected!) touches... Whilst out for dinner (in the delicious OXBO Hotel Restaurant) someone came in prepared my room for sleeping and turned down the bed!  The next day we used the conference center for the day and everything went smoothly.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Overall good - but  a couple of niggles,"On the positive side the place is immaculately clean and well appointed. The staff encounted were very helpful and seemed genuinely interested in their guests comfort.  I was surprised that a 5* hotel did not have a hair-dryer in the rooms?  It’s clear the hotel is still suffering a few teething problems, for example, the fire alarms had been triggered due to smoke from the kitchen which meant that the lifts were out of action on our arrival.  However we were offered a drink in the bar if we had elected not to use the stairs. Overall, when the teething issues have been sorted and the pool opened, the hotel will be well worth of their 5* rating.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2395-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Exceptional new hotel,"I stayed at this hotel last week on a business trip to London and was made to feel very welcome by the front of house and restaurant staff. The hotel is very new and it is in a nice location quite near to the Thames waterfront, although it is a little walk from Southwark tube station. As I was catching the train the next morning at Waterloo, it was easier to take a taxi to the station which cost £7. I thought the breakfast menu was exceptionally good and I would rate this as one of the best Hilton Hotels I have stayed in. I will definitely return on my next visit to London.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brand New but has some teething problems,"Great check in - very friendly and very personal.  Looked after a bag for me during the day without fuss. Very stylish public areas. Received upgrade due to status and also had access to lounge. Lounge is fantastic, probably one of the smartest and largest I have seen in a Hilton (certainly in the UK anyhow).  Unfortunately staff perhaps are perhaps a bit new - asked for a porridge at breakfast and first of all they said it wasnt possible, then said it was, then waited 20 mins for it but gave up and left. Mentioned at reception but just a short sorry, will let the manager know type response. Unfortunately pool is not open as yet - nobody knew how long it would be to sort out. Bar area looks good but it was very quiet and didnt venture in. There is apparently a very concealed…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stunning hotel room 204 ,"Stayed in a spacious twin room with my mum in November. Hotel staff very friendly and efficient. bar is lovely.   Room was spotless with plenty of plug sockets, maid service fantastic. Lovely tv in room with sound linked into the bathroom. Rooms large in comparison to usual 5* London hotels.   Plenty of wardrobe space.   Gordon Ramsey Union street cafe just around the corner for nice drinks lunch or dinner. Borough market walking distance.   Breakfast in hotel is expensive so take a walk out where there are plenty of cafes hidden away.   Having used to live in London, staying in this area managed to see a different side of the city.   Looks just like the pics. Brand new. Fresh and modern.   The nicest Hilton hotel I have stayed in. ",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing party!,We were recently invited to a party at the hotel. It's a gorgeous venue. More stylish and modern than I would normally expect from a Hilton. The entrance and the space for the party were all really impressive. The food was fantastic and the service staff could not have done a better job at taking care of us! I would definitely recommend having a party here!!!,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Comfortable business accommodation with great service,"I stayed at the Hilton Bankside as I was at a conference there. The staff were very welcoming and went out of there way to be helpful. I was upgraded on arrival to a deluxe room which was very comfortable with luxury toiletries in the bathroom. The mini bar was well stocked. Overall a very pleasant stay - I would certainly stay there again as it is very central and as a new hotel it was modern, clean and well designed.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2400-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Great location, tasty food, wonderful service!","I've been invited to celebrate a surprise birthday party of a friend of mine and let me tell you - I had such an amazing time! It's always great to see your friends but surroundings can make it even more exceptional. I can't stop praising the staff, so tentative, polite, helpful, charming with a big smile on their faces! The hotel itself is brand new, smells like a promise of a great adventure and I love its location. Thank you for making me a part of this experience. Big thumb up :-)",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Brilliant location, extremely professional and attentive staff!","Great hotel, in a very nice location. Really liked the décor, it is modern but in a very warm way. The rooms are really nicely decorated and bathroom was good size and super clean! Dinner was very tasty and staff extremely helpful and very professional. Awesome experience overall! Definitely recommend it.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great night out,Recently had the pleasure of going to a 'surprise' 40th party here. The service staff were very attentive and friendly. The hotel itself has great design - modern and trendy fitting into the local area well. The function rooms for parties downstairs are equipped with everything you could need. Food was amazing!!! Would definitely recommend staying this hotel and throwing a party!!!,Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The Location is very good,"The Location of this is very good. You are in the City of London an. Everything is in walking distance. When you take the gatwick express you can walk from victoria station to this hotel.The Borough Market, London Eyes, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey is very closed to this hotel.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
2408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Hilton Lond Bankside - Southwark,"Great Hilton Hotel, fabulous attentive staff, especially Neil (concierge), great décor, breakfast wow!!  I would definitely recommend and would consider returning not on business, what a fab experience that everyone should have a little taste of.  Oh and the lobby smells divine.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2405-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great new hotel in London!,"Hilton is facing fierce competition in London from boutique hotels and its great to see they have stepped up their game with this new one! Hotel is great, more up to date than most classic Hiltons l've been too. We have attended private party in the bar downstairs. Very attentive staff. Great food. Full professionalism. I would definitely recommend it for corporate & private events. The building is brand new so you get to treat yourself with unused amenities :)",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Outstanding Service,"What an amazing hotel, I have never stayed in a hotel with such impeccable service and attention to detail. Normally you would find one or too staff members who would shine, but not in this hotel, all members of staff I interacted with during my four night stay could not do enough for you, customer service was key and you can certainly see each member of staff has been trained exceptionally well. A nice located hotel,bedroom was clean big and very well fitted with some nice touches such a hidden fridge in a draw. Bathroom was lovely, nice hot shower each morning. Breakfast was great, with a really good choice, a nice chef cooked me an omelette each morning and I was greeted with a huge smile, wish I had got his name. Restaurant manager was really nice, polite and helpful on the…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Conrad miles better ,"Wish I had gone for my usual choice @ Conrad, small suite, rubbish executive lounge with one hot item that I couldn't even eat (am vego) and cheap wine. Expected better for £250/night, would not recommend   Local area is ghastly and run down miles to anywhere decent unless you want a nandos!",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
2412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent hotel on the South Bank of the Thames,"I stayed at the Hilton London Bankside in the 30th October - 1st November weekend and I can sum it up as excellent. The hotel is on the South Bank of the Thames, a five minute walk from the Southwark Underground Station (Jubilee Line) and from the Tate Modern and the Millennium Bridge. I stayed in a King Deluxe Room with View, but the view was the only thing faulty in it. Infact the room was obviously new, as the hotel has recently opened, very large by London standard and beautifully appointed, while the view was very underwhelming, pointing west and showing only a recognizable 5% slice of London Eye. The only defect in the room (and it was a very minor one) was that there was too many pieces of furniture around for its size. As a HHonors diamond guest I was given access to the…",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very good considering its just opened,"Stayed at this hotel at the end of October and I think it had only been opened 3 weeks at that point. The receptionist that checked me in was amazing and I am so annoyed at myself for not remembering her name. All the staff were nice, but the lady in question was super sweet...PJ was also very nice when I was checking out (yes I remember PJ but not the lady that gave me a free drinks voucher for getting stuck in the lift and was just an all round awesome receptionist!)  Anyhoo, the room was nice with that lovely new smell (I like) although I was facing the AC units/extractors that were nicely disguised, there was still enough sunlight coming into the room  and as I was only staying for a day, the view did not really bother me. I love the pull out fridge but as a previous…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2410-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Love the new boutique style!,"Stayed last night in an executive room. Fabulous all round for a brand new hotel which isn't fully open. Lovely check in staff, brilliant bar staff, wonderful waiting staff. Not your usual Hilton - much better style, rooms are very chic (only criticism there is no mirror in bedroom for drying your hair or putting your makeup on - only full length mirror in wardrobe). The executive lounge is fantastic as was the breakfast - so much choice! Ideally situated for borough market, the Tate, south bank etc. All round stunner - we will return",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My new favorite hotel,"I took a chance and booked a room at this brand new property in an area of London I wasn't familiar with, and I'm glad I did. As a Gold Honors member, I know that all Hiltons are not created equal, but this one exceeded all my expectations.  The location turned out to be perfect. The rooms were very modern and spotless. The staff was wonderful and accommodating, especially when I wasn't happy with my first night's room.  Not only did they offer to change my room, but they gave me the opportunity to view and select my new room.  A special shout out to the bartenders in the Distillery Bar.  If my travels bring me back to London, I will definitely return.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best Hilton in London,"Stayed in this hotel last weekend, for me this is the best London hotel I have stayed in. Great service and very friendly staff. I am coming back to London next month and I have already booked a room :)",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
2417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great new hotel - and great staff - good combination!,"As others have mentioned, this hotel is very new and therefore it does feel quite a special place to be, because everything is clean and the team are very motivated!   The Exec room I am in is big, with a huge comfortable bed and all standard Hilton bathroom amenities. Nice, classy wood panelling and very quiet even though it's on the first floor - can't hear a thing from downstairs or outside. Oh, and enough power sockets by the bed - two on each side - so no annoyances about having to charge your phone on the other side of the room as happens in some hotels!  At the moment the upper floors aren't available (I expect they are still being completed) and that's a shame as the view from floor 1 isn't quite the cityscape suggested by the marketing! Also the pool isn't open yet but…",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
2418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Not nearly the best Hilton...,"A disappointing visit. Check in was slow, when finally we got to room it was four dark walls with no window; light came from small window in passage to bathroom only. Dismal and dark - requested a room change and received a better room with a window! Highpoint was the Distillery Bar; high class cocktail bar with skilled and knowledgeable bar staff - who knew so many brands of gin existed! Breakfast was very 'self-service' not even tea and coffee brought to table - a coffee machine was pointed out to us - dreadful coffee! I would not stay again - prefer Tower of London or London Bridge Hilton Hoteld",Date of stay: October 2015,2.0
2419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2415-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,The Distillery Bar is ideal for post-work drinks,Checked out the hotel's bar after work last week and was really impressed by the service and drinks made by two knowledgeable barmen. Worth a visit if you're looking for a cosy place for drinks around Bankside.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous new hotel !,"Stayed here last week for the first time ....hotel location is great - only 5 mins walk from Southwark tube station so easy to find.  Great welcome from the doorman and receptionist.  Stunning features around the building emulating the whole ""bank"" history of the building and the area.  Our room was clean and had great features, large bathroom and subtle classy décor.  We had dinner in the restaurant and the food was superb....catering well for children (not always seen in corporate style hotels midweek) and the restaurant and bar were buzzing with atmosphere (unusual as the hotel has only just opened so obviously word as spread fast !!!).  Great breakfast next day, meticulous attention to detail in the food layout and quality.   Loved this hotel and we will definetly be back !!",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Stunning hotel,"Stayed for one night with my wife and son and had a wonderful time in a beautiful hotel. Located just behind the Tate Modern, it's obvious upon walking into the spacious reception area that this hotel is special. Check in was dealt with swiftly by a very friendly member of staff. We were lucky enough to have a suite in the corner of the building, which was fitted out with enormous attention to detail and luxury. We had dinner in the restaurant and again, the service was very good and the food was superb. I would describe the atmosphere as very modern and chic. Breakfast the following morning was also excellent and the choice of food on offer was extensive. I would definitely recommend this hotel!",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Brand New Hilton London Bankside Delights,The hotel was four days old when I got there. Yet they already had their act together because staff are mostly seasoned pros from other hotels.   Room service called to tell me that my breakfast would be a few minutes late as they were baking my scones fresh! What??? The Distillery bar is a fascinating spot for a cocktail preferably from one of the vintage gins no longer available! The gin list is incredible. And the head bartender is a snappy Italian star who makes lovely infusions and syrups for his cocktails.  Location is great. Just a short wander to The Tate or Borough Market and several really good restaurants. The tube is nearby too.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My new favourite London Hilton,"I am a Hilton diamond member as a result of spending far too much of my time in hotels, usually in London.  I do like the Canary Wharf Hilton as that is a short walk from my office but I think the style of the Bankside just edges it out as my favourite.  The executive lounge is like a gentleman's club (in the sense of style, not exclusivity!) and the rooms are stylish and well appointed.  I had a first floor room, which can be a problem, but I heard no sound from the ground floor.  The staff couldn't be nicer - they are clearly delighted to be a part of the hotel and aim to please at all times, though not in an intrusive way.  If I was asked for potential improvements I would suggest two things.  Firstly provide a walking route map on the website.  I had looked the location up…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2420-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Refreshingly different!,"Having spent more nights than I can remember in various Hilton Group hotels in and around London (and farther afield), I nervously booked this brand new Hilton property to try somewhere new. What a hugely pleasant surprise I got! This is more like a boutique hotel but with Hilton levels of service and I was made to feel very special during my stay. Being a HH Diamond level, I had access to the wonderful executive lounge, which has loads of character and art installations. Talking of art, the restaurant has its own art work. I won't spoil the surprise but just look at the walls on the way in!  The bedrooms are well appointed, with lots of wood panelling, making it feel very cozy. The bed, for me, was perfect in both size and hardness.  The staff are more than helpful, and most…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Great team working at this stylish new hotel,"Two weeks after it opened, we found the hotel stylish and comfortable and the staff eager to please and working well as a team. On arrival the concierge was friendly and parked the car in their secure car park on site. Check in was equally pleasant. There seemed to be a very large number of staff around all the time and I could n't fault any of them.  The immediate environs of the hotel are not the most stimulating- there are a few restaurants and cafes quite close, not really any shopping around here. The Tate Modern is minutes away, the City of London with St Paul's Cathedral is an easy walk across the Millennium foot bridge, and there is a tube stop quite close. Taxi to the west end is £15 to £20. The room rates were very reasonable when we stayed, maybe some promotional…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent business hotel,Excellent business hotel; modern but very stylish! Well done by the designers. Very professional and friendly staff. Five minutes walk to southwark underground station and waterloo railway station. Tate Modern and Shakespeare's Globe are close by. Southwark has been very much revitalised and this hotel is one of the great additions.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Top class hotel,Really enjoyed this hotel. As a Hilton Gold member I've stayed in a lot of Hiltons but this one is very unique. The interior design is akin to a boutique hotel and no expense has been spared on the fixtures and fittings in the rooms. You could tell the hotel has been newly opened as the staff were still a little unsure of systems and it was obvious they hadn't had a chance to build up relationships with each other yet. That will come as any new staff team needs time to gel and bond. I had left my jacket in the executive lounge and the hotel went above and beyond the call of duty to find it for me. Thanks and I will definitely be back next time I'm in London.,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,It will be excellent once it gets established,"This is a new hotel and I am sure that once it gets properly up and running it will be fantastic. There is nothing that can be faulted about the quality of the rooms, beds, pillows and bathroom facilities. And the location is excellent - 3 minutes walk from Tate Modern, 10 minutes from Waterloo and about 15 from the Covent Garden area. It's just that nothing seemed to go smoothly when dealing with the staff. Whether that was because there is a lack of experience amongst them or whether the hotel has opened before it is ready, something was not quite right. The staff were all very friendly and trying to be helpful but they did seem a bit lost. My case was taken off me when I arrived and I was told it would be taken straight to my room but it never arrived and 40 minutes later I…",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
2429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2425-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Amazing property with franchise owners that need to teach the rest.,"Whilst this is a new property I hope they keep the service levels up. The franchise owners know what they are doing and I wished their quality would rub off on others in the Hilton family. Fantastic decor, amazing staff across all parts of the hotel. Classy, stylish and modern with a zen Scandinavian vibe in the room.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb New Hilton,"Had the pleasure of staying here for one night midweek.  On arrival we were greeted by concierge staff, we were welcomed to the hotel, all luggage was carried  from the car, the keys were signed for and the car was parked and of course duly returned at the end of our stay. We then made our way to reception where we were greeted warmly, checked in and all details of the hotel explained. During our stay we used the hotel bar both day time and evening and the restaurant both for breakfast and an evening meal.   The restaurant meal was excellent as was the service.   The breakfast was probably one of the best hotel breakfasts I have experienced again the level of service is to be commended.   The ambience of the hotel in all areas including the restaurant is pitched at the right…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Warm and welcoming hotel,"We spent just one night and this Newly opened hotel and were so sorry we hadn't booked another night. The hotel is lovely, but the staff are what made it very special, they got the balance of unobstrusive helpful just right, there when you needed them and not when you didn't.  The bed and particularly the pillows were very comfortable. The room we had was spacious and well-equipped.  Breakfast was plentiful and of a high standard, they will even cook pancakes to order.  The leisure centre was not yet open, but hopefully it will be next time.  The location is in a quiet rather non descript area but is so close to the Tate Modern and South Bank that there are plenty of restaurants and bars just a few minutes away. An excellent hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Fabulous in every way!,"Stayed for 1 night for my birthday. Staff couldn't have been more friendly and couldn't do enough for you. 5 minute walk from Southwark and close the Southbank.  The rooms are spacious and the bathroom was stunning. The bed was so comfy didn't want to get up!  The Restaurant was amazing, relaxed atmosphere, fabulous food and very attentive, friendly staff. Because it was my birthday I was given a complementary bottle of Lanson with our meal. Such a lovely thoughtful touch. The bar does some amazing innovative cocktails.  Can't fault the hotel in any way! Would definitely recommend this hotel and we will return.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Superb short break in the city,Superb stay - hotel is brand new and staff are so friendly and proud of the property.  Location is great - 5 minutes from tube great rooms great restaurant.  So impressed I am back next week and this is my new go to hotel in London!  Special thanks to Kiana (sorry if I spelt that wrong!) super friendly and always took time to say hello,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2430-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Absolutely fantastic in every way,"This hotel has very quickly become my favorite. it is a very unique Hilton and the concept and design is simply stunning.   The rooms are lovely, with simple and comfort written all over them, the bed was super comfy and the shower was so good I didn't want to get out.  Following on from this, I had lunch in OXBO which was outstanding, the staff were very helpful and took the time to talk to us and recommend dishes from the menu.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Service from a Hilton Hotel at the Highest Level,"Stayed for three nights during October, 2 weeks after they opened.  I count myself very lucky as the hotel originally said they were opening at the end of October and I needed a stay mid-October .... and as fate would have it they opened early ... what a find.  The first thing I have to say, and I notice commented in previous reviews, is the level of service by all the staff throughout the hotel ... and I mean all ... it is stunning.... if all Hiltons could be the same!!!!  The hotel itself feels a little like the Conrad St James in its styling and I was told during the stay that they are both owned by the same people.  I was surprised by the closeness of Southwark tube station (at most 5 mins walk) on one side or if you want the RV1 bus to either Tower Bridge/Tower of London or…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"One word, Amazing!","Stayed at the newly opened Hilton Bankside and was blown away by the high standards of the hotel.  The lobby area is beautiful as is the amazing executive lounge. The suite we stayed in was furnished to a very high standard and the complimentary soft drinks and snacks in the minibar is definitely a very nice touch.  The staff are fantastic, really helpful especially the staff in the Executive Lounge.  The food at breakfast is good quality and there is plenty of choice.  So far, i have stayed here twice since it opened and cant wait to go back a third time.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,weekend break,"absolutey fantastic hotel, the staff were top class, the accomadation 5 star, the breakfast excellent, location perfect. The only negative is the bar, they automatically assume you want double measures and as the drinks are  expensive to start with, it was a bit of a shock.I t didn't spoil our stay we just didn't use the bar again.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Excellent Hotel / Brilliant Staff,"I recently stayed at this hotel for two nights. It's a brand new hotel that has just opened! And is only a few minutes’ walk from SouthWark Station. The staff are all very friendly and helpful.  I stayed in the Executive King Room which included Free Drinks & Snacks. The Hotel being brand new is very modern. The room was brand new! I was surprised the hotel offered a turn down service at night where the room is also cleaned again. The room had a very good bathroom with a powerful rainfall shower and bose speaker integration!  The room also had a 47"" Smart TV which had youtube apps etc. The Wi-Fi Speed using speedtest.net was 2.5mb/s using the free in room wi-fi service. The rooms are well insulated and very quiet. The climate control system is excellent and keeps the room at a…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2435-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,This was a rare pleasure......,"A brand new hotel, with happy and excited staff and very good facilities in a great part of London. Nearly made up for very disappointing stay in Hilton Park Lane the previous week: so bad I almost cancelled here. Glad I didn't.  It is a lovely place to stay. Staff were just great.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,"Lovely hotel, new and modern","Room was smart and modern, staff attentive, lovely breakfast. Turn down service had our room ready for us to jump straight into bed after a night on the town.  Worth having a few cocktails in the bar, ask about the free cocktail voucher. Would highly recommend. 😀",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,5 Star Luxury in the Heart of London,"Excellent brand new Hilton close to the London Bridge with excellent amenities, service and food.  Excellent value for the money, however the lodging and food expense was reduced based on just opening.  The cuisine is some of the best I have experienced in London.",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,My new favourite hotel!,Just stayed one night and was hugely impressed The hotel is as you would expect from a brand new Hilton with lovely decor The room was spacious with a great bathroom but what really made it great was the exceptional service from every single member of staff I came into contact with  Would highly recommend,Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Very New Hotel with Great Service,"The hotel opened just last week so it was great that room was super clean. They didn't open the entire hotel however, staffs, especially at the reception, were absolutely fantastic. It was very helpful, knowledgeable and passionate about their products. It was great!",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
2444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d8505156-Reviews-or2440-Hilton_London_Bankside-London_England.html#REVIEWS,Hilton London Bankside Hotel Reviews,Best hotel in London,"The hotel just opened a week ago and it looks exactly as the photographs on the website do we didn't bother posting any of our own.  The hotel is excellent and surpassed all our expectations. The service staff (every one of them we've come across) from front desk, restaurant, concierge is very friendly, enthusiastic, knowledgeable, professional and made us feel perfectly at home. The Assistant Head Concierge, Mr Cowen, provided excellent information and recommendations on interesting places to visit and eat around the hotel. He is one of the best we've met.  The room is fantastic. Cozy, comfortable and has everything you need. It is within short walking distance from Southwark tube station and has convenient supermarkets just downstairs. We highly recommend this wonderful hotel.…",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
