,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or0-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not the greatest ,Me and my sister came here for a few days and fair to say was a bit disappointed the room was alright and nice but the decor was not up to par and there were a few cracks in the corner of the room. We were on the 4th floor so we used the stairs and even then the stairs weren’t clear. Breakfast was disappointing as there was no hot breakfasts and not much variety. The man on reception was nice but the other staff looked fairly miserable. It’s okay if you are looking for a one night stay I’d say but not for a couple of days  ,Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or0-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but a bit rundown,"The only best thing I can say about this place is the location. It's walking distance from Bayswater Tube station, restaurants and shops. The hotel itself is a bit rundown. Some of the tiles on our way to our room are cracked/chipped. Our room is small and basic. It does smell damp and musty. The TV is not working, it just turned on for few minutes then turned off. We didn't bother in the end. The breakfast is included but we didn't go there because of previous reviews(it has only 3 star rating for cleanliness). Will i book again in this hotel? No.",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or0-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",In need of an upgrade,"My boyfriend and I went here for a short trip in the autumn of 2019. Overall, it was okay,  but then again... The room is very small, and the walls are like paper. You can hear everything going on outside the door, and in the other rooms. The beds are shrieking and hard, and the elevator.. OMG. When waiting for the elevator, the whole floor was shaking, and you'd fear a little for yhour life, everything you went in. Oh, and don't even get me started on the breakfast. We had breakfast included in our stay, but chose not to use it, after trying it out the first day. It's simply horrible.   The location of the hotel was great though. A short walk from a lot of restaurants and small stores, and easy access to busses. With a little renovation, this hotel could be great, but at this moment, 3 stars is as high as I'll go.…",Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or0-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Mediocre quality, reasonable value for money ","This hotel is somewhat tired, needs painting, the carpets need replacing and some of the kitchen staff need to add a smile to their face.  That being said, we paid £101 for a four bed family room including breakfast so represented good value for money for central London.  The rooms are small, basic, but essentially clean. The laundry seemed clean, although the blankets and towels were well used.   The breakfast is basic, toast and cereals, but is okay, it’s a dining room style layout with shared tables. There was some fruit and yoghurt but they seemed to stop replenishing stuff around 9am",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or0-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"The hotel was clean and staff friendly. Which is why I give it 2.  The room was cramped, the bathroom shower was not sufficient to shower under.  The carpets in the corridor and on the stairs were dangerous. Something that should be attended to before an accident happens.  Breakfast was so squashed. The food however was good.  For London the price was good, but that doesn’t require things to be low quality. ",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or5-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great location ,"Great location for getting about central London. The hotel is in a beautiful Georgian building, the inside is dated and in need of a refurb, but it was cheap, clean and had lovely staff. Great if you literally want just to sleep there.  ",Date of stay: February 2020,4.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or5-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Básico,"It is a pretty modest and basic hotel. What is really sad that in a hotel You left something and it just disappears in 15 minutes. When I asked for help, they told me they did not have access to the cameras and they could not do anything. The breakfast is very simple and there are not many variety. The TV was in poor condition and had to come twice to help us.",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or5-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight stay,Practically situated 5 minutes from the underground in a residential area of west London. Cheap for London with helpful concierge.Buffet style breakfast good value however due to street lighting the room felt like it was in daylight all night not the hotels fault.,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or5-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Week vacation,Hotel in a great location.  Rooms are very small.  Could barely move a large suitcase into the room.  Needs a facelift.  Breakfast was okay.  One working elevator that barely moved.  However room was clean.  I expect most hotels are the same in London.  Look good on the outside but not on the inside.,Date of stay: October 2019,3.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or5-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Needs a Makeover,"This hotel is in dire need of updating. Both public areas and rooms shabby with peeling paintwork and many cracked tiles, although the rooms were clean. The ""restaurant"" was in the basement, along with the single rooms, and was like a works cafe with plastic tablecloths. The breakfasts were the most basic continental type with no hot choices, decent bread or pastries and tinned fruit. The lift (one was out of service) was positively scary - rattling and shaking every time. Even the notice for maximum occupancy of 8 had been amended to 4 people! It seems to cater for large groups and consequently was very noisy. However, the location was great as only a short walk from the tube and restaurants. The staff were also pleasant but I wouldn't use it again.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or10-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,The phrase cheap and cheerful would come to mind with reference to being cheap for London hotel prices but definitely not cheerful. The family room we were in was too small and not representative of photos as advertised on booking.com or trivago. The breakfast was very poor. Our advice would be to pay a little more if you need the location or look further away and use the underground!,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or10-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not necessarily cheerful,"Booked as cheap for London price's, sheets were clean and toilets clean but over all the place needs thorough maintenance or update. Floor tiles broke as you walked on them, steps to basement very uneven & dangerous, carpets were very old, it all generally felt unloved. Don't get excited for the ""Continental"" breakfast as you will be disappointed (even though free). If you want a scare use the very shaky lift. Sorry but would not go again.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or10-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,First the good points. Hotel is in a good location with easy access to tube and bus services. Short walk to Hyde park. Cheap compared to other central London stays.   Breakfast staff are the rudest I have ever come across one of them physically moved me out of her way whilst I was getting cereal to top up something that wasn’t even empty. One member of staff cleared our table as we refilled our plates removing a personal item of ours when asked about it she denied it was there even though other guests saw her do it then her and a young blonde member of staff stood and laughed at us. The young blonde girl must also clean rooms and pushed a trolley at us so we had to move out of the way as corridor is narrow. Then as we were waiting for lift same girl threw a dirty towel right…,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or10-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",It may be a Palace.. but can’t see Queen staying here!,Needs a bit of TLC. Quite shabby round the edges. It sounded like the lift was on its last legs too. Can only be described as adequate! Reasonably priced though and within easy reach of tourist spots! My daughter was bitten on leg my something too! Not sure what!,Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or10-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",avoid this place,I wished I had read the reviews  worst place on the planet no wifi in the room which made me loose a day of work try to leave and ask for refund was impossible they don't care about your complaint  this is third world in the center of London  tiny rooms dirty bad smell,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or15-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The WORST hotel for families,The WORSt hotel to stay in if you have children or even by yourself  They let rooms out to large parties and there are some weird drug fuelled parties going on all night; doors banging and lots of questionable comings and goings  Please DO NOT stay here with children it feels extremely unsafe,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or15-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",I would give this a 1.5 if possible,"Firstly, the nice part about this hotel is the staff are friendly and it's actually pretty clean. Beware, however, that this is a very budget-friendly hotel and is extremely basic- no air conditioning, no safe, no fridge, no baggage storage. There is a breakfast offered each morning- again, very basic- hard boiled eggs, toast, canned peaches, some cereals.  Other reviewers are mentioned bugs or mice, but I didn't see anything like it and the hotel was actually very clean, just run down with cracks and holes in the drywall and ceilings.   Our room was a quad, and it was actually just a normal tiny hote room modified to include stairs and a loft that is about 5 feet high. It was hot as heck up there, even with the window open and I hit my head off the ceiling about 6 times.   It…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or15-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Seriously - look elsewhere,"Stayed here whilst visiting my son in London. Quite possibly the worst place I’ve ever had the misfortune to spend time in.  For my £360 fee, I got - a cramped basement room with a window looking out to a wall, a cramped and over used space with nowhere to hang any clothing apart from 3 coat hooks, the bathroom was the absolute pits, a cracked sink that leaked water all over the floor when used, a shower that was more sealant than tile and had a sharp and cracked dirty shower head and didn’t drain, so you had to stop half way through your ablutions to wait for the water to drain. The towels were poor sized hand towels that had seen better days, the lonely pillow supplied was possibly just a pillow case, I asked for extra pillows at reception and after a lengthy wait was given 2…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or15-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly,"Friendly staff, we booked last minute after a train got cancelled and we were stuck in London, it is in a nice location. Check in was fast and easy, the man at check in was nice and friendly to us. Rooms were clean and the window was open to let in some nice fresh air. Shower was good.",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or15-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting hotel with mice,"This was the worst hotel stay of my life. I have stayed in hostels much nicer than this.I had read the reviews but as I was only staying one night and leaving in the morning I thought it would be okay, but it wasn't.  When I arrived, the receptionist was making a private phone call and left me waiting for 10 minutes, and then was not welcoming at all. I was given a basement room, the room was tiny but okay for one person. The room was very outdated and shabby and the bathroom was dirty. Bed was uncomfortable, the Tv did not work and there was no hot water. The basement rooms were also very cold. The basement rooms have NO signal, so I couldn't even make a call or go online inside. The room was by the Main Street so it was very loud and felt unsafe. It was also underneath the…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or20-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pros and Cons,We stayed at the Pembridge Palace Hotel for two nights in June. First of all there is no air conditioning but there is an elevator. The rooms are dated and small but clean. Wi-fi is only available in the lobby. Breakfast came with our room but it was very basic. Yes - this hotel was not like a chain hotel in the US. But we felt safe inside and outside of the Pembridge Palace Hotel. The hotel wasn’t far from restaurants and it was convenient to catch the Tube.,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or20-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Most certainly no palace! A converted apartment block with turn-of-century rooms, etc.",Rooms the size of a garden shed. Beds so old and worn out that they sag in the middle & roll you out. Bathrooms with as little as 42 cm of entrance opening. Drippy faucets. Internet only in a tiny lobby. We've seen hostels in better shape. Folks at the front desk are friendly and polite but the separate reservations manager (Bassel) is ignorant  and uncompromising if you require any changes to your reservation. Stay away at all costs as there are many better places minutes away with better management if you need the support. All management wants is your money!,Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or20-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Hot box room , bad beds","Reception didn’t even know where the stairs were. The carpets are from 1960 Dirty  Old  The beds are horrendous! Springs literally twanging and popping into my back .  You could grate a block of cheese on the beds springs  When I phoned reception to complain he sad “ come and see me in the morning and I’ll get you a new room “ I said “ but I’m here for tonight and can’t sleep in this bed” He repeated “ I will sort it in the morning” !!??? What after I’ve left?  If you’re thinking of booking here,  Abort , Abort Abort",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or20-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"This hotel was one of the worst I’ve stayed in, the lobby area had a sofa that had hardly any leather left on it, which looked awful, the twin room I had was quite small and in need of a makeover as the carpet was thread bare in some parts, the bed was not comfortable atall, u could see the springs sticking out so u can imagine trying to sleep on it & the tv was only giving u a handful of channels but the signal was terrible. There breakfast wasn’t any better. There toast was chewy & the fresh orange juice was warm. The WiFi not great either, only works in the lobby or in the patio area. It was clean but definitely needs closed down for refurbishment.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or20-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good to re-do and re-size hotel,"Located in a nice area. Quiet and not far from the train stations. The hotel seriously needs to re-size to make it more comfortable for guests to stay. Room very tiny. Not enough space to move around. The bathroom quite tiny, too. Let's not forget the corridors. Furniture very old, too. The garden area could have a bit more colours or life to it. Staff friendly though.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or25-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Wrong palace at the wrong time....,"I was in London for a meeting and decided to bring family with.... It was a last minute decision but since it isn't holiday time yet so there should be plenty to choose from.... Boy~ I was so wrong....!  It was Cricket World Cup in England and everywhere is fully booked or prices are so inflated that I can only settled for budget (supposedly) hotel like Pembridge Palace (rates also inflated of course).  Like many reviews mentioned, yes~ the hotel is a little run-down; yes, the breakfast is a little disappointing; yes, the furniture are in some very sorry state; the carpets were so dusty that we started coughing as we walked into the room.  But, I have to say, in a place like this, you appreciate more on those nicer things around you- the friendly manager who was kind enough to…",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or25-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Awful room G10,"We were offered a room that didn’t resemble at all the pictures in the website, it was tiny for four people, good job we were only there for one night! We woke up Sunday 7am with water falling from the ceiling above on our bed and on us, the patio area outside was so dirty, breakfast selection poor and room key was never working properly neither did wifi, we were shocked that charges of 168 pounds per night for such poor quality. I don’t recommend this hotel. Here is a picture of the lovely views from our room! : (",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or25-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The hotel needs to be closed down,"Can’t understand how this hotel hasn’t been closed down yet. Everything in it was absolutely filthy, they offer breakfast but I’d be too scared to eat anything there. When you walk in you can see lots of cracked tiles in the foyer, there’s a dirty old couch in the lobby that looks like it’s been there for the past 30 years. The hotel room itself was filthy, the TV was broken, the window couldn’t stay open, the carpet on the floor was filthy, I couldn’t sleep under the bed sheets because they looked so dirty, the bed was tiny and it barely even fit in the room. There was a broken bath in the bathroom, no hot water, hardly any water pressure, half the tiles were cracked in there. Has to be the worst hotel in London, can’t envisage anything that could possibly be worst than it.…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or25-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Faded Glory,"This place  looks OK from the  outside, and it is a decent place to stay. But everywhere you look, it's shabby. Worn-out furniture in the lobby. Chairs on the garden patio that need new webbing. Carpeting that's faded at the corners.   The room itself is also old-ish, but not in a classic way (except on the exterior). Just run down, like it was last renewed in the 1970s.  Does any of this mean you should NOT stay here? NO. The staff are excellent. Nice, helpful, and hard-working. The neighborhood is fantastic. It's a great place to get anywhere in London. There are some really good pubs close by, plus Underground service and restaurants plus small Tesco and Sainsbury stores.  The breakfast is marginal. But you'll be OK to start your day with it. Good coffee. And the women who…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or25-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,"We stayed at the Pembridge Palace Hotel for 4 nights, and the thing we liked best about this hotel was its excellent location. The hotel is conveniently situated in central London, and it is just a 5-minute walk away from Bayswater underground station. It is also very close to Hyde Park, where Kensington Palace is, and within walking distance to London Paddington train station. The neighborhood is very quaint and quiet during the day. There are many pubs, restaurants, and minimarts along Queensway, where Bayswater station is located.  We stayed in a quadruple room with 4 single beds. Our room was in the basement, but since it was an old building, our room had a window. There was a wardrobe, desk, electric kettle, and a flat-screen TV in our room. The beds were comfortable…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or30-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",perfect for tour 1 night stay,"I read a few bad reviews about this hotel but booked it anyways and was very happy with what we were offered. The hotel is in the center, area not bad at all, underground station less then 5 min walk.  We were on the top floor, room small ( as most standard hotel rooms in London) but spotlessly clean, linen and towels clean.  Breakfast is self service buffet. All in all I`d book again here if we stop by at London again.",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or30-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Still good value but still some housekeeping issues,"This was my second visit to this conveniently-located hotel and it is still good value - although more expensive than my previous visit, probably because it is now high season, or possibly because I was allocated a four-bedded room rather than the double I requested.  Our room (214) was spacious enough for two (although it would have been a squash for four). It was annoying that the built-in basin plug didn't work although an unattached single plug was available for both the bath and the basin. Assuming that the basin plug was irreparable, the cost of providing a new plug and chain for the basin and the bath would have cost no more than a fiver.  The electrical sockets were masked by the desk and a wander-lead was provided to allow for access to electricity. This was…",Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or30-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",One night stay!!,Stayed on Saturday night! Hotel is a bit dated but is clean and morr than adequate for short stays. The staff were friendly and helpful. Check on was quick and easy. We arrived at 10.30 in the evening very tired after a day of sightseeing and had a good night's sleep in very comfy beds! This hotel is value for money.,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or30-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pembridge palace London,"This London visit with family booked pembridge palace hotel in central London, rooms are small, decent break fast spread, management is helpful, staff is good, very good for a budget hotel, very cheap and competitive rates almost 40% less then Regular hotels, very good for tourists, who want to save money on stay, near to BAYSWATER AND QUEENSWAY tube station. Enjoyed staying in the cost room.",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or30-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for a few nights,"Ok hotel in great location opposite Kensington Gardens. Tiniest room ever, no wifi - only in lobby, no fridge, tiny elevator that takes forever - we used the stairs as it was quicker. Breakfast is in the basement, like a dorm at school camp. Not fancy just eggs, toast, tea, coffee, canned peaches, cucumber and tomato. Was ok for us as we were there 4 nights and was out all day. Bed is comfy. Close to buses, trains and the hop on hop off bus and a few pubs and cafes. Keep your expectations low.",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or35-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Entirely adequate,"We too arrived at this hotel, having read the reviews, with more than a slight sense of apprehension.  However, we had a good stay.  We were in London for the weekend with our three children.  We had a packed schedule and so the hotel was only a stopping place for the night.  For us, it was everything we needed.  Our room was perfect for our needs: three single beds on a mezzanine floor above our two beds on ""the ground floor"".  The ceiling was low above the mezzanine floor but it was perfect for the children and I don't think it would have bothered my husband and I if we had had to sleep up there. We had taken our own bedding as a precaution but we didn't need it.  The bedding was clean and the beds were comfortable.  I'm guessing because of the age and style of the building we…",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or35-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend ,"Cheap hotel, you get what you pay for. There's no fridge or working TV in the room and the service is lackluster to say the least. The location is good at least but considering the building hasn't been renovated in god know how long you might just find a hostel for half the price. ",Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or35-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Like a terrible Motel,"What was I paying for?!? This hotel is the worst hotel experience I have had- and i have travelled a lot! We arrived on april 25th, 4 adults and 5 kids. Got two rooms, one on the left side from the front desk (my room) and the other on the right side hall. The room on the right was an “updated room” it was bigger, cleaner and just in all more acceptable hotel room. Still it was not all that clean, with spider web and leafs in the windows and FREEZING cold at night, that cold that people had to sleep in full clothing (and we are from Iceland)! Then there was the “experience” on the left hall. Room G03 - my kids stopped and refused to go in. This tiny room that hadn’t been updated since the house was built. Ripped carpet, bad smell, stains on multiple places, bedsheets with stains…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or35-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Very bad!,"The staff are not welcoming or very kind. Within the first minutes of me being there, the fire alarm went off multiple times, and it kept happening every day throughout my stay. When walking into my room, the first thing I felt was the floor “falling through”, if I can describe it that way. It was uneven, and felt like I might end up on the lower level anytime. I had a lot of trouble closing the door, and when I was able to, there was space between the bottom of it and the floor. I could hear people walking in the hallway like they were in my room. The walls were extremely thin. I understand most buildings in London are old, but a little renovation would not hurt. Also, the window can barely be opened, and my room had an unpleasant smell. The room (double, for two people) was…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or35-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel with basic facilities.,Hotel is very basic with small rooms and small bathrooms. Breakfast is included but then again very limited options just toasts in the morning. Will only recommend for a short stay of a day or so.  Good connectivity with the underground station. BAYSWATER tube station at walking distance.,Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or40-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Decent hotel for the money, but a terrible night's sleep","I stayed here with my friend's family for a night on Friday 29 March - to be honest, the hotel itself is average, but to sleep there for a night, it's absolutely fine.  My problem wasn't with the facilities however, but the way in which the staff dealt with some unruly guests has left a sour taste in my mouth.  As we were approaching the hotel to check in, we were swiftly followed by a large group of teenage boys from Germany.  Of course, given the size of the party and the fact that they were already shouting and whooping in the street, I raised my eyebrows, but I soon put it to the back of my mind.  Unfortunately however, at 11.45pm, the fun and games started as the boys started running up and down the corridor outside our room, screaming and slamming doors.   This continued…",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or40-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Low price, but convenient ","Regularly end up here if I’m trying to save money. Generally quiet street, hotel has seen better days but is kept clean, and needs money spent on it. Breakfast included is basic continental, have to wait for toast to arrive. Wi-fi available but only in foyer. Two tube stations less than 10 minutes walk away, as well as pubs, restaurants and supermarkets",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or40-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Nowhere to store luggage,"There is nowhere to leave the luggage and the management is like leave it in the lobby for your own risk, we take no responsibility and you can't check in a second earlier than 2 pm. And this seems to be just the begging of a nightmare.",Date of stay: March 2019,2.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or40-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Last Minute Booking,"Myself and my partner visited London last weekend to see School of Rock at the theatre, and we decided last minute to change our Airbnb accommodation to a hotel booking instead.  We came across the Pembridge Palace Hotel and despite the mixed reviews, opted to stay here as it is located so conveniently and for such a good price. Despite feeling some apprehension about what we were turning up to, we were actually perfectly happy with the customer service, room standard, and cleanliness of the hotel.  Yes admittedly, it is dated and could do with a few changes, but the beds were comfy, we had a television in our room, own private bathroom, and breakfast included for only £42.  Our one grievance was that I had a slightly disturbed nights sleep due to the fire alarm going off a few…",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or40-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Well of course - the Pembridge!!,"Well what can I say? I’ve stayed at best western and the grape tree several time on holiday, travelled lots. But this is generally the best hotal I’ve stayed in. Breakfast was lush and great service. X",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or45-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Della Vecchia’s Family,This hotel is very good for more destinations near Metro bayswater and QueenswayThe location of the hote gave us the chance to visit many interesting places in london very close to portobello roads and notting hill  the receptionist is very courtesy thanks Raouf 😉,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or45-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap ,"Hotel is cheap as it can be , but 10 min walk from Hyde Park and London Centre. So very good location. Had a double room on 4th floor as i requested. Bed is ok, bath was clean and baby got cot bed next to out bed. No sheets tho, but after short call to reception, got everything i need :) Breakfast included so that is very handy and good. Breakfast egg , coffee, toast, kellogs,greek jogurt,tea and fruits. we did like the breakfast. Not happy about the fire allarm in the middle of the night.  But with this price and location and breakfast- its worth. Stayed for one night, and did not want to spend a lot of money. Free parking after 1:30",Date of stay: January 2019,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or45-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not chic,"I've been in London two times, and both times I've stayed at the Pembridge palace hotel (PPH). Not because it's the perfect hotel, but because it's probably the cheapest in London if you want a real room, not a dormitory.  However, if you're about to stay in the PPH, you have to be ready to settle with the bare minimum. Indeed, you won't have any space in the room (two beds, the bathroom and a very very little table, so we were putting our belongings on the beds during the day and on the ground between the beds and the bathroom during the night). You might have a bathtub, but without the bathtub plug, even if you ask specially for it. You will have some hazelnut cream for your breakfast, but it's definitely not Nutella, it only has the color of it (and the food of the breakfast…",Date of stay: December 2018,3.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or45-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing value for a London hotel,"Although not right in the centre of London, this hotel is only 5 - 10  minutes walk from busy Queensway and Bayswater or Queensway underground stations. Prices vary but my own was only £36 for two for a night, including a continental breakfast. My double room was small but well-appointed with a shower and loo.   Some evidence of lack of housekeeping was evident which means it doesn't deserve a 5 star rating; the plug in my washbasin didn't work, nor did the lock on the bathroom door. A kettle was provided with the usual tea and coffee-making items, which is a nice touch for such a good-value hotel. However, the kettle was too tall to fit under the tap, so it had to be filled by using a cup to decant the water from the tap to the kettle (else using the shower head). The mains…",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or45-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Adequate ,"What an experience. Breakfast included but you had better enjoy boiled eggs, cucumber, tomatoes and cold toast. After 5 days we went out for something instead.   We booked 2 rooms for the 7 of us including 2 double beds but instead got a room with 5 singles and another with a double and single. The 5 singles were in a room with an added mezzanine floor which unless you are 6 you couldn’t stand up on and 2 of the beds were up there.   The water in the shower was stone cold unless you got up super early or left it till mid afternoon.  The cleaning staff were good and our room was vacuumed and made up each day with no hassles.   For its price it was ok but I don’t see us returning any time soon ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or50-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,"We stayed there last weekend I haven't seen dirtier, noisier and uncomfortable place before! Maybe in the army back in the 90's! The breakfast was in the basement in a very tiny place and people had to wait in long ques. Dirty blankets, broken windows and filthy carpets. It is overpriced, so please don't waste your money and time there.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or50-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Nice economy hotel for a busy stay,"This hotel is located near the Bayswater tube stop, which is about a 10-minute walk.  It's near good restaurants/eateries and grocery stores and overlooks a quiet street and a park.  The rooms are small so I had to basically keep my suitcase packed and zipped up at night because there was no room to keep it open.  The hotel itself is old - our TV wasn't working when we arrived (though they fixed it right away once we asked) and the doorframe of our room was cracked (one hard push from the outside with the deadbolt in and it would have been easy access into our room) - and WiFi, though strong, is only available in the lobby.  But the staff were very friendly and helpful and the included breakfast was plentiful.  It isn't anything fancy but if you are spending most of your time…",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or50-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good luck staying here,"Worst hotell i have stayed at. beds are not sanitary, the blankets given are not washed and the housekeepers does not clean the room when you are gone. the area around the hotel are full of drugheads and my last night here was terrible when a group of people stood outside blasting music and skreaming at 03.49 i didnt sleep that night at all. the walls are thin and my neihbors were talking loudly and slamming the doors at nighttime. the hotel were generally dirty with big stains on the carpet and the breakfast were bland  Good luck staying here",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or50-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Ok location, that is all. ",I came here on an extra day from my study abroad. It was reminiscent to a hostile. I was given a tiny room that had a separate bathroom down the hall. I ended up paying extra to have your room with my own bathroom however I was placed along the street in a room with no air conditioning. The room was Tiny and the he was also just too small. The only wife I was in the lobby and the food options are Slim. Fortunately I only stayed one night,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or50-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER AGAIN!!! NOT FAMILY FRIENDLY,We went on a family holiday with our 8 month old and it was the worst experience. The room was so small we didn't have enough space to allow the baby to crawl or move around. We were given a cot with a dirty mattress and no sheets. The breakfast was horrible. Nothing suitable for children only sugar filled cereals. When I asked for scrambled egg I was rudely told.. We don't do that here.  It's only what's out.   Most of the staff were nice but others made us feel so uncomfortable.   Bed was comfortable but the fire alarm went off 5 times on Friday night !   It wasn't a pleasant experience so please don't waste your money or time.,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or55-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing and not value for money,"Although this hotel has some good points, overall it was not value for money.   Good points were restricted to the following: Very pleasant staff, comfortable bed and a decent location, being less than 10 minutes walk from Bayswater tube station.  However, those are outweighed by the bad points: Old and badly maintained. Small bedrooms. Small breakfast / dining room. Poor selection for breakfast. Fixed shower head. Small television. Limited storage space and hangers. Wifi only available at or near reception desk.  There were other issues, that may have been uncommon. However, the fire alarm went off on our first night, just before 11:00pm. It was cancelled very quickly, only to go off again within seconds, before being silenced again. When I asked about this the following…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or55-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,"Very old furnishings and looked run down.  The room was tiny with old looking bedspreads and uncomfortable mattresses.  There was no dead bolt lock on the door, so had to put the bags against it.  TV did not work.  Called for a cab the next morning at 6am.  Driver showed up promptly but did not feel it was a licensed cab driver.  He was in a big hurry to get us in the car and wanted cash up front, there was also no meter in the car.  He charged us 20 pounds where it was 12 pounds the night before to come to hotel  Would have requested another cab but needed to be at Kings Cross train station for a 7am booking so no time to wait.  Did not get a receipt from hotel so called to request one be emailed.  Front desk person said we had booked through Expedia so they needed to supply…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or55-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",disgusting.,"The hotel decor seems reminiscient of the bubonic plague of london in 1666, or maybe it was due to the quanity of people seemily doing drugs in the evening on the street the hotel is on - i had booked 4 nights, stayed 1 and then left.   this hotel is dirty, does not feel safe to stay in - i propped the chair up against the interior of the door to ensure the crackheads infesting the street stayed out. the lifts don't work properly, the room was dirty, they may have just used steel wire for the towels - it felt the same.  do not, for whatever reason, even consider staying here. no matter how cheap, this is not worth it - for your own sanity.",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or55-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs!,"This is a very run down property that needs major cleaning and updating. They do not have a luggage room and check in is at 2 pm. As we got there at 8 am, this made us sit in the lobby for 5 hours since there was no where to store our things. The room was a twin. I measured it as I could not believe how small the room was. The bedroom was 7.5 ft by 10.5 ft and the bathroom was 6 ft by 4.5 ft. The pedestal sink is very small and had a major crack in it. This property does not have A/C. The maids are not to be trusted as we had several things stolen. Once advised of this, the front desk said that they are not responsible for anything left in the rooms. The included breakfast consisted of toast, boiled eggs, sliced tomatoes, cheese, cucumbers, cold cereals, frozen orange juices and…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or55-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Room was small dirty compact,Location was great no doubt.. but rooms were too old and there were bed bugs.. not comfortable.. the blankets were really rough but rest everything else was fine .. there was no wifi for free.. congested room,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or60-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Knowing London, I knew that for the price I paid I wouldn't get much out of the hotel (and I don't need much, really, seeing that I don't tend to spend too much time in hotels when away, anyway), I was rather disappointed in this one. The hotel's saving graces are: the size of the room was sufficient for just me; the location is amazing - three tube stations nearby, a number of pubs and restaurants, too, as well as few convenience stores just in case, not to mention that the Hyde Park is so close; the building itself looks amazing from the outside; the staff were nice. Now the bad points: the bathroom was a joke in size as the shower cubicle was just about big enough for me to stand with my arms by my sides and that's it; the first time I've used the lift has put me off using…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or60-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Near by to an underground station,"I booked it for a night as I was not sure where to stay. It was less expensive and very near to the underground station. Room and Washroom was clean, they had kettle in the room , in case you'd like to have coffee-tea, etc. beds were comfortable and it could easily accommodate three guests as it had two separate beds.  Hotel offered good breakfast. Whatever they offered was of good taste, one can enjoy English breakfast really well. Place can accommodate good number of people. I will recommend this place if your are travelling with friends or a couple.  ",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or60-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good enough,I stayed here on my own. Single room with a nice Georgian Terrece view across the road. My room and sheets are clean. Helpful staff breakfast is just enough to fuel my day. They could do a proper English Breakfast as an option. Near to the Bayswater station and pubs and restaurant which is very handy enough for all travellers. Bikes hire and Princess Diana's park just across the road and easy to find the hotel safe area! Ideally perfect for budget travellers who has less fuss in their skin. X,Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or60-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Nice zone, but obsolete building ","This hotel is close to Bayswater Underground station, it’s a very nice location, but the build is so old the rooms are very small, it should be restructured: the moquette is old, the lifts too. At least it was pretty clean! The breakfast was poor, it cannot be called “international breakfast”. My personal advice: go away. ",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or60-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Ridiculous service,"My sister stayed here with a friend and the room was in her friends name. After an argument the friend checked out and my sister had to leave the room aswell..in the middle of the night!  In all the years I've worked in different hotels myself, I have never witnessed this much crap.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or65-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Pay more, go elsewhere","The only good thing about this hotel is the location. It’s ideally situated for Kensington, Hyde Park, Portabello Rd etc.  The architecture in the area is beautiful and it’s so sad to see this hotel and others in this stretch of road, left to decay.   The bedrooms are very small, so very hot and no air conditioning.  The area is also noisy. The hotel charge you £20 up front in case of damages and you get this back when you leave. This  is a bit of joke considering the tv was cracked, both the lampshades were broken, the curtains had torn linings and the bathroom had cracked tiles. Not sure where the damage money is being used when guests have neglected the rooms.   Breakfast is continental, not really us but we did know this when we booked and decided not to have it. The…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or65-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't let the bad reviews scare you.,"We were initially booked into a luxury condo that was too far from all of the main attractions. When we called the booking agency we were told this was all that was available so we took it. We did not have time to read reviews and we're glad we didn't, it's not as bad as it sounds! It is located very close to Kensington Palace and Hyde Park and we felt completely safe there. All we wanted in a hotel was clean beds and a shower with hot water and good water pressure. We got this, at a great price. The breakfast was an unexpected surprise. Yes, the rooms were hot, but we asked for a fan and the staff accommodated. They also let us put our cold drinks in their bar fridge in the lobby. Since our room was close to the lobby, we got free Wi-Fi in the room, however, we often chose to…",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or65-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","First half of stay- terrible.Second half - ok. I guess.","We arrived here on a Monday and because our train was late, we arrived later than planned but not to worry. Anyway we checked in about 3pm on the Monday and were told that we had to pay a £20 deposit, to be given this back when we check out. We were confused and explained that we hadn’t booked the hotel on their official website so we didn’t know this, but we paid it and got to our room......only to find out that it was a twin room. We asked about this and because the booking hadn’t stated that we were a couple, they booked us into a twin room. We wanted to head out straight away so I said “let’s just leave it... at least we have a place to stay” and headed out.  The first night we realised how uncomfortable we were in single beds and I easily awoke, trying to get used to this…",Date of stay: July 2018,2.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or65-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely rude staff - Told off by the receptionist for no reason.,"The only redeeming factor about this place was its location. Understandably it is a budget hotel - however, simplicity should not be confused with substandard services.   The receptionist was rude to myself and my father. We witnessed him being rude to other guests too. For example, when I asked about whether or not we could leave our luggages in the reception before checking in, He responded, verbatim ""Ok, first of all, calm down,"" before he answered my question patronisingly. I was neither loud, nor was I angry at this man when I asked my question. In any event, this kind of response is uncalled for, and this attitude soured every impression I had about this hotel. What if he was speaking to a non-english speaking guest struggling to ask a question? I shudder to think of his…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or65-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible! ,"We arrived at this hotel after traveling for 2 days only to find that there is no air conditioning in the rooms. When I asked about AC, the manager told me that they don’t have to publish what they don’t have only what they do have. The manager offered us a fan! No refund and told us that their other properties were full and could not help us anymore. Needless to say we left!!! Not a good way to start off our trip in London! Not sure how this hotel even got 2 stars!",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or70-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Brief London stay,we booked this hotel as we needed a hotel close to Hyde Park as we were attending a concert. the price was very reasonable. the staff were friendly and the location was convenient. unfortunately despite the room being clean and tidy - it was extremely hot due to the good weather and there was no way of cooling it down as the window didn't open very far. the breakfast was as described. the room was ensuite which was nice but it was simply too hot and we barely slept. another time of year might be a different experience. otherwise it was worth the money.,Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or70-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!!!,"Me and my friends are not ones to complain however the conditions our room that we paid for were in were honestly appalling. As soon as we entered the room the suffocating pungent smell of marajuana which was extremely offputting from the start. In addition to this the room was extremely disorderly and the room generally didn’t appear looked after in the slightest, this includes stains on the moth balls duvets and itchy materials. This isn’t even the end of it, the shower curtain was broken therefore water got all over the floor and the actually shower was faulty causing obvious issues. After a night we raised our concerns with the room to the members of staff. Who despite also being extremely rude and disrespectful didn’t take us seriously. We had to ask our teacher with us to…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or70-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,"A horrible hotel, we knew that it is a 3 star hotel so did not expect fancy rooms, but rooms were very dirty, broken windows, damaged and dangerous sockets, furniture VERY VERY old and stained walls, bedspreads and sheets! To top it all, on our last night we saw silverfish insects behind the bed coming up to the ceiling. Unfriendly staff, not helpful at all especially guest care hosts and they are not fluent in English language. Very disappointed and will not return for sure.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or70-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Love this location,"This is an older hotel in a lovely quiet location close to Hyde Park, and good restaurants. We stayed for 5 nights and really enjoyed it. The wifi was only available in the reception area and it was not very good, but going there meant we met lots of other guests staying in the hotel.  The breakfast area was a little small, with a limited buffet choice but it was adequate for the price. Communal tables meant that guests also interacted.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or70-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel, great price","Stayed here for 2 nights with my mother as it was one of the cheapest hotels we could find. Price was fairly decent in comparison to other hotels in London as well as it being so close to the Royal Wedding. Got to say that the hotel could do with some updates however I don’t expect a 5 star hotel for the price we payed. Staff were all friendly on arrival, the were willing to book a taxi for us as well as give us directions, they couldn’t do enough for you. Breakfast was included however it was continental, there was not a lot but they had something for everyone eg, toast with variety of jam, Nutella and so on. They had a choice of cereal, fruit cocktails and also had boiled eggs, cheese , tomato, cucumber and so on.  We booked this hotel before looking at the reviews so we were…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or75-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Small space and bad attendants,"My room was extremely small I could barely open my luggage. The bathroom was a few steps away. The breakfast had very few options. Wouldn't come back. One of the attendants started talking to me one night when I was in the living room using the hotel wi-fi... typical small talk, asking if I was single, my room number! I gave him the wrong number. This is just unacceptable!",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or75-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",NIGHTLY VISIT,"Well I was in London working and used this hotel for a week. Not the cleanest and needs money spent on it. This is my experience one night here,- I'm a light sleeper and at 2.15am I felt something on my bed! Woke up and there was a RAT on my bed!! I've not jumped up so quick and actually let out a bit of wee!! Stormed to reception where the gentleman behind desk thought it was funny. I was fuming!! I just went to work! In morning and got a room swap!! No apology from manager. All I got was yes it's a big hotel it happens. Will not return to this hotel again.",Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or75-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Last minute booking... won’t return!! ,"This is not a thee star hotel.. far from it. I would rate it as 1* for the following reasons:   - No quilt on the bed, just a sheet and 1 old very unattractive brown wool blanket. Luckily despite booking a double we had an extra 2 single beds in our room so we took the blankets from there to keep warm.   - Plaster falling off the walls.   - We had a room over two tiers, but the ceiling in our bedroom was so low we couldn’t stand up. The plaster was cracked and messy above our bed so not a nice view to have less than 1metre away from your face!   - Excessive noise until past 3am from other guests and this was on a Wednesday night! We paid £70 for this. Cheap by London prices but you do not get much for your money.   - Average breakfast.. toast and tinned fruit.   The bathroom was…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or75-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible terrible,"We thought of having sellected a nice last minute hotel. We can not describe the horrible experience. No duvet, just old prison blankets No curtains with blackouts No proper amenities , all left dirty in a tray At 8am the room ATTENDANTS  started to work and it is like a flee market where they were chatting  loudly in the corridor within nor than 50 feet from one another, making sure they wake the guests from entire floor so the could clean the room. Breakfast serviced untill 9am on a Saturday. So you are awaken by the room ATTENDANTS  before  8am. Toilet, terrible. no shampoos nor conditioner, just 2in1. No blackout curtains.  No worth your money  ",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or75-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Serviceable base for a city break,"Getting there: tube to either Bayswater (closest) or Queensway. Only a short walk from either.  The hotel was easy to find, in a good location. Upon arrival, we were informed that there was no luggage area and that the hotel would not assume responsibility for any loss of belongings - as such, we chose to spend our first couple of hours at breakfast and walking the local high street before returning at our allotted check-in time.  Our room was perhaps austere but serviceable. The main light didn’t work, and the shower was more ‘dribble’ than ‘power’. The sheets were rather itchy, but the beds were fine. Breakfast was admittedly basic, but that was to be expected when paying cheap rates.  I do feel that a secure area for luggage should be a priority in what is a very busy…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or80-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not a place I’d return to.,"First of all: yes, the location is great, so if you’re just looking for a place to sleep for the weekend, this should have been a great hotel, alas... The hotel is run down, I got a room in the emergency exit area, with stairs from the small bedroom down to the bathroom and my god...  The bathroom had dust on the floor-tiles, dirt between the tiles and a shower/bathtub that didn’t exactly scream “use me!”. It was filthy. Even worse; one day after the bed had been fixed, there were marks on both the duvet and on the bedsheet.  Obviously it didn’t make me wanna sleep there.  All of that aside, the breakfast was horrible, no selection at all, so we went elsewhere to grab some for the rest of our stay. We only slept there, which was bad enough.  It seemed as though the staff didn’t…",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or80-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Oh what a surprise! BLISS!,"Having read some of the reviews of this hotel, we were expecting something rather different to what we have been offered. A lovely room with an almost new bathroom. Lovely beds, bedding and towels. Continental breakfast is fine too: good variety of jams etc. Cereals, toast etc. The staff here are very pleasant and helpful.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or80-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Ultimate Little Women experience plus possible death by pneumonia,"For £30 the night with breakfast I wasn't expecting a Palace, but the reason I took the room was to spend the night somewhere warm and there was no chance in this place. I got given the kind of room that you give the young, single traveller, which is fine if there are a few givens. There were not. The room was not in the main corridor but in the outer side of the staircase, it had clearly been designed as a storage room and the whole wall was a huge window. The main radiator was not working, there was a portable one that at maximum heat did nothing to warm up the room, I had to sleep in my hoodie and with two extra blankets on.  On top of this, since this was not really meant to be a room, there was no bathroom, I was given a key to a small toilet with shower... two flights of…",Date of stay: January 2018,3.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or80-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant stay.,"Was worried reading the reviews. This place probably was a palace at one stage but unfortunately not renovation to top spec. Room spotless. TV small but loads of channels. Location fab once you find it. Breakfast fab. Loads and no waiting on table. Excellent value for money.  On the down side, rooms noisy and you can hear everything in the upstairs room. We ended up a bit sleep deprived. Would I stay again. Hell yeah of course it's London after all.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or80-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for + mice!,"Think the price for a London hotel is too good to be true? You're right. It's not very clean and the elevators are dodgy and slightly terrifying. The best part was when a mouse came out to visit while we were trying to watch the 12"" TV. We moved rooms but it wasn't exactly the hotel extras I was hoping for. The desk staff are nice enough but everyone else was surly and the maintenance man who brought me an item wed left in the mouse room was downright rude. Barely a step above a sketchy hostel.",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or85-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Surprisingly better than expected ,"After reading all the negative and harrowing reviews, I was not looking forward at all to this stay at Pembridge Palace Hotel for 6 days. We had booked this through Dream Trips and a was non-refundable. I wrote an email to the hotel a week before arrival to request a better room but there was no reply. As it got closer, I decided to call them directly. The receptionist was very kind and helpful. She provided me with the correct email address to resend my email in which I requested a newly refurbished family room. My email was answered immediately and we were promised a refurbished duplex family room for five. Upon arrival, we were checked in by a friendly receptionist. Everything was as planned. We checked the room and it was all very clean including the bathroom. This was a…",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or85-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel was ok a bit bad but the location was great,Hotel was ok a bit bad but the location was great.. it is located near Hyde park and marble arch and bays water ! The location gets 100 points tho the hotel is not that great for families. You have to walk a lot to get a bus or train.,Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or85-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Football trip to London,"We stayed here during our visit to London. The hotel is old but nice and close to stores,  restaurants, pubs and subway. The rooms are small,  so its best to either have the room for yourself or with your friend. Remember that the hotel is old, so u will here noices from the floor. The elevator is really slow and sadly u will hear noices from the other guests when they chat, puke or other stuff. The hotel is cheap and therefore best fitted for guys weekend or simular. The breakfast is plain. The staff are very friendly",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or85-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"We booked a 8 days stay,for a triple room. Where to start from.. It's an old place, full of dust, poor hygiene,bed linen are old and dont smell like the're any washed.Extremly small room, furnitures and walls stained and rooms door not safe at all.Noisy at any time, walls made of paper, we could hear people walking, talking. A fire alarm went on any time during the nights. Wifi doesnt exist even we're told it would. Receptionists and rest of the stuff dont seem to like what they do. Unprofessional team. Breakfast is served in an ugly room,worn out and poor quality of everything. The location is very good though. ",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or85-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel for Price,"Stayed for one night this week and selected this hotel as it was the cheapest hotel I could find online that was not a hostel or dormitory.  For the price I was not expecting much but was pleasantly surprised. It is very close to Bayswater underground station and set in a nice area of London.  The decor in the hotel is a bit dated in places but I everything was clean and well maintained. The room was small but most are in London, and have had a five star of the same size before. I was on the 4th floor which had nice views of the garden and surrounding buildings.  All the staff I encountered were pleasant. The morning receptionist on Friday was particularly friendly and helpful.  Breakfast was a simple continental buffet which suited me fine and was included in the price. I was…",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or90-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",It was ok.,"The room was small but this is typical of London. The bathroom was spotlessly clean but the room itself, while “clean” had stained carpets and was rough around the edges. The covers on the beds looked very old. The hotel has an elevator which was a bonus and unusual for the area.   Breakfast was fine. Continental.   WiFi in the lobby but not the rooms.   The hotel is 5 mins away from Bayswater station and 15 mins away from the national express stop at paddington.   It’s perfectly fine for a one or two night budget trip if you’re going to be out sightseeing but if you’re staying for a week I don’t know if I’d recommended it. ",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or90-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Roast dinner ,Lovely place to visit but a cooked roast dinner well meat is prossed been spoilt with carverys meat much nicer. Staff should be more happy as looking like there fed up with working there very formal towards you ,Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or90-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Really bad and very run-down hotel,"This hotel is very run down, very old and must have been last probably in the 1970s. The interior is just run-down, dark brown furniture, the rooms are ridiculously small with no room to neither store away your luggage nor your clothes. The bathroom is super small, super narrow, but clean. There were disgusting stains on the bed blankets and the wall next to the bed. The breakfast is a skimpy selection of toasted toast, milk, some cereal, fruits, eggs, jelly, coffee, tea and that's it. At least there is a breakfast included in the room prize. Again, the hotel is really VERY old and needs renovation badly. Also, the attitude of staff was very bad. The woman at the front desk had us waiting for about 10 minutes while continuing her apparently private conversation at the phone…",Date of stay: November 2017,1.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or90-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Very old fashioned,"Booked this hotel very last minute and was able to check in very easily.  The hotel itself needs a lot of work to it as my room was decorated in the 70s and left. Very old tv as well in the room.  Location  is handy for the tube, about a 10 min walk. For the price you pay for the hotel I think there are much better options in London.",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or90-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"Best thing about it is location. Really good comunication with the rest of London. Rooms are really small and they dont have internet. Breakfast is always the same(eggs,butter, bread), staff is good. It is clean. ",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or95-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",not as bad as it looked reading the reviews,"I stayed in this hotel for 3 days during the school trip with my 30 students, we expected the worst , but i was pleased al in all. The location is perfect kensington garden is five minutes walk away, the rroms are not bad , small but not terrible, clean,facilities ok and the staff at the reception very nice and helpful.Breakfast not so great , continental but really not rich and varied. It's ok for 2 , 3 days.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or95-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Poor rooms, poor attitude ","We arrived after a long day traveling. We were given a room. Off we went to deposit our bags, card in, door opened, room full of someone else's belongings 🙄back off to reception, where the lady almost didn't believe there were people in the room already! We were the offered a room with four single beds, given that we booked a double room four months earlier they had no reason for a room to not be ready for our arrival, so we refused the offer! What then followed was a heated discussion between the lady and gentleman on reception, while we wearily looked on. Following this we we quite rudely told we would have a small room in the basement!  This time the room was empty! The room smelt damp, the walls were damp, the shower was mouldy, the room dirty and covered in dust! This room…",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or95-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in london,"I have booked 2 night at the hotel and had to leave after one night. The hotel is just a nightmare and it just not a hotel, it's a very low quality bad hostel. How do I start; first room is very small, bed is not comfortable, sleepless night as you hear the people walking outside the room and on the rooms above you, breakfast is very very poor, staff are the most unprofessional people you could face, NEVER book there as it will just ruin your holiday",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or95-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Ehh,The staff was nice and the hotel itself wasn't bad but our room was in the basement of the hotel and the room was very cramped and near a window where people kept smoking and talking loudly at night.  Maid service was good too tho and they have breakfast everyday ,Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or95-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant surprise,"My husband booked this hotel and I didn't look at the reviews until a few days before we went. I must admit that I was expecting the worse but was pleasantly surprised. I knew already that the location was excellent and on arrival I appreciated the look of the street.  Our check-in was fine and we were pleased that there was a lift to our 4th floor room as this is not always the case in a city hotel in a long-established building. The room wasn't large although I've stayed in smaller ones! But it was clean and light and had everything that we needed. The kettle and hairdryer were an added bonus. There was hanging storage and drawers, a light on each side of the bed and a good TV. The view (back of hotel) was lovely, looking onto private gardens. OK, so the wifi was only in the…",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or100-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Should get better ,"I know it's not a 5 start  hotel ,however it's not good for a 3 start either . A lot of hostels would be cleaner and more organised at breakfast . Never seen such a chaos to grab a coffee and a toast !  Location is great but the hotel must improve .. higiene is an easy start . ",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or100-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Expensive for what it is,"I paid I I considered good money for a half decent hotel in London wasn't expecting any more than travelodge type style, I was put in what can only be described as the cellar there was bars on the windows because I was below ground level complete lost phone signal so my clients couldn't get hold of me and I could not talk to the office while in the room, the breakfast was a joke I will not be using this place again very very expensive for Crap room ",Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or100-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre,"London's hotels are expensive and obviously one tries to keep the costs low. It was our case: we found this hotel online and we were well aware of its reputation so we didn't have high expectations. It does have some advantages: it's located just a few minutes away from two underground stations and it is cheap compared to many other hotels in London. The rooms are cleaned quickly and superficially. My room was very tiny, had very old windows, and on the rear of my cushion and on a towel I found what I thought to be the remnants of blood spots but that's ok, I can adapt to almost anything.  The breakfast was instead a pain: the choice of foods really minimal, not to mention the quality (and also, you don't seriously offer cheese slices without ham or anything of the sort to…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or100-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay here,The familyroom was not a familyroom. It was a twinroom where you had squized in an extra bed. You could hear people everywhere. The personnel looked tired of their jobs. The bath was so dangerous. That this is a 3 star hotel is a joke. ,Date of stay: July 2017,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or100-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",RAZOR BLADE ON BED - ATTEMPTED FRAUD ON RENEGED REFUND OFFER,"This entire stay was a disgrace. After I arrived tired I jumped onto the bed only to notice a razor blade on the other side of the bed - had I lay down on that side i would have badly cut my back. On reporting it to reception, the staff member just shrugged and took it from me - no apology.  Shortly after I reported that the light in the bathroom was flickering very badly and would be unbearable for morning shower - another shrug and the bulb was not replaced.  Then I went to enquire as to internet not working - another shrug, I was told that the wifi was only available in the lobby even though their expedia listing still up at the time showed internet was in rooms - listing was updated the following week after my complaint.  Finally after eventually agreeing to a 50% refund…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or105-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location. Friendly staff.,"The best thing about the hotel is the staff. They are wonderful and extremely helpful. The breakfast was generous. The rooms were clean. The water pressure and heat in the shower was excellent and that is coming from an American who showers several times a day. The location is terrific a few blocks from Hyde Park and Kensington Park with close proximity to Bayswater and Queensway underground and Paddington Station. Walking distance to Portabello Road, and plenty of places to eat on Queensway. Our group of 11 enjoyed our stay. The hotel was full but it was not noisy.   My only complaint is that the wi-fi can be a bit slow at times, and you can't call between rooms.",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or105-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotell,"For a short visit this is a good Budget hotell that can be cleande more, hade som dust and spider webbs. Brakfast hade a small selektions of tost, boild egg and yoghurt. Close to city and park, nice aria.   ",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or105-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but clean!  perfectly adequate for a budget trip,"I stayed here in the 5 bed family room. Room was a little dated and basic but clean. Beds looked newish and had memory foam mattresses which I inspected and were clean as was the bedding. Bathroom clean too not huge and luxurious like other hotels but more like your family bathroom at home.   Breakfast basic but adequate and included a constant supply of toast, warm eggs, salad items, fruit, cheese and cereals.   Staff friendly and helpful.  Excellent for the underground which was just a few minutes walk away.  If you are looking for somewhere clean just to lay your head after a busy day sightseeing this hotel will be fine.  If you are looking for a luxury hotel this isn't the place!  I would stay here again the price was amazing and I wouldn't see the need for a luxury hotel if…",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or105-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not Impressed,"Made a booking about 2 months in advance, but when we booked in we got placed in a room in the basement.  The room was extremely small; two people could barely be in the room at the same time unless it was time to go to bed.  The room was right next to the lift and the restaurant so there was constant noise.  At least the room was very clean.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or105-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",All ok,"Not bad for a less expensive London Hotel. Needs a bit of love, the outside and shared spaces needed a real good clean. Rooms are ok. Clean, not to small. No frills. Front desk staff are all pretty in attentive. No help with any bags, 5 bags between 2 woman and they (2 men) just sat and watched us.  Great location and to be fair that's why I picked up. 5-10min walk to Nottinghill, Kensington Gardens, Bayswater Road",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or110-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Small boutique hotel like home, great for school groups","I stayed here on a school trip in April 2017. We were expecting the worst based on other reviews we read on trip advisor prior to coming. We were in a small room on the 4th floor. The rooms were clean although there was a musty smell that we easily adjusted to. The rooms were dated, but had a bed, a shower and a tv, what more could you want? The bathrooms were clean with all the amenities you may need. The rooms are serviced daily, they remake your bed and fold your towels, but they aren't replaced daily. The floors were very creaky. Our teachers who were directly below us heard us walking around late at night which kept them up all night, we weren't aware. The elevators are very slow. They work perfectly fine, but I suggest you take the stairs. The rooms are warm and cosy, just…",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or110-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Never ever - NIkdy více,"We did online booking May 2nd., the very next day our hearing impaired son found deaf friends and we did immediately cancelled the booking with proper explanation. It took almost 6 days to get the answer from the hotel. On May 15 they charged our card 33 pounds!!! Nikdy neprovadějte online booking přímo s tímto hotelem, sebelepší důvod okamžitého zrušení rezervace Vás bude stát minimálně 1500 Kč. We are very much looking forward to hear their explanation! Strašný přístup, terrible attitude.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or110-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",When all rooms are booked..,"Small rooms with three beds or more! Crowded and very frustrating. Had to place a chair in the closet to get access to floor space, no sockets!! No food to find except the not to great breakfast.    xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx",Date of stay: May 2017,2.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or110-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Disgraceful - do not stay here.,"My room had no bathroom even though my booking said I did, they said they had wifi - they didn't. Room was very cold, hotel is completely outdated and staff weren't very helpful. TV hardly worked too.",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or110-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't waste your time and precious money here,"Guys, don't waste your energy and precious money, this is probably the first time I decided to WARN my fellow travelers and ask them to AVOID as much as possible this place. The service is below terrible standards, the receptionist was too busy chating on the phone to even make eye contact upon our arrival. Not only he was rude but also seemed too comfortable in his chair to stand up to greet us. Poor service, horrible decor, quite old and filthy. AVOID!!! The good news is that there are many other new hotels in London and you will probably find something reasonably price and far better service and quality for the price. Good Luck¡",Date of stay: May 2017,1.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or115-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",It's ok,"Booked this hotel for a 2 night stay in London to go to a show.  The outside of the hotel is lovely and the street it's on is very traditional.  Unfortunately the inside doesn't match this exterior.  It's quite dated and staff aren't very engaging.  Our room was a twin room on the top floor and was very tiny, there was a very fusty smell lingering possibly from either old beds or carpet from the days when you could smoke in the rooms. Having said that the sheets were clean, the bathroom although small was functional and reasonably clean. The location is good, 10 mins walk to Hyde park, nearest tubes are Queensway and Bayswater so you can be at Westminster within 10 mins.  The main road just round the corner from the hotel is well equipped with bars and restaurants and felt safe…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or115-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location,The hotel is somewhat rundown and old but makes up for it with price and location. Had a perfect stay here allowing us to meet friends easily and get around London.The room was warm and comfortable. Wi-Fi is only at  reception unfortunately. Breakfast was included and basic but adequate,Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or115-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Really Nice Hotel,"Stayed here for a concert at 229 The Venue, very close by which was convenient for the concert. Staff were lovely, especially the receptionist when we messed up who'd booked the room but managed to get it sorted quickly and with no problem. Bed was a decent size and very comfortable. Outside noise was quite loud but we expected that for London.  Overall would definitely stay here again if attending a concert at 229.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or115-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pembridge Palace Hotel is not a palace and almost not a hotel either. More a hostel or something.,"I often book hotels that are not so fancy. That is perhaps the best way to really appreciate the good hotel you book the next day. But this time I took it too far. The name of this hotel is OK, the location and the look of it from outside is also Ok. But...  Well a picture says more that 1000 words, so take a look on the pictures I attach. This is my personal record in small hotel rooms so far. The bathroom was on another floor and it was ice cold. I mean really ice cold.   Well I don't think I need to comment this stay anymore. I don't blame the ""hotel"". I chose it myself. And I really enjoyed the hotel I stayed at afterwards so my strategy worked once again:-)",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or115-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't try to change days!,"​Called the hotel and wanted to change our three day stay from 21-24/4, Friday-Monday to 23-26/4, Sunday-Wednesday. We suddenly had a funeral to attend on Friday. The woman I spoke to said that I had to call hotels.com and so I did. They said it was up to the hotel to change our booking. I also emailed the hotel twice and tried to explain our situation. Pembridge Palace Hotel have not answered. I know there are rooms availiable. They just don't bother because I have prepaid the room.  So I will book a room at another hotel with another booking-company. In the future hotels.com will not be my first choice when booking a room anywhere in this wonderful world. Booking Pembridge Palace Hotel will never ever happen.",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or120-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pembridge palace hotel,"Very very small room, moderately clean definitely not spotless. Breakfast was good and simple -continental style but you need to reserve your time to eat the night before. It was close to attractions and restaurants and the tube station. I wouldn't stay again though. Good for near sites and cheap stay.",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or120-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","So, so..","Well, the thing that was really annoying was the poor service at brekfast and poor breakfast itself not to go into further details. The wifi in the lobby and not in the room was also a bad option. The only thing because I booked this hotel was the area which was good and well connected with tube.",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or120-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad at all!!,"Stayed around the area before in another hotel, and didnt really enjoy the experience. Hence, at bit hesitant to stay at Pembridge.   But, it was a great 4 days 3 nights there. Smooth checked-in, clean room, adequate breakfast and nice, helpful staf. More importantly, free wifi. Near to lots of attractions. Will stay again.",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or120-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Dirt Bed sheets and Pillow sheets,"I visited The Pembridge Palace Hotel in London along with my wife and daughter, we arrived at mid night, we where horrified by the quality of the rooms, beds, and bed sheets.  They were dirty and stained, I went to the reception to complain the man at the reception was unhelpful because he know nothing about this problem and how to solve it. No night housekeeping staff available to change the sheets. We were offered another room on the safe floor but after we inspected this other room it was worse than the one we were offered, we decided to leave the hotel and look some where else.",Date of stay: February 2017,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or120-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A 3 night stay with a baby!,"at first I knew not to expect much because i read the previous reviews before i travelled, but thought id gave them the benefit of the doubt and see for myself. the entrance into the hotel isn´t suitable for a pram or wheelchair user, pram in our case. The young girl on the reception was friendly but not much else. Our room was on the 2nd floor through a tight corridor, when we opened the door there was an immediate waft of smoke hit us up the nose! someone had been smoking out the window! the bedding and curtains were old, dated, dusty and smelly. I removed them straight away and bought my own antibacterial wipes and spray, to clean. the bathroom wasn,t too bad, it was clean. there was 2 single beds (we booked a family room) for two adults and one infant.our 2nd evening coming…",Date of stay: January 2017,1.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or125-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not a hotel- definitely a hostel,"This is definitely not a 3* hotel! There were 5 of us staying in a family room which had a stair case and two floors. 5 single beds. The upstairs could not fit anyone over 5ft 3 and we had to kneel on the floor to get changed. The toilet smelt like egg every time we flushed it and the TV lost signal every time someone stood up.   We also got told we had free breakfast which included toast, cheese, cucumber and Nutella with bland cereals. If you have any intolerances you won't be able to eat anything apart from cucumber.  The only thing that was good was the price we paid £128 for the room. So if you just need a bed for the night it would be ideal. However there is an actual hostel next to it so maybe look into that as it might be cheaper",Date of stay: January 2017,2.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or125-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",London visit,"A 5 minute walk from Bayswater underground station. Hotel situated in road with sign Leinster Square on one side, and Princes Square on other. 24 hour reception. There are 2 lifts, but one was out of order on arrival, and still not working when we left 5 days later. Room(203): bath with shower mixer with power and hot water. Window single glazed, but quiet. Breakfast room: 3 types of cereal + pineapple chunks + yogurt; sliced tomatoes, sliced cucumber, boiled eggs  (but in absence of any cold meat selection, the eggs soon go) Table cleared swiftly + wiped over. Good value for money, especially due to location to underground. ",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or125-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Poor,"Came on a school trip in April 2016. Didn't have high expectations (as it was a school trip hotel) but I can imagine was still not great quality for any other user of the hotel. When we arrived the welcome staff seemed friendly and helpful enough but the lobby was outdated and ugly and clearly needed redecorating. Our room was... interesting. The TV did not work, nor could we make it work, and the room had been split into two floors to accommodate more beds, somehow cramming in a narrow, steep staircase which was more than a little dangerous, especially as it had no handrail. In a room which should have only had two beds at most, they fitted in five, which made it feel very cramped. The bathroom was better than most TripAdvisor reviews described, to my relief. The bed covers…",Date of stay: April 2016,2.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or125-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",poor,"Very cheap hotel and true you get what you pay for.Sleepless nights as it,s very noisy.You could hear your next doors snoring,slamming of doors and people talking.Breakfast poor,very.Place needs a good cleanup.Never again",Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or125-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Very Basic & Needs Renovating but is Cheap!,"Booked this hotel last minute for a Friday night which cost me just under £50 from Hotels.com. I looked at the reviews and saw how many people gave this hotel 1 star reviews and I was a bit sceptical but I wanted some where cheap to stay and close to a tube station which would get me into London quickly. When booking from Hotels.com I booked 'Basic Single Room, Private Bathroom Outside the Room' when it said outside bathroom I was a bit sceptical about it but it was fine. By the way this is room 217. Room size is small, had coffee/tea facilities, extra blanket/cover & pillow, hairdryer and wardrobe. Bathroom is nice, just a few steps away from the room. Remember to take your room key just in case you get locked out. Shower is probably the worst thing in the bathroom as it was…",Date of stay: December 2016,3.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or130-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",very basic and no hot water in the mornings!,Comfortable beds at this hotel but that was about the only positive thing I could say.  The whole place is in need of modernisation and a good rejuvenation.  When we arrived the entrance hall looked like something out of Fawlty Towers. The Reception staff were friendly on arrival though.   When we first arrived in our room it was so hot it was like a sauna! Thankfully we were able to turn the radiator down ourselves. Beds were comfortable but there was no duvets... just sheets and blankets.... bit odd.  On Saturday morning we could not have showers or baths because there was NO HOT WATER. Probably because everyone else in the hotel had already used it all but this is just not acceptable. Same thing happened on Sunday morning but fortunately we had had the forethought to bathe on…,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or130-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely dirty,I can say that the moment we haved checked in...we got a room that the sheets were stained with blood and a blister (used) on the bed...plus a dead bug on the pillow.  The rooms smelled horrible !!! And in the last day of the check out (nobody informed us that the check out its at 11 instade of 12) and the service lady and the desk office lady lettarly came to our door ever 2 minutes...telling us to leave or we will need to pay forlate check out!!  Never again i will go there!!!!,Date of stay: December 2016,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or130-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty and inadequate ,The room was tired but more importantly dirty. The plug hole was disgusting. The dining room was overcrowded and resembled a YMCA with the long tables. Not worth the money paid even for the fairly central location. ,Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or130-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not as good as previous years,"This was my third stay in this hotel, the last two occasions I would rate as average as you get what you pay for, but unfortunately this time standards had dropped.  The breakfast was not good and there was not the choice that was available in previous years.  Our bedroom had a large gap between the bottom of the door and the carpet, I asked at reception for a plug for the sink and unfortunately this never arrived.    There was a smoking area below our bedroom window and on a few occasions the smell of cigarette smoke filtered into the bedroom and this was very unpleasant.  With a few improvements this hotel could be so much better but based on my recent visit I will not be returning.",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or130-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient, Comfortable, Reasonable","Had to stay in London and was suggested this Hotel by a business acquaintance.  Easy of access, parking spaces, quite, clean and warm rooms although space is limited, breakfast included. a 3 star which is worth 4. Nearest station Bayswater.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or135-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Only location,"It was a B&B, not a hotel. Room was very very small. The covers of the bed are a really old.  The rooms need renovation. Bathroom was very small too. Breakfast was in a small dinning room in the basement and the choices were small.  The staff was quite friendly and helpful.  Near Bayswater tube station, shops and pubs.",Date of stay: November 2016,2.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or135-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Much better than expected,"My father booked our trip to London a few weeks ago and as soon as I found out where we were going to be staying I jumped on Tripadvisor to read the reviews. I was horrified and absolutely scared for our time in London, I did not even want to share the reviews with my family. I was expecting bed bugs, cramped rooms, dirty bathrooms & bedding and a piece of bread with cheese for breakfast. THIS WAS NOT AT ALL WHAT IT WAS LIKE. Yes, there are some definite improvements needed (TV does not work in room), but over all we had a great experience. For the price you pay, you are stupid if you expect a spacious room with room service and a hot breakfast buffet. Especially in London! The rooms are slightly small, but the are comfy and when you're in London you don't plan to send your day…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or135-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",All under one roof,"We travelled to London for a half term break, the Pembridge was one of a few hotels that could accommodate my family, two adults, three kids. We were all in one room, there was a bed each, we used it to crash after a busy day. Breakfast was poor really, although there was cereal, toast or bread, and tea or coffee, the selection wasn't great. Overall like a previous review you get what you pay for. ",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or135-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,"Its quite simple. If you just want a bed to sleep in and a bathroom this is the hotel for you! Very cheap to be a hotel in London and close to Paddington station.  It was clean, heat wasn't working, TV worked the two first days. Crowded at breakfast. As I said you get what you pay for with this one. ",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or135-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Like a step back to the 70's *TO BE AVOIDED,"Dreadful stay visited with my daughter for October week. Beds were dipped in the middle from overuse, mine had a spring sticking into my back, rooms were awful. You can hear the people in the room next door talking. Rooms very dated indeed. One experience of breakfast was enough it was served on long tables you had to share which were dirty, drinks were diluting orange and tap water. Asked for an extra pillow and staff weren't exactly friendly about it. It actually felt like we were staying in a homeless shelter or youth hostel at best. We saw some reviews were bad but hoped it was better, sadly I wish I had listened. The only positive I can think of was the location was handy for the bus, apart from that I cannot think of anything good to say about my stay.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or140-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great service,"We came here and this place offers everything you need close to many places great service good food nice personal special the kitchen ladies a lot of information and a simple way of bringing the service to a familiar level, easy access and pretty much everything you need when you travel at least that you wish to stay home to have everything you are used to it I'm really pleased with this place.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or140-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",good for budget minded,"Location is great (a few minutes walk from Hyde Park and many buses, Queens way and Bayswater and Queensway tube stations). We chose this hotel because we had stayed there 2 years ago and it moffered an included hot breakfast. Unfortunately, our bstay was not as enjoyable this time because of the loud noises from the surrounding streets if window was opened (revelers and rowdy young people staying in neighbouring hotels). Also, we found the breakfast not very good (cold and rubbery toast and had to wait a long time for toast to be available no meat, only scrambled eggs which were often cold and congealed). Lastly, the breakfast room was not sufficient to accommodate the huge crowds whatever hour we went.",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or140-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worn out hotel,"Price and location of hotel is good i.e. near two metro lines. Lots of bars and shops in close proximity.  Room old and worn out e.g. carpet worn and dusty, average bed with blankets that seemed like that hadn't been washed in a month or two - got a couple of bites from insects in the room.  Room cold as heating not switched on yet being autumn.  Bathroom was sufficient and clean, shower had good water pressure and water went hot enough.  Hotel didn't promise wifi in the room, however i was able to log on from the room with decent speed so that was a bonus. Kettle in room with tea and coffee.  Location of hotel was quiet though noise in the hotel was pronounced e.g. can hear people moving through corridores and on floors above - however hotel is quiet mostly during midnight to…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or140-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",One step above staying in a youth hostel,"London is an expensive city, everyone knows this.  With that being said, the Pembridge Palace Hotel is decent value.  But, beware the service is horrible.  The front desk people have no customer service skills.  It is really sad.  They are rude, non-responsive, and don't give the impression they care about serving or making your stay a pleasant one.  In order to use Wifi you must sit in the lobby.  I was appalled when at 10 a.m. there were beer cans and empty cigarrette boxes from the night before.  How hard is it for the desk person who was sitting two meters from the lounge area to clean it up - just plain gross.  This happened for two days in a row!  On a positive note, we were able to make 5 people fit in a split level room - not easy to find.  The breakfast was decent and…",Date of stay: October 2016,3.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or140-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"Mediocre hotel but in a good location and cheap. The rooms in the basement (yes, they do have!) are like prison cells with a small window and metal bars. Notably, there was one power outlet. If you watch TV you can't charge your phone (and vice versa). Did I mention the absence of WiFi in the rooms?",Date of stay: October 2016,2.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or145-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not good experience,"Unfortunately I didn't have a good experience here. The room was unclean, staff rude and breakfast poor. I didn't feel particularly safe here as people trying room door during night. Never again, I'll find a travelodge next time I stay in London. This place was more like a hostel than hotel.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or145-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",No too Bad,Room was very clean and I would say for a small hotel it worth the money. Breakfast was not too bad either. The only thing is there is no internet in the rooms so you have to go down to the lobby. It would have been great for internet in the comfort of your room. They do have lift to all floor which was a bonus has I am pregnant. I would stay there again if they have internet in the rooms,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or145-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",It's no palace...,Overall felt a bit like school camp. Paid £50 per night. Just about OK for the price; location was pretty good (less than 10 mins to various tube stations). Wifi only in lobby. Breakfast buffet was mediocre. Room was tatty but relatively spacious for central London. Not impressed to be harassed at 10.30am by housekeeping banging on the door saying we had 5 minutes to checkout (check out is 11am). Only option for leaving luggage is in a corner of the lobby with no security.,Date of stay: September 2016,2.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or145-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs!,"This hotel is quite possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. However it is in a good location. To begin, from the foyer area to restaurant and rooms, the decor is very outdated, with paint flaking from walls, holes in walls, defective lighting, Windows that are stuck open or closed and what would seem very quickly botched together partition walls. The beds were as good as sleeping on the floor, and nothing was done to rectify any of these issues when a complaint was made. The bedding was clean, however, was very old and had many threads hanging off. The shelving and all the fittings in the room were also hanging from the wall or had been re secured in a very poor fashion. And the most disappointing thing of all.... Breakfast. Maybe I made the mistake of assuming, it would…",Date of stay: September 2016,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or145-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",adequeate for the price,located near two tube line bayswater and queensway. walking distance to a few halal food outlet. bus line is just after the queensway station. the bed was ok. small toilet but still manageable. basic english breakfast good enough to start a day,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or150-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Please look elsewhere,"This hotel is very dated and needs a complete refurbishment. The floors were creaky dirty carpets, bad quality doors and windows. Dirty bedding very smelly. Public hairs in the bathroom and toilet.  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or150-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Badly in need of an upgrade,"Booked through booking.com for weekend break to London. Described as of a good standard with all mod cons,  flat screen TV,  iron,  hairdryer and including breakfast. Despite the grand exterior shown in the photographs, we were  disappointed to see the reception area did not match this and we were not impressed with the tiny room either as it felt like a hostel with dated flowery curtains, a brown bedspread and stained lamp shades. The flat screen TV was a tiny monitor, there was no iron and only enough tea and coffee facilities for only 1 cup of tea when there was 2 of us. The room was also very stuffy with no air.  On the plus side, the bathroom was clean and the shower quite powerful. Breakfast consisted of cereal, toast, cucumbers and grey boiled eggs so it was not the full…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or150-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"It's ok for the price, but would choose different Hotel next time. Close to metro, shops and Hyde Park. Clean rooms.  No WiFi in the room (Lobby only). Not very comfortable beds. No A/C or fans in the room, so it was too hot to sleep. Average breakfast.",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or150-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel at all costs.,"The staff was simply OK. The hotel is located close to two underground stations in Westminster. It is very close to the center of London. The premises -> adequately clean.  Where do I begin? The breakfast was awful. There was filtered coffee that you should warm in the microwave by yourself. So, prepare to stand in line to drink coffee… It was much quicker to go to the machine upstairs and get one (and of course pay). The food was some bread, cheese, cereal and…. OK that. During my whole stay, the one of two lifts was out of order. Nobody seemed to care. The working one, had no indication lights. The room was a complete dungeon. After opening the outer door, I had to use a staircase to get in or out the room. The TV was antiquated and it made an electric noise while it was…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or150-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Bed Bugs!!!!,First of all I cant' believe the place is listed as a three star hotel!!! The room that has been given to us was distributed over two levels with no possibility to stand up on the second level and very scars area below. The window didn't lock so whoever wanted could access the room very easily from outside. Very old blankets and duvets but the worst think were the bed bugs. We didn't realize what it was initially till my both daughters and I started to have more and more bites and an allergic reaction after few days. The symptoms might appear after several days after being bitten. The place should be closed and disinfected! No wifi in the rooms.,Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or155-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Not clean, not nice.","I don't do reviews or moan on for nothing but I feel the need to review this place. Paid 175 quid for a family room for my wife, myself and my three grandchildren. Arrived to be told that we were in a room for 2 and a room for 3. Broken windows, rags for net curtains and WiFi not strong enough to reach the room. TV not working in 1 room, NO BAR and another family walked in my room at 10pm while we were asleep. Breakfast appalling,  no room to sit between the tables and a choice of bread, cereal, dilute orange or cheese. Awful place, please consider alternatives.",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or155-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Best Value,"I got a three bed room for 33 GBP with breakfast included. I reached at night around 2 am and left in the morning. If you want to save money and need a bed to sleep, I would then say this could be the best option near central london with close proximity to Bayswater Underground Station.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or155-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",No palace but ok,"Not an easy place to find if you're following GPS. It's closer to Leinster Square for reference. I had to phone for directions from Princess Square.  Check in was ok. Door card didn't work. Another 10 mins to get it fixed. Door was so warped it needed a shove to open. Room was ok. Burn hole on dated duvet. Portable TV circa 1999 didn't work nor did wifi. Lots of open tea bags and coffee sachets but two small milk pods. Breakfast was ok. Orange squash, tea, coffee, toast, jam, peanut butter, hard boiled eggs. Nothing great. Nice dining room. Whole place just needs more tlc. ",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or155-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horrid,"This hotel is old and out dated, rooms aren't clean to a standard you'd expect (dust and hair everywhere), bed linen was an old fashioned blanket, which was obviously years old with bobbles, fluff and hair stuck to it! (Not even a duvet) Cobwebs and stains up the walls, windows don't seal, breakfast is really shabby. It consists of bread, cheese, cucumber, tomato, cereals and orange squash (not even orange juice) only one spare plug socket, no air con or fans. Barely enough room to move around in, if you were a slightly larger person it would be very difficult to use the bathroom and monouver around the room. Takes a while to drift off as all you can hear is other guests walking in rooms above you, and hearing next door using the toilet!! OK so this place is on the cheaper side,…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or155-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Petrified of rodents,"Stayed here this weekend with my partner, arrived at 10.30pm of which from the outside looked ok. Checked in and we were given the keys to g04. This room was the first one past reception. The room itself was quite bizarre, 3 single beds on the 1st floor, then a staircase leading to another level with another 2 beds. We decided on the lower floor as the floor above was very claustrophobic. Decor very dated, really old carpet and bed spreads and scratchy brown blankets rather than a quilt. We decided to move the single bed to make a double of which a rodent deterrent box appeared behind the bed! I was quite surprised as never seen one of these inside a room? This immediately unnerved me as I really am not keen on any rodents. We decided to get our heads down and try not to worry…",Date of stay: August 2016,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or160-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised  ,"Stayed here for a school trip for two nights and had read all the reviews on this place and was very worried about staying here I even took a sleeping bag. When we arrived we were given a room in the basement and I was surprised how pleasant it was. Sheets were clean and room was fairly big and the breakfast wasn't brilliant but it was better than expected. The only bad points were that I was very ill when I was away and was sick all over the lobby floor and none of the staff bothered at all and we had to clear it ourselves. Also the bathroom was tiny and we only had a tiny window in the corner of the room for air which being in the basement we never got much of.  Overall I was surprised how nice this place was after reading all the bad reviews but I would never go back, it was…",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or160-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Location is great,"We stayed here three nights in July. The room was very cramped. We could hardly walk around. The put three beds in a room meant for two people. I needed a triple room and they made do. It was very hot the days we were there. The desk did give us an oscillating fan. The staff were friendly and helpful. There is an elevator which was a plus. The breakfast was satisfactory. There is wifi, but only in the lobby which was inconvenient. ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or160-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Girls weekend away,"Well what can I say,total shambles,I book a triple room online for a girly weekend away,when we got there we was given a box twin room,so back down to reception to complain,after several phone calls and computer tapping said they could show us another room,this was even smaller than the first with a meazey floor build in with two beds,trouble was when you got up the steep stairs you couldn't stand up with out hitting head on the ceiling or even sit up in bed with out knocking yourself out,refused room,then we was told they had a room in their sister hotel two doors along,so of we went their,greeted by a young lady not very happy,gave us a key to a room on the third floor with no lift to get to it,so off we went up into the attic to inspect another room,bigger room with four…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or160-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Stinks of smoke,"My partner and I visited this hotel on the weekend of 28 and 29 May. The main thing to remember is you really do get what you pay for. We paid about £110 per night, booking about 10 days in advance of our stay. We were booking fairly last minute and needed somewhere close to Wembley.   The entrance and reception was dark and smelled of cigarette smoke. The reception staff were OK, but very casually dressed and not as welcoming as you expect when you first arrive at a hotel, sat down behind the desk hiding away.   The lifts smelled of cigarette smoke. As did the hallways, landings and the rooms.   The room itself was not as bad as I was expecting after seeing the reception area and route to the room. It was clean...ish. The bedding was clean and in fact very comfortable. The…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or160-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you paid,"If you are looking for somewhere to sleep, it will do just fine. My room is on the basement and you can hear people going in and out for the breakfast in the morning but no biggie. Room is small but adequate and breakfast was okay. Easily accesible to bus and tube and restaurants.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or165-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Tired, dated and a lesson in humility. ","I am currently staying the night having left with little other opportunity to go elsewhere, as its gone 23:30 and the nearby hotels are charging roughly £200 for the remainder of the evening.   Having stayed at various hotels in various parts over the world, I think this venue is best described as a hostel and not as a hotel. There is a musky stale stench in the hotel rooms (I've moved rooms as the first room given to me seemed as though the sheets hadn't been changed from the previous occupant, which is based on the crease marks left on the bedsheet - oh... and not forgetting the stains, too...)  The net curtains do not stretch as wide as the windows. The linen is incredibly outdated and corse on the skin. I feel itchy, although that might be mind over matter. There is no Wifi…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or165-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised ,"For the price of the hotel and the location I have to say I have been pleasantly surprised.  The room is adequate,  it is in a pleasant neighbourhood,  it is clean and the staff are friendly,  I was worried when reading the reviews but find it all to be as good as other places I have stayed for a fraction of the cost  ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or165-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Decent value for money,"Almost impossible to find, even for a black cab driver. Prince's square isn't even a square, it is like a disjointed octopus! when eventually found, reasonable sized room and bathroom for the money. very basic breakfast.  Good value for money!",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or165-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A TOTAL DUMP,"We booked on a recommendation through Delta Airlines website. Upon arrival we were given a room with a broken door. I asked for a room with a door that did not have broken door jams and locks and was told that the only other option was a room in the basement. We took the room, exhausted tired and frustrated since it was too late in the day to find a new hotel. I was told the manager would be available in the am to re-room us. We were not told that 40 teenagers from Italy would be staying on the floor with us. They climbed in an out of the window, ran up and down the hallway. screamed yelled and had sex from 11:00 pm on. I started complaining immediately and was told there was nothing they could do. By 2:30 I told the office I would call the police if I was not re-roomed.…",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or165-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible Hotel,"The wording ""Hotel"" above the front door needs to be replaced with the word ""Hostel"". This is no Hotel, whoever gave it a 3-star rating is sadly deluded. The place is shabby and tired. In our room the sink did not drain, 3 of the 4 electrical sockets were faulty, the net curtains were too narrow for the window and there was a classic iron shaped burn mark in the carpet. Got offered another room with similar problems so didn't bother switching. The breakfast dining area is very plain plain and uninspiring, a ""continental"" breakfast is offered which included tinned fruit salad and orange squash.There is an outside terrace patio area which i saw nobody use, probably would stain your clothes if sitting due to all the winter green moss and crap attached to the furniture. Was an…",Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or170-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not a palace at all! ,"Unfortunately I hadn't done any research into this hotel before I arrived. When we finally got to the hotel to drop our stuff off before going to a show, we were greeted by a very tiny room. There was two of us in the room and there was hardly any room once we were both in there. Bathroom was tiny, I don't understand how anyone can use a bathroom so small. On our way out we tried to close the door but it kept opening and not catching on the latch. After going down and being told to just leave it for a few seconds, we had to wait for the people to fix the latch, rather than moving us to another room, we were then late for our show. It took them about 10 minutes of messing about before they actually started to fix the door.   Our night sleep with constantly interrupted because you…",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or170-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Hotel in Great Location,"My stay here was OK, for the location and price, This hotel represented good value for money. Bayswater train station and Hyde park a very short away. Although staying alone I booked a double which was big and spacious with a nice bathroom and good shower. The decor of the room was dated but once again adequate for the price. The buffet breakfast was basic but more than satisfied my needs for tea and toast. Purely based on my stay I would stay here again although I was alarmed to read about the fire that occurred the night after I checked out. So I would hope any fire and safety issues have been resolved.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or170-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and Clean,"The hotel was easy to find in a central location. Room and toilet were clean and spacious. Breakfast was options of toast, boiled egg and cereal, sadly no bacon or sausages. The staff could have been a tad more welcoming, but overall was a good for the price. Would stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or170-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Unfortunately poor:( ,"Unfortunately, I have to admit that was a bad hotel experience. I have travelled lot but this hotel was first bad choice :( There is bedbugs!!!  First day when I arrived in this hotel I have to wait a 20 min to check in. The hotel stuff was that busy. Phones rings all the time and stuff don't have a time for customers!  The only good thing was cleaning. The room was cleaned every day. And second good thing was the hotel place. London Centre is near and nice Hyde Park is next of the street :) It was good to stay in London but next time I have to choose some different place to stay.   ",Date of stay: June 2016,2.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or170-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Mr gray,"Not worth the money breakfast was a joke fine if you like cold hard boiled eggs cold toast with no colour and soggy cheese and not a lot else, there was tea making stuff in the room 4 teabags only 2 milks no spoons or stirrers and no other choices. Rooms were quite small and only 1 pillow per person.",Date of stay: June 2016,1.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or175-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,"Paid 100 for two nights. Great central location in London. Close to Bayswater tube station. Nice looking bathroom. Small but okay. Positives end there. Room was tiny, bedding was rough and uncomfortable. Staff were not to be seen and allowed all manner of people to run around and shout. Rooms were not soundproof. People woke us up at 6am slamming doors, jumping around in their rooms and shouting. Also up till late making lots of noise. No staff around to deal with it. Will pay more for a better place next time. Breakfast was a very poor lay. Cold toast and boiled eggs, small salad and cereals.  Window wouldn't lock and left our room at risk. Was basement level but still would expect a locking window! Overall okay for a vey cheap night, but don't expect much sleep. ",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or175-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A lot better than I thought it would be!,"We were traveling for a weekend with 3 kids, so we knew we needed a hotel that was more then less only a place to sleep. We where out and about the whole day. Breakfast was good, toast, cheese, cucumber and tomatos, chocolate spreed, cheerios, coffee, tea and juice. Room was out dated but clean and it was made up and cleaned every day of our stay. And it was done well. Staff was limited and some where friendlier then other. Over all, pleasant stay! And it was being painted, so maybe it will get better.... :) Beds where fine but pillow to stiff.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or175-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Found a bedbug,I found a bedbug in my room. I showed it to the staff and was moved to another room. I know bedbugs show up in all types of hotels but I would unfortunately not stay there again. I would suggest spending a little more money for a cleaner space.,Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or175-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!!,"Do not go to this hotel !! It might be cheap but it is a total waste. For starters the rooms look like they've not been decorated since 1994, the sheets have marks on them, the carpets are filthy, bad security. And there are mice running around the floors! I was on the bottom floor and got moved to the top floor because I complained about the mice, but the top floor was still the same! There was a fire alarm going off early in the morning, actually quite scary. I didn't even touch the breakfast as the other reviews say enough about it. The staff are also useless. Please do not come here.",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or175-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Room 112,"I stayed here at the end of April and it was without doubt the worst hotel I have stayed in. I am a guy in my 20s and for 1 night I am not too fussed where I stay but this really was bad. Room 112 has a separate bathroom and shower room, which were fine. However the room itself...not been decorated in about 30 years, the carpet was horrendous, so dirty. The bed linen had urine stains and it looked 30 years old.It stunk of smoke.  The room was freezing, the heating didn't work. I feel asleep for about half an hour eventually and then I got awoken by something running down the curtains....a grey mouse. It ran under the bed. About 10 mins later, a black mouse did exactly the same. I immediately got up, got dressed and got out of there. It was 5am and I sat in the foyer for 30 mins…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or180-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",very very poor,"We had a mouse in our room  Bad staff  Bad room  Bad service  Bad breakfast  DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The worst hotel we have every stayed in my skin is still crawling   On arrival we were told the family room we had booked and pay the first nights fee for was not available and was offered to rooms not next to each other. we have three young children. when we said no they suddenly found a room but we had to wait a hour for it after check in. when we got in the room it was very basic the bedding and beds were tired and worn. We couldn't sit down to breakfast because the dinning room is so tiny and was full to max ,we went back half an hour later still the same. although if we had of sat down it was boiled egg salad watered down juice and bran flakes. rubbish…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or180-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"We stayed here as a family of 5. 2 adults, 3 children. Girl on reception friendly. Initial thoughts on room were cosy. 3 single beds on lower floor, 2 single beds on a mezzanine level. Watch your head though as you cant stand up on top section.  Room was very dated, it was clean though there was mould on ceiling and in bathroom.  light fittings not properly installed, holes around dowights...   2am a group of students arrived above us and were having a party, our light shade was shaking there was so much noise and banging. Complained to reception but not much they could do about it. No sleep for any of us. Asked for a refund for our 2nd night as we refused to stay there. Breakfast was cold toast, cereal, boiled eggs, sliced tomato and cucumber and scrambled eggs. Very basic but…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or180-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Get what you pay for, nothing more.","The biggest upside was how central the hotel is, short walk to bayswater station. The rooms were alright for a cheap 3 star London hotel,the staff helpful enough. There's a continental breakfast, but nothing more than the usual bread and croissant.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or180-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Mouse,"We stayed here Saturday 9th of April 2016 two adults and three children having read the reviews we were a little wary as to what we would find but we were pleasantly surprised . The hotel is situated a short walk from Kensington gardens , Hyde park and is  just round the corner from Bayswater and Queensway tube stations a good central location ..The hotel was decently decorated and clean ,we had a  lovely room for five people with a mezzanine floor on  the ground floor next to reception . .There was a tv ,kettle, bathroom etc in the room ..Everything was great until a grey mouse came walking out from under our sons bed followed by another from under my bed , the children were fast asleep so were not bothered by the little visitors but it put me off sleeping there. In the morning…",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or180-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worst visit ever,Have to got breakfast from another hotel as kitchen caught fire last week and the hotel smells heavily of smoke still and on our first night the fire alarms went off 14 times and being on the top floor we left our room to find the stairs blocked off so have to use the lift in event of a fire???? Are you kidding me and not to mention the faulty electrics wires hanging out of sockets . Will not be staying here again,Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or185-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute disaster!!!,"Arrive on Tuesday 19th to be told we would have to walk down the road for breakfast as there had been a fire the week previous. The whole place stinks of smoke still!! Get up to our room to find 1 socket doesn't work at all and the other has wires hanging out of it!!! Then to make things really fun...Wednesday morning at 5 am the fire alarm keeps going off, so I head downstairs only to face to picture below...! In the state of an emergency you cannot use the stairs you have to use the lift?! Really?! What the hell is this place?! Either they try and kill you in the room with dodgy electrics or in a lift in the event of a fire! ",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or185-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",My usual monthly visit,I am a frequent guest. And when I am at the Pembridge I feel at home. Rooms are warm and fully optioned. TV set hairdryer kettle coffee tea milk clean towels and a very clean bathroom with all the essentials like shampoo shower foam and soap. In the morning you can taste a continental breakfast with a choice eggs vegetables toast marmalade jam etcetera. The location is fully central with underground and bus stop just close to the hotel. Your Kensington garden and orangerie just a few steps and a few more the serpentine. So nothing best than this teeny weeny hotel.,Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or185-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible - We had to leave,"We came as a group of five students; two boys and three girls. In the reception, the staff didn't even know we were coming despite the fact that we had booked online. My two roommates and I went up to our room to find it with a large X on the door. The room was tiny; we were struggling to move around. Two beds were pushed together to fit the three beds in the room. The room was in disgrace. The bathroom and room were unclean, the beds were dirty and the whole floor smelled of smoke. The beds were all in bad condition. There was no Internet on our floor and the TV didn't work, and the shower was filthy. We had read bad reviews but we were hoping for better. There was also a fire earlier today and yet the hotel wasn't closed even for the day. Within an hour, we made arrangements…",Date of stay: April 2016,1.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or185-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Would rather sleep in a telephone box,"This hotel was possibly the worst conceivable place I have ever had the misfortune to visit let alone spend the night. First of all it seemed alright ,the outside was very classy as were the people on the front desk however they needn't have bothered as the rest of the building was a complete dog hole the carpets couldn't be filthier. Then we got to the rooms there was human urine and faeces on the bathroom floor (no joke), the walls had suspicious brown patches which also smelt of faeces. The duvet on the bed stunk of body odor and was ever so slightly sticky and the mattress was covered in stains and small amounts of pubic hairs. The bunk bed had collapsed with weight of a hairpin, the television did work however every channel had a yellow tint over it (good for radio not a…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or185-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Budget hotel,"Budget hotel in a quiet area, its,all anout price and location. The location is excellent, near to everything. The hotel has very small rooms and bathrooms. I have stayed at thos hotel several times, but my latest visit april 2016,the beds was a bit worn down. Otherwise the breakfast is ok, and for a couple of nights is is really ok. The wifi in th recepcion is very poor.",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or190-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Wasn't as bad as the reviews!,"We stayed for one night this week. (My parents, me and my five year old) we had two twin rooms next door to each other. The rooms were a little dated and small but clean and the beds very comfy. The rooms were quite noisy (creaky floor boards and thin walls) but it's an old building so should be expected. The breakfast was ok. Very similar to many hostels I have stayed in on the continent (Toast, cereal...) perfectly adequate. We had a lovely walk through the parks to the Natural History museum the next day. If you are expecting 5 star accommodation then you will be disappointed but if you are after a budget hotel for a short stay in London then this will work for you. ",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or190-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money.,"Was a bit worried after reading the reviews but overall was pleasantly surprised when I got there. Reception area is attractive, receptionists not particularly chatty but not unfriendly either. Room facilities are basic but in good working order. Everything you need is there and for the price you can't go wrong. Bed bugs? No! If you're looking for somewhere fairly central to put your head down in between exploring London then this place is perfect. If you're looking for luxury you have to pay a bit more. As with many budget hotels you do get some noise from neighbouring rooms but it didn't disturb my sleep. Breakfast area could do with a bit of cheering up but food was good overall and the staff very efficient at clearing up after people.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or190-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"Nice wee hotel, a short distance from Hyde Park and Bayswater Tube Station.  Check in was smooth enough and staff answered any queries we had.   Clean and comfortable although some of the rooms were a bit small particularly the single rooms. Does the job and is in a nice area and not too expensive if you are travelling on a budget.  Breakfast was continental and breakfast room had recently been done up, although as you get later in the morning it would be fairly busy.  Lot of negative reviews, but it is fine and we have no complaints (Maybe a bit tired and could do with a wee bit of TLC but other than that no issues at all).",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or190-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Very suprised,"I was very worried after i booked this hotel without doing my homework. I emailed the hotel tto try and cancel when i read about bed bugs. I recieved a prompt email back saying the hotel had had professional extermonators in and that bed bugs were no longer a problem. I must say i was skeptical. I get the hotel very cheap. When i arrived i was immediately suprised at the appearnave of the front and reception which were very clean. The receptionist was pleasant. They took a £20 refundable against any ""charges"" i might incur. When i got to my room it was very small but had everything i needed and looked spotless. It was a typical single en suite very small but i expected and accepted that you dont get a suite for £40 a night!!The toilet was clean, it had coffee making facilities…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or190-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I have seen all my life!,"Well, got cheap hotel price, but never thought that I will regret my money. My expectation were never been high, I mean I was expecting very low quality, but not as bad as this.  Starting from the room, first night, spider web, not really clean carpet.... well this was never been the real reason to write this review, but my discover that we weren't the only tenant of room and we shared wit mices ..... ruin everything. So I asked the receptionist to change room, so, my wife, my self and my 2 year old daughter, moved from 2 bed (1 single and double) to 5 single bedroom (we were the only tenant at this stage). The room was dirty, however that was the my low expectation. I am not going to talk about food, that was as well my low expectation.",Date of stay: March 2016,1.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or195-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",good location with not much else to shout about,"ideally located from 2 good tube stations and close to Hyde park and good foodies. However the actual hotel is not of a 'hotel' standard. 1 receptionist dealing with often busy bookings, very tired outdated and poorly decorated furnishings and walls. unfriendly staff walking around in tracksuits and smoking on front porch and rear garden area. Staff in general very dispondant. Room booked was a triple and it was tiny ! and very basic. Poor bedding - no quilts just 1 sheet, 1 itchy blanket and 1 very dated bed cover and 1 very thin pillow each. Bath was old and flaking and shower head could not be turned off when running bath and again was very small, needing to manouvre around the sink to get to WC. Breakfast was a complete waste of time ! toast had to be made upon request, with…",Date of stay: March 2016,2.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or195-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID IF YOU CAN!!!!,The worst part is an itchy body from the bed sheets!!! never had it anywhere I stayed in my whole life so far. Missing my own towel is nothing but there is big big disappointment in their address as 'Westminster' location which is not close at all!!! Anyway learned my lesson to pay rather extra bit of money to enjoy. Avoid if you can!!!!,Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or195-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but the rest poor,"Fabulous location close to tube and Central London. Tatty rooms, small basics which could easily be resolved: no spoons for tea and coffee, chipped mugs. Rooms needed an overhaul. Breakfast room far too small, communal dining. Breakfast basic and poor quality. ",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or195-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother,"I should have read the reviews before staying here, but you live and learn.  Stayed for all of 30 minutes before deciding that I couldn't even sit on the bed let alone sleep in it.  Tatty, dated old bedding, bed looked about 30 years old and the mattress seemed that old too, paint peeling off the window frames, broken shower head.  A hostel would have been in better shape.",Date of stay: February 2016,1.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or195-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Just a place to stay,"If your on a budget and looking to only sleep in the hotel then this is perfect. I came to London with my 5 year old and stayed for 2 nights. The hotel is basic and could do with updating but it's not the worst I've ever been in. It was clean tidy and we were impressed given our expectations based on reviews. We had so much to do that we literally just came here to rest our heads. The location is ideal, and the local area has a good mix of friendly places to eat and touristy shops.  We didn't bother with breakfast as we were out exploring London early, but there's plenty of local shops to pick up breakfast on the go.  Seriously the only down side was that a fire door alarm was set off late one night but other than that it exceeded my expectations.",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or200-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Certainly not a palace - nor really a hotel - more of a hostel,"Budget hotel - with poor service.  Room descriptions on booking.com lack honesty - My room said private bathroom outside of room - that was actually up three flights of stairs !  Room cold and noisy.  Mattress on bed was lumpy and tired - and I woke up with multiple bites.  WiFi in the over crowded lobby only - packed with youth groups.  On the plus side - the water in the shower (after I had trekked up the three flights of stairs) was hot - and the free breakfast was very good indeed (cereals, toast, eggs fruit salad and coffee).  When I complained about  the room to the reception - I was told it was my fault for booking it ... all this place needs is Basil Fawlty.",Date of stay: February 2016,2.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or200-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",We just got what we paid for... ,"As I said, for £108 for 2 nights that is what we got...  Breakfast was included but it was better if it wasn't. ..    That are so many things to say i dont even know where to start from... -Pictures on the website are completely  different from reality. The wifi it is only in the lobby not in the rooms...    -The card keys are recycle from and hotel in Ireland... (whoa pretty shocking big time)  -You can't move around ... anyway see picture and just see  for yourselves..  The worst I have been so far in my whole life... Anyway,  I suggest you to pay a little bit more and get a better B&B.",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or200-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't expect much for this price,"The pembridge palace hotel is a rather cheap hotel, but that also means you shouldn't expect much. As a solo traveller, I got one of the worst rooms: between the beeping elevators and the fire door that slammed shut everytime someone had to go through. The breakfast isn't much, some toast, yoghurt and cereal. Also, wifi is only in the lobby, not on the rooms. Another minus for me was the fact that they don't have a luggage room where you can leave your suitcases after checkout if you have a late flight. You can leave them in the lobby, but a seperate room would be nice. If you don't need much and don't want to spend much on your own room, than it is okay. But you really only get the basics.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or200-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"As must of the low stars hotel in London. You get what you pay for. Take it for the good location, a bed and something to eat. The breakfast is allright but no thrill. I could easy stay here again. You have two tubes very near by, and you can easy walk to Oxford Street. ",Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or200-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",It is alright,"Do not expect anything, when I stayed here 27.08-29.08 2015 there was ANNOYING lady on the reception, I had a feeling like she don't care about anything and hating on me soooo much. What have I done to her? Room is under an angle, like you can feel like floor is going down from one wall to another, horrible dizzy feeling. Bedding and everything is clean, I liked that. View in a garden, I liked it as well. ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or205-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good value no frills,"Three night stay in central London, two adults and three kids (two of these teenagers classed as adults). Wanted somewhere as a base to sleep and breakfast while sightseeing and going to shows. Facilities not important. Hotel was clean, decent shower and WiFi in reception. TV and kettle in room. Rooms small but fine for stay and beds comfy. Staff friendly and breakfast basic continental but did the job. Breakfast area busy and table sharing required but this was not unexpected. Would recommend if a central base near tube station is required and not planning to hang around hotel. Will definitely consider using again if travelling to London",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or205-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, bad all the rest..","The whole experience was bad unless for the location which is great and probably it s the only reason why they can keep on doing businness. Unfriendly staff, disgusting breakfast, poor internet connection and bad cleanliness.",Date of stay: January 2016,2.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or205-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",3 stelle a Londra,Tipical british . Moquette everiwhere  and dangerous stairs . The rooms are cleans and the position is very Good . Nice and quite area near the Bayswater undergroud station . Terrible breakfast . The Wi fi work in the reception and in the rooms near to it. ,Date of stay: January 2016,3.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or205-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"The staff was very friendly and obliging, the room was as expected in London (small but sufficient for 2 people), overlooking Prince's square, the neighborhood was nice and safe, many shops nearby, Bayswater station just around the corner, location was GREAT. Breakfast was too poor to even comment upon! Although there was everyday housekeeping, the windows and balcony were filthy.",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or205-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't recommend ,"My friend and I stayed here for one night and found the hotel as a late deal on booking.com. The price for the room was £40 and as a late booking we thought this was a good deal. The reviews were okay, some mixed but nothing too bad.  We were provided with a twin bedroom in the basement of the hotel. The room itself was very 'cosy' and appeared very grubby.  My friend discovered some horrible, questionable, stains on the curtain near to her bed. There were no plug sockets at all, we had to unplug the TV etc to use a plug socket.  The worst thing was the noise. We know you can't pick who the other guests are, however the walls were so thin you can hear every single conversation. Several families were also placed in the basement and there was a constant stream of screaming babies…",Date of stay: January 2016,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or210-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",All right but really isn't quality...,"Kind of hard to find... The whole decor is really old... Room was dreadful but was warm, I only need a quick night sleep and the bathroom was brand new... Really friendly staff but yeah don't plan more than 1 night you really won't enjoy it... Didn't see anything else to complain about ",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or210-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",typical hotel in London  - small room only for one night,"Hotel located in Notting Hill, quite difficult to reach even the cab driver had a problem with a location, decent price but room quite small, for one night ok without any extra expectation , 100m from hotel nice rest",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or210-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","""A reasonable hotel accommodation at affordable prices in a great location.""",The hotel is in a great location. The rooms and bathrooms clean Average hotel But good for a short break in London. Better a little bit similar. Or quality of service in hotels in the same neighborhood. And a reasonable price. Breakfast is not bad but it was not good.,Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or210-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Descent hotel in a good location ,"Descent hotel in a good location. Clean room and bathroom.  Average but good hotel for short stay in London. Similar or slightly better quality of services to other hotels in the same area, at a friendlier and more reasonable price. Didn't try the breakfast to comment on that.  ",Date of stay: December 2015,3.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or210-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T COME HERE!!!!!!,"Just back stayed here 11th DEC /13th DEC 2015. I read a few different reviews and thought can't be that bad i  was so wrong DON'T BOOK  its a hotel that should be shut down for health and safety . When i read a review about bed bugs thought no way can a hotel let that go on so wrong.  we had them in our daughters bed told reception they changed rooms for us on the same floor ,1st floor then i seen a mouse trap under the table. What the hell have i booked us into ... As for the breakfast if your looking to go on a diet then this is the place scramble eggs with shells,2 types of  cereal ,white and brown bread and not forgotten tea or coffee , kids couldn't wait to get some proper food somewhere else..  please when you read about the bad reviews they are all true . I like to stay…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or215-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this dump of a hotel like the plague !,"Tiny room with hardly any free surface space to put objects  Haphazard housecleaning service - had to ask three days in a row for missing towels  Poor breakfast - low quality, little choice, tardy replenishment of items consumes_ paticularly toast  Crowded and noisy breakfast room in basement too small for the number of guests at peak times  Required to pay for entire stay on arrival  Mostly foreign staff speaking poor English",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or215-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",DONT COME HERE!!!,I ignored what other people wrote but it's true! It's terrible ! I took off the bed covers because they were nasty and just threw them in the closet. They were all brown and had hair on it. I had to sleep with out a blanket and some nights it would get cold!! I got a bathroom outside my room so had to carry everything in and out in addition to the fact that the bathroom is SO small I'm not even exaggerating. It's so small that the toilet roll is not on the side like normal toilets it's actually on top of the toilet so you have to turn all around to get some tissues!!There is no wifi except in the lobby where you find another ten people trying to use it. The room had one electric which was very inconvenient and wastes so much time .  It's not worth coming here to save a few…,Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or215-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The best thing that I can say is I've seen worse,"The room was small and worn out,  but was for the most part clean. Housekeeping did an ok job,  except that one day upon returning to my room,  I found that my bathroom had been supplied with a half empty bottle of shampoo. At least it wasn't a half used bar of soap.  If you like scrambles eggs,  you'll love the breakfast.  I stayed six nights and looking at the same giant pan of scrambled eggs every morning got old in a hurry. I soon found myself happy to leave the hotel and pay for breakfast instead of starring down another plate of eggs. I spent very little time at the hotel, and wasn't counting on the hotel for entertainment or amenities...good thing because they offer neither.",Date of stay: November 2015,2.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or215-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",don't stay here,"My stay here was uncomfortable due to the fact that other room visitors below were so drunk and loud below, we could not sleep till 4am when they stopped, have you tried telling people like this to be quite, neither did we. The room 101 was next to the lift and we could hear everyone using it. The room was fine except when going for a shower banged against the rusty screw sticking out from the water diverter and forget a bath anyway, no plug. The hotel is tired and for £20 more you can get a hotel with better service, oh and breakfast continental style sorry that's a joke. Did try and contact manager for refund, guess what, no reply, make your judgment I don't usually complain but this made me.",Date of stay: December 2015,2.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or215-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Xmas shopping,"Cosy hotel in nice neighbourhood . Rooms are small but all is there. Close by St. Pancras underground so easy to go from there to centre and all touristic ""to do's"". Breakfast was a bit disappointing however. ",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or220-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Cost effective step up from a hostel,"Bare bones accommodations in a great location. Nearby to Hyde park and plenty of dining opportunities this is a good place to spend short stays in London. Paddington station is just a mile or so away, easy to get to via the Heathrow express. I got a great deal on Expedia given it's location but the room wasn't much to write home about. Very small, tv didn't work, old bedraggled curtains(a small burnt patch on one), no free wifi. The things that really count though like clean sheets, private & sanitary bathroom, hot shower, quiet etc were all sufficient. The one true complaint I have is that it was impossible to get the room dark at night. There are many hotels in the area and you get what you pay for here. Basically a step up from a hostel.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or220-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good Base for Central London,Hotel is located very centrally off Queensway in the Bayswater area. Within seven minutes walk of Bayswater Underground Station. Rooms are comfortable but rather small which is fairly normal in this price category in central London. However all that is necessary for a comfortable stay is included in the price including breakfast and coffee/tea making facilities in the room. Queensway itself is of course notet for the profusion of good restaurants and pubs which are open from early to late,Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or220-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Dreadful hotel - terrible breakfast. TINY tiny rooms, no space to stand!","We booked a family room for 5. Poor service on reception. Whilst we could have left bags there, they were not secure. The room was a normal height room with split level. Therefore the three beds on the mezzanine were impossible to stand near, you had to crawl to bed and be careful not to whack your head when you woke up. the tv was in the corner and only in sight of those crawling up the stairs. Breakfast was vile. I drank a cup of tea. It was tomatoes, cucumber, some cereal and badly cooked eggs. You had to queue for a long time and squash into the breakfast room.",Date of stay: November 2015,1.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or220-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Nice family room,"I must admit I was dreading staying here after reading the reviews and was even considering cancelling our reservation.  I am so glad I didn't, the family room was very good and spacious, the best family room I have ever stayed in.  Very easy check in.  Great location for the great sights of London, the Original bus tour bus stop is only a short walk away which is excellent.  Good value for money.  The breakfast is edible but not up to much, if you like toast and fruit you will be o.k.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or220-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good enough,"Nothing is bright and it is certainly not a Palace, but it’s ok. Nice light place to eat breakfast, nice outdoor smoking area but only WiFi in the lobby. If you pay more than 50 pr night - it’s too much, but the hotel are not rubbish.",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or225-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Convenient, low cost, & clean","Actually nothing is low cost in London - but clean sheets and solid breakfast offering within 10 minute walk of Paddington station and near enough by the Thames, etc... to make it quite convenient for a London day trip.  ... or for those gifted with a 21 hour layover between flights.  Wifi only in the lobby.  Mattresses well broken in.  TV didn't work, but then I was only curious to see if the British news is as tacky as the US.  The bath was private but down the hall - at least on the same floor.  Don't think ""palace.""  Think adequate for the commoner.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or225-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny depressing avoid at all costs,"Awful hotel. Great location and clean but that's where the accolades end. If you book on a budget beware the single room ""private bathroom"". It was private but the toilet/sink was two flights of stairs up and the shower was three! The ancient radiator heater had no way to turn up or down unless you had a pair of vice-grips in your carry-on. The room entrance had a double door entry that was configured where you couldn't open the outer door unless you stayed in your room and opened both at once. Noisy and poorly staffed. Allegedly has 24 hours desk service but when trying to complain about a party on their own front entrance stairs, calls to the front desk went unanswered. Perhaps the the staff were participating. The usual archaic Euro/US wi-fi deal where you pay through the…",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or225-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet stay,"Quiet and strategic position, very pretty! The hotel is not bad with breakfast included. The rooms are a little tight and the bathroom a bit too small. The staff was a bit apathetic, she speaks a few languages but all in all it was a nice stay.",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or225-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hardly Palatial...,"Basic rooms, felt like I'd stepped back to 1970's with the wooden headboards & pine furniture - not quite what I was hoping for.  Also, staff extremely unhelpful with regards payment & the card holder being present - I travel corporately every week & often the office book & pay my travel (as they did in this occasion in advance) but the hotel insisted that I pay & they will refund the cardholder - after 20mins of heated conversation they backed down but very uncomfortable, totally unnecessary & pointless.  Not a great experiance",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or225-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!!,"Every bad review of this place is not exaggerated, the place is awful, noisy, small, untidy, and nobody speaks English.  Don't believe anything on the web site, it is all lies, there is no internet in the rooms, just a small crowded reception area with everybody trying to use the wireless there.  Breakfast room is a joke, need to book as it can't fit everyone in.  Rubbish, this place, go somewhere else, not 3 star, maybe 1 star at a push.",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or230-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't know how there still open ,"This hotel was horrible, I have never seen anything like it. Firstly the rooms were unclean and tiny, in one of the rooms there was a rat running around and another had blood on a blanket and also on one of the banisters there was lube. The showers had cold water in the evening and the fire alarm went off 3 times as people were smoking in corridors. The breakfast in the morning was indigestible and looked like vomit. Also there supposed wifi doesn't work one bit. The smell was horrible and I have no idea how they are still open. Never go there as it is appalling!!! Wish I could give a lower rating! However the location is quite good but not worth the disgusting sleep you will have !!",Date of stay: October 2015,1.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or230-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Group of 35 had four successful nights,"32 second class students plus three teachers of a Finnish upper secondary school spent a whole week in London and this hotel served us well.   From my point of view (I'm a student) this hotel was great for our needs except for bad Wifi which only reached reception and even there didn't always work.  Breakfast was the same every morning. Nothing big but definitely enough to get us going. Our room for 3 got some new towels and shampoo/soap along the week. I didn't personally like my bed. It wasn't bad either, I slept well every night. I just didn't like such a thin blanket and the right half of the bed being oblique downwards...   The location was nice. There were pubs, fast food and grocery stores along the route to the nearby underground station.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or230-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Party palace,"Party hotel, at least near my room. Teenage team drinking across the hall until 1 am and making sleep in my room impossible. Apparently no clear rules on noise. Stayed three nights, had to contact the management each night to sort it out. They had no alternative room. Would not stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or230-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Value for the money,"This is as budget hotel, that seems very poplar. Wifi very poor as it is in the reception, so crowded. Breakfast very good and good European range. We wanted an inexpensive place that was close to Kensington Palace and park and so chose this place. Close to Portobello Road and tube stations. Friendly staff.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or230-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not recomending this hotel,"When we arrived the receptionist were unfriendly and snorky. We got No information what so ever about our stay, the room was Tiny, bad Smelling, they didnt change towels during our 3 night stay. Breakfast was chaos... I Cant recommend this place! Good location is the only good thing...",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or235-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Cute Hotel,"First off Lydia the desk clerk was the best part of this hotel.  She was friendly, kind and gave great directions. This was my first solo international trip and what a great start.  Once I found and I learned quickly that each street could have two names one for each side I found the hotel.  Now if you are traveling by yourself as I was you will not mind their smaller rooms.  As I am a huge Harry Potter fan and the London Tour was on my agenda I loved my room in the stairwell.  I felt like Harry Potter with it.  The room is small but the view was nice.  The bed was very comfortable and although I kept everything packed it was still convenient.  Now be prepared because the bathroom and shower are private to you they are separate from the room.  Each a flight of stairs away.  But…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or235-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutely awful hotel, beware of property","This hotel is terrible. You have young teens coming in and out of rooms the whole evening, rooms are awful, tiny, smell inside. When we got keys to one of the rooms, we found other people in the room!! There is no security on premises. Might be OK for student, 1* hostel, but nothing else.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or235-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Just a place to stay,"Princes´s square is a very nice neighbourhood, easy access and nice surroundings. Not to far to the Underground. Rooms are quite small, clean but have seen better days. Beds are ok. Breakfast is included (at least at our booking) and is a average breakfast with bred, scrambled egg, serials and some vegetables. Friendly staff. Not to expensive and I would say that you get what you pay for.",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or235-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel needs a serious re-vamp!,"I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights with my husband and our 3 children in a family room. The room was a reasonable size. The ceilings are high which has enabled the hotel to put an extra floor within a room. Only problem with this is you can't stand up on this extra floor without banging your head. However my children seemed amused by this! This extra floor had 3 single beds. The wheels kept falling off one of the beds and the fleece blankets had holes in. The double bed in the room was actually 2 single beds pushed together, one of which was higher than the other. The beds were not very comfortable and a couple of the fleece blankets were very stiff and itchy. The room was also very hot! The window opens from the bottom but there are bars across the bottom and a relatively big…",Date of stay: August 2015,2.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or235-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A rort for Hotwire,"I booked this hotel through Hotwire, paying £40 per night, which it claimed to be a 40% discount. It also claimed that the hotel is 3 stars, which it clearly isn't. Everything that reviewers have written below is accurate. So here are some tips to help survive the Pembridge Palace, if you end up here through misfortune:  1. Don't be early, they won't give you an early check in. 2. Wander to Notting Hill or Bayswater and have McDonald's for breakfast, or there are some nice bakeries. 3. The nearest launderette is at the corner of Moscow and Hereford Streets, marked with 'The Hill Cafe' on Google Maps. Others nearby on maps have been closed, this is definitely the closest. Allow about £12 to wash and dry a full load. 4. If you are given a single room, check that you can actually…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or240-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever ,"The room was very small and very old decoration. The hot water is only in the morning so make sure you take a shower that time. Water in the evenings is hardly warm, not hot enough to take a shower in. We have complained to the staff however the receptionist said that there is nothing they can do about it. I would not recommend staying in this hotel. Should have had read reviews and booked something different.  Breakfast was repelling!  The dining room for breakfast is very small, not big enough for amount of the people in the hotel to have breakfast at the same time. We had to queue on Sunday on the stairs in order to get in, and once we got in the staff locked the door on lock to prevent other people from coming as it closes breakfast at 10. (Not thinking that people couldn't…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or240-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A good Hotel in a very quiet zone,"Pembridge Palace Hotel is a good Hotel in a very quiet and beautiful neighborhood. Rooms are very clean and breakfast is above average, the best one we had in almost a month in Europe. Subway is required to go to London's attractions.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or240-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Checking out was the best part,"This hotel was sold to me by Expedia's Secret Saver Deals (the offer which promises branded hotels at a discount). Well, this place certainly was a surprise. Of the worst kind.  Once I'd paid and the hotel name was revealed, I thought I'd do some research. When I read the reviews, I was mortified. Yet the hotel's own website and photos made it look amazing so I decided to give it a go (although I did contact Expedia to try and change it despite the no-refund policy on these deals. Needless to say, I didn't get very far.).  Boy, was I wrong.   This is listed as a 3 star hotel but how it got that rating and who awarded it (other than the owners?) I don't know. It's 1 star at best and even that feels generous.  Yes, the location is great and, as I needed to be in Bayswater and was…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or240-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Basement rooms, no luggage room","not a hotel for holidays. did bother me that they gave us rooms at basement floor, not happy about that, the room was fine, beds where comfortable, in general more or less clean. Bathrooms....that is another question. shower was a drain hole next to the throne. location was not bad, but for that price you can get better. If its your last day and you check out, there is no where to leave your luggage!! they tell you to leave it under a sign that says ""at your own risk"" in the lobby where anyone could take it with no one asking..... Would I go back? if it was a one night trip for work or short visit yes, I would",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or240-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",very bad experience on booking merely by seeing photographs,"In July I booked quadruplicate room in this hotel for two days. I wanted to amend/modify on line but no tools available. Contacted helpdesk but without any result. Unfriendly staff & services, very bad conditions of room, beds, towels. No wifi at room & BF was terrible. Zero value for the money.",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or245-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Wasn't up to standard ,"We visited Pembridge with our school on a school trip. As we pulled up alongside the hotel in our coach the first thing we saw, parked outside the front doors of the hotel were pest control vans so that instantly gave off a bad impression.   As students we didn't speak to the check-in staff but left the teachers to that but the rooms were sorted out quickly.   In our room we had 5 people, the room had a downstairs and an upstairs. This may sound incredibly fancy… it wasn't really.The one problem was that if you went upstairs you literally had to bend over as the roof was probably about 5 foot from the floor of the upstairs. The room was equipped with a decent bathroom area with a good shower, mugs, kettle, items to make tea/coffee with and a hairdryer (would recommend bringing…",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or245-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Made me not want to go back to London,"Location´s good, but everything else NOT good. If you want to run to the toilet every ten minutes then eat the breakfast here. The staff looked at you as you were an idiot when you had questions for them or told them the key card didn´t work. Bad cleaning also, got bitten by bedbugs and had marks all over my body",Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or245-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Quadruple rooms = the total betrayal,"We booked this room for five nights via hotels.com, and it sounded like a nice standard hotel with ***.   What a disappointment it was. We came in around midnight with two sleepy children, and we were given a room in the basement.   The room was cold and moist, smelly; even the towels and the pillows smelled moist. There were iron bars for the window, and the window could not be closed completely. The toilet did not flush completely and there were holes in the door to the toilet. There were broken tiles, and the sorry excuse for a bathroom seemed not clean. The breakfast next morning was a complete joke.   The receptionist offered us a similar room of the same standard in the basement - or as an alternative two double rooms on two separate floors. We could not accept this offer,…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or245-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"The only good thing about this hotel is it is clean and in a good postion for easy access to London, everything else was not good.  We stayed in a quad room. On arrival we went to the first room which was a double bed and 2 singles but there was no room around the beds to walk around, we complained about the fact there was no room to swing a cat, they moved us to the ground floor where the room was  a little bit better, it had a mezzanine floor with a bed on the bottom and a single and a double on the mezzanine to get into the beds you had to be bent over a little as the head room was not great. we stayed for two nights and the beds where fine . Next the breakfast - Continental it was not, the choice was poor. So that was the first morning second morning we decided to skip it. I…",Date of stay: August 2015,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or245-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",WORST. HOTEL. EVER! ,354£ to spend 3 nights in the basement! 5 people crammed in a room not even fit for 1. The room smelled like stale beer and cigarettes. The staff mopped the hallway floor with dirty water and the whole place smelled like mildew! No WIFI in the room and the WIFI in the lobby was (when it worked) terrible at best. I've had faster service with dial up. My advice...keep looking!,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or250-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pembridge Palace HoStel,"This ho(s)tel would probably have 1 or max 2 stars in continental Europe. I'm still trying to erase the memories about the hotel. Four days stay here made visit to London, unfortunately, unforgettable. Only good thing about it is the location. The worst ho(s)tel ever starting from the rooms, beds, toilets and quality of the food. Fortunately there is TESCO on the way to the Underground. Btw. they sent us first in the basement room - unbelievable experience",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or250-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!,"My experience of this hotel was by far the worst I have ever encountered in my life. Rooms were dark, smelt strongly of smoke and were in great need of TLC. Such a shame as the only bonus was that this hotel was in a good area with a nice location and has far more potential. Much of my discomfort and disappointment during my hotel experience can be attributed to the pestering of people outside the lower ground room where I was staying saying they were 'watching me' and offered us drugs. This was highly disturbing and uncomfortable. Unfortunately, on the day I notified management of this they seemed concerned and as they were aware I had not slept all night (due to my many trips to reception) seemed compliant to giving me a refund. However, since I have emailed repeatedly with no…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or250-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",will not stay here again!,The only good things about hotel is the location and amenities are close. You definitely get what you pay for. Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed.  We tried breakfast once and will eat out at a restaurant till we leave.  This hotel is a dive in nicer part of London.,Date of stay: July 2015,1.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or250-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Room ok but poor service,"Rooms overall value for money, even if lots of details could be improve. The check in day we waited 10 minute for the receptionist to show up and she could have been much warmer and more professional. NO access to internet, although wifi is complementary, also the venue for the breakfast is far too small, guests need to book a slot to eat and despite of that they still have to queue to get food, which has poor quality and variety. Well located a short walk from Bayswater and Notthing Hill Gate station.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or250-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Mice in the rooms and no wi-fi connection.,"The worst hotel EVER. I stayed there with a group of students from 17th June to the 6th July 2015. 20 days!!! A nightmare!! There were huge groups of people ( especially students) arriving and leaving almost everyday, at every time. On the ground floor, 1st floor and 2nd floor there were mice in the rooms. There Wasn't any Wi-fi connection, so it was impossible to work or communicate. The staff ignored all the complaints from the guests.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or255-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Just what we needed for a one night stay,"The hotel was in a very quiet area, a short walk from the underground. The staff were quite friendly, the lifts were working and the room and bathroom were perfectly clean. I didn't rate the breakfast, I'm sure they could do better than what tasted like diluted orange squash! But on the whole it was fine for one night.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or255-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not half as bad as previous reviews but don't expect The Ritz!,"I travelled here a week ago with a school party of 35 children. Having read the previous reviews I was a bit apprehensive about what to expect and was actually dreading it. Upon arrival however I was pleasantly surprised: The bathroom was good, with a powerful shower and plenty of hot water, the beds were clean, the staff helpful and efficient and the breakfast adequate. Don't be fooled though, its certainly not the ritz but in terms of value for money - well you get what you pay for - and this was value for money.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or255-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Relatively cheap - which reflects on the quality,"I stayed there one week and we chose it as it's close to the Bayswater tube station. It is on the cheaper side and in the end you get what you paid for: the rooms I found to be quite cozy and clean, especially the bathroom which quite frankly I did not expect. The food however is quite lacky - the breakfast they serve is far from good and the dinner which we had included is very close to inedible, might as well save the money and just go to mcdonald's or something. The walls are quite thin as I saw another review mentioning and the noise of the hotel derives not so much from the roads around them as from the hotel itself - you can hear your neighbours walking around and talking as if they were in the same room as you.",Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or255-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not so good,"Stayed there one night in June the area is good lots of shops also souvenir shops and the tube is 5 minute walk. I expected hotel to be much more better than it was the room was too small i don't like breakfast and also the staff was not very friendly wi-fi was not working and no one cared just said it is not working  We had an hour before check out time but they already made us hurry so we told them we had an hour and then it was alright Also we left our luggage in reception there was written ""your luggage your responsibility"" but anyhow everything was ok;))",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or255-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you paid for.,"I thought the Pembridge Palace Hotel was good. Me and my friend went to London for the Wireless Festival.  The location was perfect and the shops around were so convenient. This is located close to Bayswater tube station so another bonus point. Kensington Gardens is also a 10 minute walk away. The staff were a little unfriendly but not rude, just not very chatty. The room itself was small but it was a place to sleep and shower so I was happy with the room. The bathroom was lovely, brand new. The beds (2 singles) were comfortable and we slept well. The breakfast is basic, but I like cereal, toast, fruit and scrambled eggs so I didn't have a problem with breakfast.  Only some slight things that were a bit of a let down was the broken shower head holder (we had to hold the shower…",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or260-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,"The hotel was quite cheap, which clearly reflect on the hotel's standard. The rooms are really small, wi-fi connection only exists in the lobby, the staff is nonchalant and the walls are really thin - you can hear your neighboors pretty well.   However, the positive about this place is the location. Situated in a quiet neighboorhood in close vicinity to restaurants, pubs and metro stations. Furthermore, even though our room was small it was well-cleaned and so was the bath room.   If you want a budget hotel in Notting Hill/Bayswater area and do not care to much of teh hotel's standard, this is the place for you. If not, you should consider to find something else.",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or260-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Agree to the heading ""Mixed feelings"", feel the hotel could use a interior designer","Our family room was small and crowded with beds, five of them.  to be able to cram so many beds into such a small volume(!) they've added a loft.  Bottom floor I could not stretch up without touching the ceiling and top floor only a 7 year could walk straight.  Small bathroom, with no place for utensils.  The short cloths hanger had those awful fixed hoops that you have to hook the small knob into. Five cloths hangers worked, the rest were broken.  No place to stow suitcases.  NO SECURITY CHAIN ON THE DOOR OR EXTRA LOOK!  Wi-Fi?  Didn't work when we stayed there.  Amazingly the room was very clean as were the rest of the indoor areas.  The maintenance staff should really remove cigarette stubs for the outdoor patio as it smells really bad.  2/3 of the reception staff was…",Date of stay: July 2015,2.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or260-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed feelings,"Last night when I arrived at the hotel, I would have given them an absolutely damning review. My tune has slightly changed this morning as I have to say, I did sleep very well there. The area is fairly quiet and the bed was reasonably comfortable. And I thought the continental breakfast overall wasn't bad. But now to the bad points:  My single room was like a matchstick box - could barely get it the room with my bag.   Misleading when I was booking as it said room with shower but actually it was room with a shower two flight of stairs up. Similarly with the toilet.  TV in my room was not plugged in when I arrived which doesn't sound like a big deal, but actually the plug sockets for the TV, kettle, digital box were tucked away behind this heavy piece of furniture and it was…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or260-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",IF YOU WANT TO STAY AT FAULTY TOWERS THEN STAY HERE - IT'S AWFUL,"Appallingly poor from start to finish. Tatty and unclean, reception people who have not yet attended any training in hospitality (or if they did they didn't listen!) and displayed non-existent customer service, lifts that get stuck, TV that does not work, iron which had bare wires on the cable, my room did not look like it had been serviced since 1972. Breakfast was a joke (but I wasn't laughing). I was pleased to leave the place.",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or260-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Most appalling stay ever.,"For £130 a night you would have thought It would have been a pretty decent stay. When I first arrived there at 8:30 in the morning, we were told we couldn't get into our room til 1:30, and that they couldn't lock our suitcases in a cupboard, we had to sit there with them. Another bad point is that the staff have appalling customer service, well half of them don't speak English which makes sense as they work in an English hotel! One of the hotel staff stood there and watched me with my two heavy suitcase and no help was offered. The room was disgusting, the sheets and blanket didn't smell clean and there was mice on the balcony. The TV was pathetic, looked like something from the 1980's. Bathroom wasn't too bad, apart from the fact only one person could fit in there. Was the…",Date of stay: June 2015,1.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or265-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"Nice location, quiet neighborhood (we had a great view on the little park in front) but with lots of places to eat, walking distance to Oxford Street, clean rooms, breakfast ok. I recommend it, but no lift!",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or265-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,"I was there for a week and the first day I arrived my door didn't lock. I freaked out because how do you give someone a hotel room that doesn't lock.. went to reception and freaked out, took them over an hour to fix it after asking me if I wanted it to lock from the outside or in.. definitely language barrier or something there. Breakfast was basic. WiFi in just the lobby is so frustrating because everyone is obviously there. I didn't like the street it was on, just seem a bit sketchy. The room was so small that my luggage couldn't fit between the wall and the bed on either side. The vending machine ate my money. When  I went to the receptionist he said he didnt have the key nor any change so he has to call someone. He never called anyone and a kid ended up going to the machine…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or265-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Decrepit hotel / fire hazard,"Booked 4 nights about 2 months ago, charged for one immediately and was requested to pay balance at check-in, unfortunately before seeing room.  Room was plain awful. We had a twin room and there was barely enough room for one person to walk between the beds. Tiny for two people traveling with two large back packs. Our packs basically had to remain packed in order for us to move about the room. Further, only one of us could move about the room, the other had to sit on the bed.   TV was a CRT model from the 1980's with a digital tuner attached and required being turned off at the TV (not remote). This also took up valuable room.  Bathroom passable although I thought a bit of cheek asking us to be environmentally friendly by hanging towels rather than new towels. I hardly think so…",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or265-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A GOOD CENTRE,"The hotel is a bit dated, but room, bathroom and bedding very clean. Staff on reception polite and very helpful. The only minus was the breakfast hardly any choice. Easy to get to central London by bus or tube. Is in a very nice area and safe",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or265-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",School trip,"Me and my friends went here on a school trip ; here are some of my friends reviews. When we first got into the bedroom it smelt like someone has been smoking , it was horrible , and then when you got upstairs the smell got worse and the ceiling is so low I hit my head . The TV was at an angle that you could only see it when you sat on the stairs .  When I walked into my room I saw 1 bed and the toilet behind the door and then I looked out of the window to see a little garden with a drop with a bent rail which you could fall down .  ",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or270-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A very good place for a budget traveller,Hey guys!  We are a group of four friends who stayed at the Pembridge for 4 days.  1- Its location is super! Its in a very quiet and clean elite neighborhood called Westminster.  2- Two subway stations are around 4 minutes walk from the hotel. The Circle line Bayswater.. and the central line Queensgate. Which make it easy to take you to anywhere you want.  3- The amazing Hyde Park is about 5 minutes walk from the hotel.  4- Many museums and places to visit in London is close to the hotel.  As for the rooms:  5- Rooms are clean and good overall. (Not that big!) It's fairly small! But who cares as long as you're just looking for a good sleep.  6- One problem was that electricity sockets were hidden behind beds.  7- Beds are comfortable and the central heater works very well in the…,Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or270-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place near Hyde Park,"Hi guys,  stay here for 4d/3n and must say, it is a nice place near Hyde Park. It is possible to walk to Victoria in 1,5 hours, to beginning of Oxford st about 20 minutes.  Rooms - nice, but it seem, they were doing this rooms like for Hobbits :D but are comfortable. The walls are a little but scratchy, but I was there for vacation, not for reconstruction. In room you will find bed, wardrobe, tv, toilet (en suite), towels, hair drier (hidden in table) and kettle with tea and sugar. You can hear a little noise from other rooms, so if you are light sleepin (as me), take earplugs :)  Wifi - just on reception, not available in rooms - we stayed on 1st floor and it wasn't possible to connect.  Breakfast - easy, everyday the same - scrambled eggs, boiled eggs, toasts, variable jams,…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or270-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Bargain hotel, superb location.","If you are looking for 5 star this is not the hotel for you. I was only staying two nights to visit a relative in hospital so it was really just a place to put my head down and this hotel was ideal for that. There were a lot of families staying too so don't let the price make you think it's like a hostel.   It is in a safe, quiet area. Shops/pubs/restuarants are five minutes walk away as are Bayswater and Queensway tube stations, taking you to central London in 15-20 minutes.  Rooms are small, basic but, most importantly, clean. I noticed some reviews mentioning cold water in the rooms but mine was fine, maybe as I was up and out early but there was no issue with the water. Continental breakfast was included in the room price. I paid £88 for two nights on Laterooms. To my mind,…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or270-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Cold water, very basic","Cold shower in both the morning and night - management need to address this if they cater for a large amount of guests so should the hot water system!! Breakfast - you had to book a time yet when we arrived the tables were full from the earlier breakfast shifts - staff should keep guests moving. If I book breakfast for 8am and have to wait until this time to eat then I expect that I will get a seat. Good location, probably won't stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or270-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great for the price,"Stayed one night in this Bayswater hotel when i was in London for a concert. It was the cheapest en-suite  i could get and therefore i didn`t have big expectations. When i arrived i was pleasantly surprised. The bathroom was tiled and clean, the rest of the room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Breakfast was decent with toast,jam, koffee, scrambled and boiled eggs. Location is also good with lots of buses and the Bayswater tube station nearby. Only bad thing is that there is no free WIFI in the rooms, just in the reception.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or275-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money!!!,"After reading numerous bad reviews before our stay, we were slightly worried about our visit to the Pembridge Palace hotel. However, we were very pleasantly surprised by our stay. Rooms were basic but clean and for the price we paid, very decent!! It was by far the cheapest hotel, not only in the great area of Bayswater, but the whole of London. It was an excellent location, extremely close by to shops  and the metro station. We literally could not have asked for more for the price we paid!! If you want a 5 star experience then you had better pay 5 star prices!!!!!",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or275-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap, but cheerful","To be honest, having read some of the reviews, I was quite apprehensive about staying here! However. I was pleasantly surprised.  The road the hotel is on is a bit scruffy looking compared to the rest of Bayswater. The reception area is well laid out and clean and the receptionist who checked me in (youngish chap who spoke excellent Italian) was friendly and helpful, despite being yelled at by an irate Norwegian man at the time!  My room was on the ground floor. It wasn't palatial, but was more than adequate for my needs. Above all, it was clean, with a decent sized bathroom. There is a tea/coffee making kit, and the reception is always happy to replace anything you need for this. I didn't try the breakfast, as I'd brought my own, but I heard no complaints.   The bottom line…",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or275-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",There was a mouse in my room...,"Stayed here for three nights. I was quite impressed with the lobby upon arrival. When I got to my room on the fourth floor, however, having ordered a double and expecting a double bed, it was three single beds pushed together (all at different heights). The window did not close properly and the curtains didn't cover the window. This was ok. I was tired. I slept.  The shower was pretty weak and didn't stay in its holder anyway. There was a bath but no plug. This was ok.  The breakfast is basic. Held in the basement of the hotel. Toast and cereal is available but the only other things on offer are scrambled egg which is almost raw and tomato and cucumber/ fruit salad. This was... Not great. On the second day of my stay I became unwell and asked the receptionist for a 'do not…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or275-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good value ,"I love the Bayswater area, and  we  where just looking for the cheapest  hotel  to stay in and had  no expectations at all. But the bed was comfortable, the bathroom  (with  bathtub ) was fresh, the  TV had a lot of channels if you want to rest your legs . We had a room on the  third  floor.  Usually we get  a crappy room in the basement in the  same area for the price paid  ( 29£ each per night ). And of course  it's  not  a 5 star palace,  but it's all you need  while  in London. P.s. Visit Loco Mexicano around the corner  for great  ribs and Mojitos!",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or275-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good, near by metrostation","We stayed here for 2 nights in the basementroom. We checked-inn in the morning, but there were no clean rooms availible at that time. So, we left our travelbags at the reception, very helpfull and nice of them. The hotelroom was clean and small with a nice private bathroom. The breakfast was free and far from good. We didnt expect much of it, but we were positive suprised of the hotel. We choose this hotel because it was one of the cheapest hotels in the centre. Perfect location, nearby the metrostation. ",Date of stay: January 2015,3.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or280-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Great hotel for hobbits, for humans not so much...","In February I stayed in a 4 bed room with some friends in the Pembridge Palace Hotel and it was an... interesting experience. The room itself was tiny and every inch of space was used by furniture. The four bed room had 2 floors, a ground floor with one bed, a desk and the bathroom and a second floor with three additional beds. In the entire room there wasn't much space to store you luggage so you have to organize yourself very well.  On the second floor the distance to the ceiling is just 4 feet so you have to crouch down there all the time. (I know that everything is better in the metric system, but here it's not: Its still just 1.2m). The breakfast was so incredibly bad that we actually had to laugh when we tried it. Don't even try eating that stuff.   On the plus side I must…",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or280-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",student trip,"This place was awful. It was dirty the bathroom was so small you could not close the door whilst stood at the sink. I was in room 307, the tv didnt work I had to crawl around the floor for a plug socket. The showers were cold in the morning and overall was thoroughly disappointed",Date of stay: February 2015,1.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or280-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"Stayed for one night here and after seeing reviews I was a little worried to say the least. Overall it wasn't as bad as I was expecting, it was clean and good enough for what we needed although the room was a little cramped and the TV wasn't working. Being on the 4th flour did mean that the we couldn't connect to the WiFi either but it was generally very quiet although other guests could be heard walking down the corridors due to the creaky floorboards. The breakfast was served in the basement (which was a little off-putting) and very basic, we eventually decided to eat food we'd brought with us back in our room! I wouldn't like to think I had to stay here for more than a couple of nights but it was good accommodation for the price and location!",Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or280-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent for price,"No it's not a 5 star hotel, but for the price it's very very worth it! The location is fantastic, The bathroom was brand new, with GREAT hot water pressure, the room was warm and had plently of extra blankets and towels, the check out isn't until 11am and you get breakfast!  What a great bargain, I slept very well and I was warm and comfortable, the only negative thing was the young guy knocking on my door wanting to fix the hairdryer when I wanted to sleep, but at least they care enough to fix things! Will happily stay again, lovely man with a beard and glasses at reception too",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or280-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",very small room - toilet on floor above - no bath,"My daughter had to put me up in a hotel in London on Wednesday the 14th January 2015 as she was not able to travel back to London due to the storm.  The room (112) was extremely small (app. 3.5m2) and the toilet was on the floor above. Just a toilet and a sink, no bath. No electrical sockets either and no plug for the sink. Single pane glass and no heating.  In the room there were barely room to move and no mirrors. There was a desk, chair and the single bed. If the chair was pulled out you would not be able to leave the romm as it would block the door. Wonder if the room would pass safety codes. I would not like to be caught in this room if a fire broke out.  I did ask for an upgrade and was told that all rooms were booked. No service and help there.",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or285-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible,"My husband and 2 children booked this through booking.com. All looked great. But it was too good to,be true. The place was small,dirty and depressing. So much so that we left and ended up paying for two nights that we never used. There is nobody on duty that can be of help. Your only resource is an email that the front desk will gladly give you. The front desk are just local hourly hires. I requested a refund but was finally given an answer via email one week later. They just wrote and said NO. It was my sons 16th birthday surprise to bring him to London on New Years Day. So not only did I feel disappointed in the hotel but felt like a failure on my sons birthday. 😞",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or285-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good, centrally located hotel - and very affordable.","Welcoming and helpful staff.   The room was very small - as pointed out in many reviews here. But beds were super - thick matresses - not too soft, not too hard.   Continental style breakfast: juice, yoghurt, cereals, scrambled eggs, cheese and marmelade. All we needed.  Some minor irritations: Wi-fi only in lounge at reception. And water was leaking (occasional drip) from ceiling in bathroom.  Cleanliness: Super!  All in all: very good value for Money.",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or285-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel for a quite of money,"We are the family of three from Slovenia. We visited London from 30 nov. to 4 dec 2014 and stayed at Pembridge Palace Hotel for 4 nights. The location is perfect - all the restaurants, pubs, cafes, shops, bus stops and subway station - are very close. The hotel itself is average. The rooms are very small (including bathrooms), all the furniture is old and a bit damaged, just basic things and nothing beyond. The dinning room is very small and sometimes it was difficult to find a free table to eat. The breakfast was very-very basic, the same every day. But everything was clean, everything worked (including fan, which were inside of the table, and the radiator under the window). The 24 receptionists were very nice and helpful, without any problem we borrowed the adaptor for the…",Date of stay: December 2014,3.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or285-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",ALI THE WORST RECEPTIONIST EVER,"the receptionist at this hotel named Ali was very rude to my father. we were supposed to check out at 11, but we checked out at 12. he said he told us to check out at 11 and that it is written behind the key but he did not mention it at all, he raised his voice and was very extremely rude. he was the same when we first arrived, he acted like we were nothing and just brushed us aside, no smiles no small conversation no nothing. we had to put up with him for five days and it was horrible. he gives a negative vibe and he kept raising his voice at my father. our bathroom was clogged up and everything was just horrible. food was alright. staff is just horrible. horrible. thanks please change your staff. Can't deal with rude ppl",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or285-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good to stay, not to spend time","Pictures in the hotel reviews gave more than we got. However, good location near subway and quiet neighborhood. Dining room was small and narrow and because it was also low, it was very noisy. Breakfast was pretty basic but with that price, you can't expect much. I would recommend, if you are just staying and going, not if you are planning to spend more time in the hotel.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or290-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but rooms disappointing for what you pay for,Good location but rooms disappointing for what you pay for.  Booked a quad and one bed was downstairs and the other 3 upstairs.  When you reached the top of the stairs you hit your head and had to bob down to get to the beds.  When you got out of bed upstairs you hit your head every time.  If you laid on the bed you could raise your arm and touch the ceiling with your hand.  Bad for your back by the end of your stay.,Date of stay: December 2014,2.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or290-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Get what you pay for,"We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in Oct 2014. There were 4 of us. The location is  fantastic. Hotel, service and the breakfast is not great BUT it's not dire either. I would say you get exactly what you pay for. Great location and cheap hotels",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or290-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Do I have to stay,"This hotel is the worst that I have every stayed in and I have stayed in many over the years of travelling with business.  The Manager is rude and dismissive.  The room I was given was in the basement, next to the kitchen and staff quarters.  The room smelt of cooking, the TV did not work, the carpet was patched.  They did move me but the room was little better it was cold as the radiator had a bed against it and the tea bags were in individual packets just loose.It is a good job that I am small as the towels were tiny and very poor quality.  I pointed out that there were no fire instructions in the room and next day some appeared.",Date of stay: December 2014,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or290-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, but a tad neglected","We booked this online and it was supposed to be a 4 star hotel with a regular rate of 500 pounds per night.  We booked it for one night at 75 pounds.  First of all, this is not a 4 star hotel and would be closer to 2 1/2 stars. There is no way anyone in their right mind would pay 500 pounds for this room.  There was free internet, but only available in the common area.  Our room was one with 14 foot ceilings, but they had built a wood mezzanine landing in it, where the double bed was.  This mezzanine looked like it was built by someone with limited carpentry skills. There was also a single bed on the mezzanine.  There was an additional single bed downstairs.  So, you could fit 4 people in it.  There was an ensuite bathroom, which was clean and in fairly good repair.  The hallway…",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or290-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good for the price ,"Good situation near underground station. You have nothing hill five min walking and then hyde park from 10min only. The staff is very helpful. All ok for the price that the hotel have. Only the wrong thing is breakfast, not a lot of things and is a little space.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or295-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Many Guest Benefits for a Budget Hotel,"I did not expect or need much in accommodations for a five day stay in London so  I chose Pembridge Palace for the location and value not the amenities.  I arrived at Paddington Rail station from Heathrow and took the tube to Bayswater for  a ten minute walk to the hotel.  My single room had a twin bed, a desk, a chair  and an armoire.  All bathroom fixtures were new and the room was fresh and clean.  The room faced the street and no through traffic.  Each day my room was cleaned and returned to its original fresh appearance. I found the staff pleasant and knowledgeable.    Kensington Gardens and Palace were nearby as well as  the  London Underground stations.  Within a few minutes walk was a commercial area with a number of shops offering  a variety of products, and  services. …",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or295-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Small rooms and cold breakfast,"Average hotel. We paid £75 for a double with breakfast, which when you look at it is reasonable. The reason is the rooms are small, very small, with a 1980's portable TV although The room was clean enough. The breakfast was basically eggs and toast, hardly a continental breakfast, which was cold, the coffee was cold and the room was inadequate to cope with the amount of people. There was also no room to hold our baggage, other than leave it in the foyer!!! so we ended up paying to put it in left luggage in Victoria Station. If all you want is a room to sleep and get up and leave, then its fine for that.",Date of stay: November 2014,3.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or295-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good for the cheapest Hotel in London, Otherwise forget it.","I was on a 5 day business trip, and looking for an affordable hotel. I found it. Very well priced, smallest rooms I have ever seen. The service was good for the value of the hotel, the room was clean, bath rooms very clean, but rumour has it the place has bed bugs, I heard on person in the lobby complaining of such, and other reviews on trip advisor. However, I did not see any evidence of this, I spent a week here and no bites. However, I did drop a plastic tarp on my bed, and brought my own sheets and pillow. I did not use their blankets or anything, kept my suit case packed and on a chair the whole time. Just a precaution, not to alarm any one. If you are on a tight budget, this is probably the best value, of you have a few more bucks to spend, find something a little more…",Date of stay: November 2014,2.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or295-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pembridge Palace Hotel,"This is a very below average establishment in London. I stayed here last week with my family, the basement rooms left a lot to be desired. Good job we only stayed for one night. There was no were to hold our case, so we had to carry it around all day. The breakfast was cold ( eggs and toast )  Bathroom and beds were clean.",Date of stay: October 2014,2.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or295-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pembridge palace ... Bayswater area,Stayed here at least five times ... Excellent value .. If your looking posh then it's not for you but it's well kept clean comfy . Warms very warm .. Staff friendly and nothing too much trouble. 7 mins walk to bayswater or queensway tube .. 10 mins walk to Hyde park ... We love the location as it's busy without having to go too far into soho area... Lots eateries and pubs bars ... Ice skating rink by queensway tube . Free wifi in reception lounge area .. Small but adequate ..  Vending machine and coffee in reception. Great for a bargain stay...,Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or300-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","good location, (very) small rooms","I have just spent there couple of nights.   good sides: the hotel is in a very good location, the heart of notting hill. the staff is very friendly and very helpful. there is a nice local pub five minutes walk distance from the hotel but anyway the area is very nice!  bad sides: rooms are very small and tiny, mostly if you choose a family room (3 or 4 people per room); so not very comfortable if you are planning to stay for long. breakfast was poor, not so many options to be honest... bread and jam looked the best.",Date of stay: October 2014,3.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or300-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Rating and photos are misleading,"This is definitely not a 3 star hotel. The website photos give the impression that the whole place is as nice as the photos. Wrong! We didn't have as bad an overall experience as some of the reviewers (no bugs), and our room was clean enough, but everything was very old and needed updating and improving. The room was very small, but the bathroom adequate. The breakfasts were definitely fine. And it was very close to the tube station, but overall, I would not recommend this place to anyone.",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or300-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",RATHOLE!!!!!!!,"Oh God…where should I start? Never, never again!! Dirty, filthy, damp, disgusting place. Room “furnished” with sticky and dodgy stuff. I spent three horrible nights itching and scratching all over my body (bed bugs)!! Pillows full of somebody else’s hair. Elevators broken. Receptionists unfriendly and barely speaking English. Better under a bridge!!!!!",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or300-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty Towers meets Arachnophobia,"The hotel hides behind a professional looking website and the grand Georgian architecture of Bayswater, but inside lies a very dated, dirty, grotty hotel with poor front of house customer service. First impressions were poor - an old man was checked in with 3 large cases and was offered no help or even shown were the lift was (we saw him 3x times wondering around corridors with his cases), receptionists play on their phones ignoring guests, the rooms and corridors stink of tobacco and damp as does the cigarette burnt sheets with smeared faeces. Towels were blood stained, electrical fittings located on the head rest were poorly fitted. Cracks and holes in walls spewed out spiders during the night, gunky & plug holes, the fire alarm kept going on early hours in the morning. We…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or300-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Made a booking on the train to London, cheapest hotel around and was not disappointed. On the map, it was not clear as to the location, we decided to walk . BIG Mistake! Took us about an hour to walk from Kingscross. So if you going, use the tube, nearest station Baywaters. Generally the hotel was ok for a one night stay, slightly outdated, generally laking a good redecoration and a better bathroom facilities.   Bad points: 2 out of 3 cups ware broken and leaking!!! That was a bit of a surprise !!! Only 1 socket in the triple room. Better mattresses also needed! Breakfast was OK , not took much choice, but well cooked.     Good: very pleasant staff. Location was pretty good!   Generally, a good hotel for a days stay!",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or305-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"For a London 3* hotel at a 4* price, very disappointed.  Positives - clean bathroom. Close proximity to tube stations and fabulous Greek restaurant (highly recommended!)  Negatives - very dated. Despite large room size, beds in ""mezzanine"" with extremely low ceiling/head space. Carpets too dirty to risk barefoot! Towels felt damp and despite being white, were stained. Second choice of towel contained a whole mop of long dark hair in it. Bedspreads cringe-worthy - no idea if clean or dirty as very patterned. Bedding dated......sheet and blanket. Despite advertised wifi, I suspect it was only available in reception....hence the crowd sitting around reception area. Tapping sound on ceiling every so many minutes all through the night. Not that I planned on watching TV...but there…",Date of stay: September 2014,2.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or305-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not a palace,"Strange thing about the English language is that any building that is called a palace and is not the home of royalty is most assuredly not a palace. No better example exists than the Pembridge Palace Hotel, a dump by any reckoning, tucked away in the rabbit hutch complex of hotels off of Prince's Square.  Their website shows a fine Georgian-style, leafy lodge, inviting and peaceful. But sadly, this is merely artistic license.   Where to begin?  There is no storage room, forcing pre- and post-check in guests to park their luggage throughout the lobby.  There is no room wifi--just in the lobby, forcing overcrowding here.  Sullen teenagers vie for space with prim matrons desperately trying to book space elsewhere.  The hallways are littered with discarded and superfluous furniture.…",Date of stay: September 2014,1.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or305-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,We stayed one night at the Pembridge. For the money we paid it was to be expected. The room was the smallest i have been in but was clean. The hotel was very noisy. We were advised that we were ok for breakfast at 09:30 arrived at 09:20 staff were clearing up as we started to get to the table. Had to ask for the food to be returned. As we were eating the staff started to mop and hoover around us. All really poor bleach with your breakfast !!,Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or305-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap for the location but its clear why,"at under £100 for a quad room in Notting hill, I cant complain at the price. the room however was a dive. In the basement with a view of a wall and with paint bubbling off the ceiling presumably through damp coming in. I usually like my hotel rooms to have wall to wall carpet rather than a split down the middle and it receding from the walls (escaping the damp perhaps). breakfast was bundled and claimed to be continental, not sure which continent it was from but not from any ive visited.  Staff were generally nice though. not sure we will bother here again",Date of stay: August 2014,2.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or305-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",really bad,"My wife and I stayed 6 nights in mid-August in that sleazy hotel. See photos to get an impression what you must be aware. We payed 840 €/674 GBP (= 140 €/112GBP per night) for a twin bedroom. The room (4th floor) was really small. There was no air condition. The room was filled up with what they call furniture. In my words: filled up with junk. During the third day they added (within saying anything) a round table and a luggage bank - more junk.  The breakfast room is as usual located on the lower ground. It is quite too small for the hotel. The breakfast covers toast, scrumbeld eggs, tomato, cucumber and muesli - all day the same. No full british breakfast. The hot water pot is filled with a ""gardena"" garden hose. The service people are quite busy but they can't compensate all.…",Date of stay: August 2014,1.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or310-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",well located,variable and surprising prices ! the price was much lower directly paid that the one we paid in advance . incredible rooms too small : no place for the luggage inside  poor breakfast in a too small dining room ,Date of stay: August 2014,3.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or310-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty good for the price!,"We spent 8 nights her, as usual in the area there where no aircondition or even air circulation. So in the heat when we where ther it was very warm, we borrowed a small fan that made it alittle better. Internet was a bit unstable. the hotel is placed in notting hill, close to a local pub. There is restaurants, bus and subway station in the neighbourhood. For the price it is not to bad, but we will probably up atep in price to have better air and temperature, specially if there is the heat outside as it was when we where there (24-32 degrees daytime)",Date of stay: July 2014,3.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or310-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pembridge Pinocchio,"I stayed with my husband on 3rd-6th July 2014. I can say one thing - do not believe a single thing you read about this hotel when it is the staff/owners talking about it.   On the first place, I want to mention what we actually liked on the hotel - the location. 5 minutes to the Bayswater station, the surrounding roads are not noisy in the night...Location is good. But that's all.  We've chosen the place for wifi inside the rooms for a fee - forget about that, it was not working even in the lobby for the first 3 days. The clerk telling me that the technician is trying to come...You think I was born yesterday? I live in a 175 people village in Czech and got the internet technician to there in 3 hours when having an issue. And you are trying to make me believe that it takes 72…",Date of stay: July 2014,1.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or310-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",'Squared Off',"When is a square not a square? answer - when it is Princes Square, the location of the above hotel. I was warned by the taxi driver that only 2 sides of the square were Princes Square the other 2 sides were hiding nearby. I didn't think this too much of a problem, until 2 am after a rather good night out,  I couldn't find my hotel despite walking around THE square several times. I was about to give in, when I found the missing piece with my hotel on it. It is 5 minutes walk from 2 tube stations so very handy to get around.  It is very much a student/backpackers resting place, my room was very small and after opening my bedroom door, found it led down 10 or so steps. It was a good job the door opened outwards, or I could have had a very quick trip into bed.  The bathroom was…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or310-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for a Budget Hotel,"This hotel is typical of a budget hotel in London.  Relatively small room, but not tiny.  The small private bath, however, was outside the room, an inconvenience.  The room was relatively clean, although needed some dusting and the carpet was old.  The continental breakfast included scrambled eggs and the overall selection was okay, but no meat.  The location is good, not too far from two Underground stops.  Shops, restaurants, pubs, Whitely Arcade, Hyde Park, and movies are only a few blocks away.  The street in front was somewhat noisy all night.",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or315-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasantly surprised,"Work booked me into this hotel and after reading the reviews I was concerned about staying there. However, I was pleasantly surprised, and think the hotel is fine considering its price.   My room was small but clean. Reception staff were nice and helpful when my hairdryer didn't work. Breakfast was fine too (bread, toast, cereal, juices, tea/coffee, eggs, cheese, tomatoes etc).   Location is good - near to shops, restaurants and tube station in Bayswater.   Overall, it is a very basic hotel and definitely rough around the edges, but is a budget hotel and I didn't have any of the problems previously  mentioned by other travellers. ",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or315-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Ok to live, but eat out","The hotel is quite ok to stay at. There is a horrible arrangement for when to eat in the breakfast room down in the basement. The service staff at breakfast is avoiding eye contact. They are not very friendly; and we soon figure out why: When you show up for your booked breakfast, theres no tables for you. If you are in a hurry, theres nothing to do about it. The hotel has potential to improve.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or315-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty hotel,We stayed at this hotel for the boxing over the weekend and I have seen public toilets cleaner than this hotel service is rubbish cockroaches running around the hotel damp all over the room plaster falling off and breakfast is rubbish no cerals just hamster food or boiled eggs had a tea with a crust on it couldn't wait to leave  I am also contacting trading standards to take legal action and health inspector with pictures of room and hotel I would never stay here again,Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or315-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hideous,"Just don't do it to yourself! Mould, dirty, no towels, easy to be sick while sitting on the toilet because the sink is under your chin.  There are no facilities of any type.  If you like living like a student then this should be ok for you. Otherwise avoid it. ",Date of stay: June 2014,1.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or315-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Will not go there again,"I'm not at all sorry to say that what seemed like a good location, nice building....are not. The reception people are indifferent at best, blunt & rude at worst eg there is a vending machine near the elevators from which my son wanted water desperately. Tried but failed so we asked the girl (don't want to call her lady - she was Not) at the reception to help. She very loudly(we are Asians) told us that u insert the coin etcc...We Know That! Anyway, we walked down 10 mins away to a store, bought a bottle & returned - to find HER inserting a coin & retrieving a bottle for an American woman! I was livid but I am happy to say that my son has more culture than her...he said 'just walk away Mom, don't bother'.  We were waiting to run away from their stuffy, stifling old-smelly rooms.…",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or320-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Please don't stay at this hotel!,"This Hotel is the worse we have ever stayed in. Both receptionists were rude, unapologetic about services and state of rooms, unhelpful and not friendly or welcoming at all. The room was quite small, not very clean....there was 2 very smelly blankets in the cupboard,a smell of old and dusty  lingered in the whole place...the tv didn't work, the lifts were a bit crazy....although the bathroom was good and clean. On two occasions, the the fire alarm went on and off for no apparent reason. The breakfast was very simple but the kitchen ladies were very helpfull and were always making sure there was enough bread, etc.",Date of stay: May 2014,1.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or320-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",argh,"Hotel is not nicest one, and there is some problems.  Elevators don't work well, our TV didn't work, our neighbour get stuck in his room, firealarms ringing without reason etc. If you like extreme, take this. If not, take some other. Location was good.",Date of stay: May 2014,2.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or320-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid avoid avoid,This hotel is truly horrible.  Customer service stinks.   Very unprofessional.  Ever heard that you get what you pay for?  Well you don't!!!!!  Just try to call the hotel and very unlikely they will answer the telephone.  Although the location is good you will easily find far better hotels in the area.,Date of stay: April 2014,1.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or320-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty towers.,"Plus point clen. Cons Room tiny, dated and in dire need of upgrade/painting.  Serious issue re fire exit partially blocked by large roll of carpet and mattress. reported but no removal the following day on departure. Staff not aware of dangers and did not appear to be aware of general customer care. TV a joke. Fire alarm went off twice with a false alarm, one in middle of night. Such a great potential but lack of attention to detail.",Date of stay: April 2014,2.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or320-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good, moderate, budjet hotel","Rooms were ok, would recommend if you aren't staying inside the hotel for most of the time. Price was excellent for the area, if you are willing to compromise on quality. Had all the basic functions of a hotel room. Toilet holder was broken though, awkward to use. The bathroom was nicer than the bedroom. The floors throughout the hotel were a bit creaky/uneven. If you are lucky you could get the funky tiger bedsheet (as i did) which is really comfortable. Really old TV didn't work, a stone would have been more entertaining to watch. The breakfast choices weren't great, vegetarian/vegan options virtually nonexistent - if you don't eat meat/dairy/eggs bring your own breakfast food!",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or325-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",never again,"noisy, bad lock on the door, not very clean, staff are extremely rude (Except the cleaners) smoker room  I arrived in my non smokers room to find out someone had been smoking in there, I was rather disgusted but when I went to complain that said there was nothing they could do. when I was sleeping at night it was very noisy and my door had a very bad lock so it was vibrating all night long. the rooms were clean enough but I had a sense that deep down if i hadone of those lights, i would have found some dirty stuff. location was good and quiet. shame about the staff at the desk.",Date of stay: October 2013,2.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or325-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing Palacial,"Don't be fooled by the name - there is nothing ""palacial"" about this hotel. It's very basic. You get what you need, nothing more. Bed, bathroom, a place to put your things. It was quite cheap; I spent less than $200 for two nights, a decent price for a hotel in Notting Hill, London.  I stayed for two nights, using the hotel as a base of operations for a quick football trip to London. The hotel is based in an apartment block form the 1800s; there are several hotels, apartments and homes in the buildings in the area, apparently some having been turned into hotels. The neighbourhood is quiet - a typical residential area. It is just five minutes on foot away from Bayswater underground station, and even shorter to the pubs and various places to eat, in case the somewhat lacklustre…",Date of stay: April 2014,3.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or325-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for those on a budget,"This hotel was great. We booked it on the cheap at only £39 for a double room.   Great service from the word go. I had problems with the online booking system - but all was sorted out easily. Had a little trouble finding the hotel, but it was in a great area! Really nice view.  It was actually a triple room, with a spare bed- which was fine as we used it as a sofa! The room also had a bath and a shower- bathroom was much better than expected.  Bed was comfy.  Only downside was the noise from lots of kids at the hotel who must have been on exchange and two interruptions from people trying to clean our room.  Breakfast was perhaps a little more contintental than i was used to, but fine; all toast, yogurt, cheese , fruit , cereal etc.",Date of stay: April 2014,4.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or325-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Impeccable Service,"Friendly welcome at reception on entering this hotel.Most attentive to the needs of guests.Conveniently located in a pleasant area this clean hotel offers a good appetising breakfast in the morning consisting of toasted bread., tea,coffee and a variety of salad including delicious cheese,peanut butter etc., My single en-suite bedroom was clean however the bedcover could be nicer.Tea & coffee was plentiful but  I had to ask for milk every time.Hot & cold water readily available for showers etc., Great atmosphere in the hotel with lots of guests from many corners of the world. All thanks to the staff of this nice hotel.I hope to visit again.",Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or325-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, awful hotel! Avoid at all costs!","The room smelt of drains, there was damp on the ceiling, mould covering the windows sills. The door was too small for the frame- light and noise from outside flooded in all night. Room was grubby, marks all over the walls, dirty carpets. Beds were uncomfy, ancient bedding. Asked for a different room and was told there wasn't one. Tried to speak to the manager the next day who was conveniently absent. Made repeated attempts to complain since and had no response, or was just continually told the manager wasn't there.   Frankly I have never stayed anywhere where I have wanted to go home and boil all of my possessions after. It really was gross. I would not stay here if you paid me and my advice is to avoid it like the plague! ",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or330-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hotel,"I wanted a single room just for one night, the room was tiny but enough for me. I took a room with attached bathroom. Had no hassles. Queensway tube is nearby 6 -7 min walk. Provided breakfast in the morning.       ",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or330-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"I booked this hotel with the assumption that it's a single ensuite room because I saw ""single room with bathroom"", but when I was there, the bathroom is outside the room, although the room is very small, but it's ok for a budget hotel. The location is good, very close to so many tourist shops and restaurants, close to Bayswater and Queensway stations. The hotel has a nice and rich breaksfast. The staff are mostly multilingual and very friendly. The rooms and the hotel in general is neat.",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or330-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Spot On for: location, cleanliness, helpfulness!","We needed a hotel in London, reasonably reachable from the Royal Albert Hall, as we were attending the Radio 2 Folk Awards in February. My daughter found this hotel and, at £51 for the night including breakfast (which, by the way, far exceeded my expectations of a continental breakfast, especially the scrambled eggs!), this seemed to fit the bill. It's about 5 minutes not-too-brisk a walk from Bayswater tube station, with a number of restaurants near the station, so convenient for them, too. The room was sufficiently large for the two of us, with good en-suite facilities. The staff were very helpful and there was much evidence of cleanliness of the hotel being important, in addition to its welcoming ambience. All in all, we were very pleased with this 'find' and are happy to…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or330-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Unless money is a large barrier, don't stay here.","I stayed here from Feb. 16-20 of 2014. I booked my room through Hotels.com. While the actual room was fine (very small, but from what I understand that is the norm in London).   The decor is old and tacky but if you are out and about in the city all day it's not a problem, which it wasn't for us. I paid approx. $110 CAD per night, and I feel I did not get my moneys worth at all.  Wifi is NOT FREE and very expensive. Around $10 per day. Had to pay 1 GBP to ""rent"" a power adaptor for my North American devices. Also had to pay 50 pence for them to print my boarding passes. I didn't really have a problem with the actual sum I had to pay for these things, but the concept that they charge you for such a little thing is what bugged me.  The service was very poor. I was given attitude…",Date of stay: February 2014,2.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or330-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible!!,"I booked this hotel through Expedia and wanted to give it a chance although I saw some bad reviews. I got a room which is so small that I believe it cannot be marketed as a hotel room. I am 6ft tall and if I get up on my toes, I can touch the ceiling with my ELBOW. If I spread my arms I can touch walls on 3 sides of the room. I am some 12 inches short of touching the wall on the 4th side. It is that small! I tried to get another room but they told me it is one of the best single rooms they have. I don't know what is worse: if they are telling the truth or if that was actually the case. I am currently in the call with Expedia, but they are unable to reach the hotel. Horrible service from both Expedia and the hotel!",Date of stay: February 2014,1.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or335-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"The pros: the hotel is very well situated, for the price we paid I don't think we could have done better. kensington, notting hill, portobello are a 15 min walk away. bayswater and queensway underground station are very close: 5 min walk. there is a tesco, sainsbury's, mc' donalds and many small shops,  souvenir shops, a couple of bars and restaurants nearby (max 5 min walk).  they have a good breakfast but it is a bit crowded so it is better to arrive early. you can also make reservations for breakfast depending at which hour you wake up(I know it may sound strange but the breakfast room is really small so this way you're sure to find a seat) the cons: the rooms are in desperate need of renovation and could be cleaner. doors, windows, the noisy elevator seem a bit ancient.  I…",Date of stay: February 2014,3.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or335-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"From walking through the door into reception we was welcomed by the staff, The staff were very polite and friendly. The hotel looked very clean and the staff helped us with local places to visit for the night life and helped with taxi charges. The room was nice the sheets were all clean and the bathroom was very clean also.   The bed was very comfy and I only had to make a phone call to ask for a second pillow and it was at the room with in a few minutes.   Coming back to the hotel quite late at night the staff were still very polite and welcoming asked if we have everything we need and asked if we had  nice night. I had a very good nights sleep and it was a lovely continental breakfast in the morning.   After leaving the hotel I realised I left something in the room so I phoned…",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or335-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book this hotel unless you are desperate,We booked this hotel for a family weekend to celebrate my birthday. Unfortunately my mother died and we could not go. None the less the hotel refused to give us another date or refund. Yet everyone else from easy jet to London theaters and last minute all did so. No humanity or compassion. Don't they understand how important customer satisfaction is or do they just not care???,Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or335-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Bad value.,"Went to this hotel to stay for new years eve in London. I paid over 100 pounds a night. The room was cramped and old, with really bad sound isolation. Could hear the neighbours across the hall chatting. The air was so dry at night I got a sore throat and started coughing. Bathroom was ok, bad flushing and the side of the tub was finished with a plywood slab painted black. Warm water though. The breakfast included is not worth consideration if you ask me and the dining area is really small and cramped.  Ok if you pay under 50 a night. Some of the staff are helpful, other seems uninterrested.",Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or335-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible Hotel !!!,"This was absolutely the worst hotel we ever had the misfortune of staying in.  Tiny room; incredibly noisy; filthy; drunks roaming the halls at all hours of the night.  Free breakfast was like a cattle call with low quality: food, coffee, orange juice.  Surly non-english speaking staff.  Guest in room above us spent the night moving furniture around - no help from staff!  We were moved to another room on our second night at 2 am - this new room had no running water!  This was the last straw so we left the next morning.  Unfortunately, the hotel would not give us a refund.",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or340-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Nice enough!,"Got this room for £34 for one night, so it was worth the money, but would not pay any more. Room is adequate, everything works and looked clean, but was very small and quite noisy. There is a hairdryer. Breakfast was alright, no hot food (but none advertised) and the rest was adequate. Close to tube (Bayswater) so was very handy.   Not sure I'd hurry back, but it was nice for what we wanted.",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or340-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Three Meows,"This hotel has had some bad write-ups in the past but considering the price  and location, three meows would seem appropriate, i.e. Average. Booked and paid for a double room £41 with Lastminute.com a couple of months in advance. On checking in, the reception asked for my credit card to take £20 off it and said it would be returned the next day when I checked out. I complied with this request but always feel uncomfortable in case the money is not returned. Next morning on checkout, the reception said that the money would be automatically returned.  Not seen anything show up on my credit card balance yet, but will let you know here if any money is not returned. The hotel is a little strange with corridors and stairways going off in all directions. The room was also most…",Date of stay: January 2014,3.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or340-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",London at the Palace,"It was an interesting experience. We were traveling with our 20yr old daughter during Christmas and Boxing Day from Cali. We purchased through Hotels.com, which is owned by Expedia. They have a no refund policy on arrival day, The 3 person room is pictured as 3 twin beds online. Our room had a twin by the door, then the bathroom, then down some stairs to a double bed, with a 15"" T.V. It was a little better than motel 6, but not as good as a Hampton Inn. But $90.00/dy in London, sounded good during Christmas.  I would have went to another hotel if there was a refund policy. For some reason hotels look better online than in person.  I liked the walk to Queensway Road, which is about 5 mins. away. Queensway has a mall, lots of eateries, shops, pharmacy, grocery stores, Starbucks,…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or340-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pembridge Palace Hotel booked through Lastminute.com,If you only pay gbp 38.00 here it is probably what you would expect but we paid gbp 108 per night through Lastminute.com expecting it to be a good hotel for that kind of price.  The breakfast room was terrible and rain was leaking in onto one of the tables.  Our room had a single bed on the ground floor and then steps onto a balcony with a double bed and a single bed.  It sounds ok but you couldn't stand up on the balcony.  The ceiling wasn't high enough.  The bathroom was tiny and you had to hold on to the sink to climb out of the bath.  The hotel was dated and the receptionists weren't friendly at all.  They were probably used to getting lots of complaints.  The only good thing about this hotel was the location.,Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or340-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pembridge Palace Hotel,"The position of this hotel is very good, close to Hyde Park and Notting Hill Gate, 5-10 minutes walking from Portobello road. The area around is simply beautiful. At the hotel receptionists/concierge were always not that kind when you approached them to ask information. They always seemed annoyed and sometimes they didn’t even look at you when you were talking to them: they just kept on doing what they were doing. We got a tiny room in the basement .The room was very small and hadn’t been cleaned properly. The blanket wasn’t so clean.   The breakfast was very simple and not very well organized. The cost was too high for the kind of service that they could provide.",Date of stay: December 2013,1.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or345-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",They're thieves!!!,"I'm a Londoner but for personal reasons I needed to book a hotel room. Anyway, I booked a room, canceled it the following day and ended up paying £38!!! What the hell is that for??? They even didn't waste time, they took the money straight away! I knew that London had rubbish hotel but now it's all confirmed! I'd better ruin myself, stay at the Dorchester and get what I really deserve!! London cheap hotels are so crap!!",Date of stay: January 2014,1.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or345-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good enough,"We stayed here for 14 nights and tomorrow is our last day in London. At first I was scared after reading the reviews but after staying here, its a cosy and nice hotels. During breakfast you can see lots of people stayed here, families and couples. The room was comfortable and every day they cleaned our room with new towels. Yes it didnt have wifi but most shops in London have wifi so you wont miss it that much. Thank you for the services and hopes the hotel can change the deco a bit. ",Date of stay: December 2013,4.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or345-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",great location,"Though this hotel is old and outdated (doesn't even have a wi-fi), but it has a nice romantic vibe. We had a huge window with the view on an inner garden and a balcony.  As there was a large radiator in the room, we even had to open the window to let some cool air in, though it was cold outside.  Breakfast was ok, and the staff pretty helpful.  The best thing about this place is its location - less than 5 min walk from Hide Park and Bayswater tube station. You can hardly find anything better for a price like that in the neighbourhood.",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or345-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but average property!!,"This hotel is located very close to Hyde Park and Marble Arch(shopping lane of London). Had a very small room and glass wall so you can expect the room to be very cold if you turn off the heating.The curtains were big and the bed was too small!! Just for the location, one can book this hotel.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or345-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great little hotel,"I really can't understand some of the reviews on here. We paid 110 for 1 night for 5 of us in a fantastic location in London! What on earth do you want for the money?!  Yes the hotel is outdated & our curtains were abit dusty but I have stayed in a lot worse for bigger price! We got a lovely welcome from the lady on reception who was helpful gave us a map & gave us advise for nearest tube.  The hotel was a short walk to the tube and If like us you want to see a lot of London I highly recommend the zone 1 & 2 pass, it's £7.30 all day & takes you to all the main parts of London. It was ridiculously fast.  There was tea & coffee provided, toiletries in the bathroom, bedding was clean! I was surprised at the breakfast the scrambled eggs were yummy.  If you want a cheap hotel with…",Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or350-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Insects in my bed,The worst hotel I have stayed in. Small rooms. Bad food.  The worst thing is that in my bed there was a lot of insects. Now my body is full of bites.  Total disappointment.  I will never return in this hotel,Date of stay: December 2013,2.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or350-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Quite good value in Bayswater,"Compared to London standards, rooms at the Pembridge Palace Hotel are quite inexpensive. The location is perfect - the underground stations Bayswater and Notting Hill Gate are both within ten minutes walking distance, and Portobello Road in Notting Hill is only 500 meters away. The rooms are small and there is very little room for luggage, hardly any at all. The TV has a digital receiver - but the screen is an old 17 inch CRT television. The bathroom is okay - but everything in this hotel has a worn down look. Breakfast is free and is served in a surprisingly large - but still crowded - restaurant room in the basement. The selection at the buffet is basic but otherwise okay. If you are looking for anything more than a basic room with a private bath - you will need to dig deeper…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or350-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hideous. AVOID!,This is by far the worst and dirtiest hotel I have stayed in. The rooms are tiny and do not look like the ones shown on the website. The walls in our room were covered in dirty marks and there was a blood stain above the bed on the wall. The window was surrounded by damp which had just been painted over. The sheets and duvet cover were stained. WORST of all there were hairs on the pillows and hairs from where someone had shaved in the sink. We were so disgusted we didn't even stay. We complained to hotel who REFUSED to issue a refund with no explanation.  Save your money. Stay somewhere else.,Date of stay: November 2013,1.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or350-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","family stay, new years eve","sorry taken a while to write, was dubious about staying after reading reviews but was so happy we did, 1st the location is fantastic, felt very safe as you can see with the title we was walking back to the hotel at 1.30am new years eve/morning from the tube, no problem. our room was in the basement but had windows and there was enough space for the 4 of us, we found it quiet and didn't hear noise from the other rooms, there was paint peeling on the ceiling but was only cosmetic faults like that, it was very clean, tea/coffee facitlies was plenty and the showerroom was clean and comfortable to use too. overall the hotel is old and not modern but we thought it was really good value for money, staff was friendly & helpfull and the breakfast was more than enough. would definately…",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or350-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, good prices, nice stay","I'm not sure what / where these other people stayed to give this place a bad review, we  enjoyed our stay there immensely. For the location in London, a major factor in finding a place to stay, this place was everything we wanted it to be.   When staying in London the first criteria for a hotel must be location, it must be safe, and how far out do you want to be? If you get a zone 1&2 subway (tube) day pass 7.5L per person, you can access the entire downtown very easily. This place is a short walk to the bayswater underground station. The room was clean and comfortable. The first couple of nights there we stayed in a 3 bed room (WiFi in the room as it is on the main floor <room G02). Then we switched to a double room for the last 2 nights.  The price of the room includes…",Date of stay: November 2013,5.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or355-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Good location with easy access to central london , the hotel felt very cosy althoughth the rooms are a little bit on the small side but it was a three beded room , a little noisey if staying on the first floor as u can hear everyone above you  Overall a good hotel with a warm feel about it ",Date of stay: November 2013,4.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or355-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",very good,"the location is really good, you can achieve two metro stations within 5 minutes walk, silenzione hotel and the room clean. the breakfast is plentiful with a good choice to eat. quiet and safe even late at night       ",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or355-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Nice to stay and very good location,In reading some of the reviews I had been doubting if I should really take this hotel - but I am GLAD I DID. It was nice - friendly staff - small room but OK  - price /quality was really GOOD - Clean. GREAT locatiion. Parks in the neighbourhoodI  ...also saw this men working (scaffolding) but why should I be bothered about THAT? GOOD that they work - and good these works are being done! I enjoyed and would choose the same again.,Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or355-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A very good hotel if on a lower budget,"The hotel was easy to find, and it's not too far from the nearest tube station (Bayswater). The room was comfy, but the battery didn't work and so it was cold during the night, but we got used to it. Wifi didn't work in the room either, but only in the lobby, and they charge £7 for it a day. We asked for a vegetarian breakfast but they didn't have one. Otherwise a good hotel, comfortable beds, TV worked and the room had a water boiler, teabags, coffee, sugar and a blow-dryer. The staff was very kind and helpful also. Recommended, if little flaws don't bother you!",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or355-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",OK if you want to hear polish accents outside your bedroom window.,"I'm writing this review as I sit in my room here, outside my window is scaffolding and all day long I have polish workmen looking in at me( I'm eye level with them), no one warned me that this would be the case when I made my booking, the receptionist was rude and unhelpful when I was checking in, so avoid at all costs unless like I say, you want noisy polish builders outside your window all day and absolutely no privacy.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or360-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute horrible experince staying here. Avoid.,"My ""room"" in this hotel was cramped, chilly, humid, filthy and with the private bathroom (which I upon booking assumed meant enclosed) two stairs up. The staff present wasn't unfriendly at all, but indifferent at best. Can't really say anything bad (or good for that matter) about the breakfast, a standard buffet of coffee, toast, jam, scrambled eggs, yoghurt and cereals.         Wouldn’t even recommend this hotel to a person on a tight budget or when there was no other vacancies around, better of staying home. This is the kind of experience that could ruin a holiday.",Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or360-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worth every cent,"My 2 teenage daughters and I travelled for the first time to London in August.I was worried about not knowing the area and how accessible it would be to undergrounds or London centre.It was perfect-just a brief easy walk to Bayswater tube stop, walking distance to Kensington Gardens,perfect market street of curios,supermarkets and reasonable cafes.Being 3 women on their own worried me but we felt perfectly safe. The hotel was neat,tidy and our triple room was great with a modern bathroom. Breakfast was surprisingly varied and enjoyable-it was a pity we were only there for 2 nights.Great value for money",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or360-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",glad to be out of there.,"Ah, such a misleading name. This place is far from a palace. Dear fellow adventurers, turn around right now and run. Save yourselves. The hotel is falling apart and the staff is as helpful as a pile of bricks. The location is fine, but really not worth all the trouble.  I stayed at this hotel in 2011 with my mum and a friend, and everything was fine, so I thought, ""hey, why not stay at that nice hotel again this year. It's cheap and comfortable!"" Hahaha, WRONG. Cheap, yes. Comfortable? Not so much. This time I was traveling solo, my first time ever staying at a hotel all by myself, and I cannot fully express just how stressful my stay at Pembridge (non)Palace was.   First of all, the location of my room. Wow. From day one, I started calling it the Doom Room. So many stairs and…",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or360-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",utter dump,Palace? That's a joke. Looks fantastic on the pictures but the truth is very different. The place needs gutting and refurbishing. Damaged furniture and fittings. Shower didn't drain. Strange smell. worn bed clothes. poor state of repair. Find a different hotel,Date of stay: September 2013,1.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or360-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Unsafe and cramped,"Fortunately I only needed this Hotel for one night as I was flying home the next day. The room was barely big enough for a bed and a table with a tv. The window curtains lay right on top of the electric heater/radiator. A previous guest had unplugged the electrics, and no wonder as they featured exposed wiring hanging out of the wall. I alerted the manager, and he found me another outlet in the room but it still left a poor taste in my mouth. There were no tea amenities in the room as there had been in all the other hotels I'd stayed in. The lobby was well appointed though. There was an advertisement on the table(sanctioned by the management it appeared) for arranging cab fare to various places in London but the rates seemed extravagant. The bathroom, thought private, was in a…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or365-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for,Well located for commuting in & out of the city. Less than 5 mins walk from Bayswater tube station. Rooms built for hobbits! Mezzanine floors have been built into rooms to provide more bed space but unable to stand up straight on upper floor. Bathrooms tiny & damp  smelling due to lack of ventilation. Price very competitive which is fine if you don't intend spending any time in room. TV provided but hanging in ridiculous place so you can't watch it from upstairs or bed downstairs. Need to sit on chair/floor. I watched it through a mirror. Didn't bother with breakfast after 1st day as not up to much. As the saying goes 'you get what you pay for'.,Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or365-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","The ""Bed Bug"" Palace","The hotel is infested with bed bugs. My wife, my 7 year old son and I suffered from severe bed bug bites during our stay at this hotel. Having never experienced bed bug bites we initially thought they were mosquito bites, since it was hot and we left the window open. After a couple of nights the bites well all over our bodies and we complained at reception. They changed our room (initially 311 and then 413) but the problem was even worse. At the time of writing this review we are all under medical care for this problem.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or365-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Place to stay,"We stay on this hotel for 5 nights, the rooms are small but that is London, near to many restaurants and shops, Close to Bayswater and Queensway Metro, many buses that take you to the center if you ask, the cleaning was good, and the service can be improve with a Little bit more of Customer Service Training, the only Big Minus is the Internet, no free WI-Fi Come on its 2013 people need Wireless, so next time at least that has to be already fix, breakfast was good and the service was really nice, we spend most the night there but still i recommend this Place its really Nice and central",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or365-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel in Notting Hill,"Family of 4 in London for 3 nights. Hotel has average standard. Small rooms relatively clean. Breakfast average. 5 min walk to Tube station Bayswater. Quiet area. WIFI costs extra. No Air Conditioning in the rooms. Very good help from Reception, especailly Tee, who helped us with our voyage to Paris.",Date of stay: August 2013,3.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or365-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Ok for £66,"Positives... Decent location Nice neighbourhood Clean bedding Good shower Kettle etc Good tv reception Good view over gardens Clean bathroom  Breakfast passable  Negatives...... Room smelt on arrival Only one plug socket Damaged towels Carpet threadbare No aircon but fans available Balcony dangerous,loose railings No baggage storage  Overall... For £66 through booking.com this was ok but had we paid more I'd be a bit gutted.  ",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or370-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible dont visit this hotel,are bathroom was flooded water comeing from the lights the staff didnt seem to care","This hotel is the worst iv ever stayed in,glass cleaner to clean the dinning room tables,dirt all over the window ledge carpets have seen better days,blood stays on the bedding,electric kept tripping due to the water,staff unhelpful and rude,the manager doesn't seem to what to help so hides instead,I wouldn't advice anyone to stay in this hotel,as they don't seem to care for general health and safety",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or370-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good base for one night,"Found this a very good base for a one night stay, room was a touch on the small side, and although dated was clean.  Bathroom was ok.    Two strange things, this was the first UK hotel we have had to produce photo ID for, despite having a UK address.  Thing we were asked to let them know what time we would be having breakfast , which I suppose was understandable ish.  However when we arrived the following morning, no one took our room number and the only table available was tucked away in the corner, very difficult to get to.  If we hadn't been asked for the time the night before would have been happy.  As it was, not happy so left.  Stay again? Only for one night and if nothing else available.",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or370-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worst!,"The Pembridge is in a good neighborhood, but the street it is on is full of bad hotels.  We walked in and the lobby was 2 and a half star quality.  The receptionist was not friendly, happy, or helpful.  I kind of had a bad felling when we were walking to our extremely expensive room.  We opened the door and there was a strong smell of urine!  The bed was disgusting- brown and stained.  The toilet bowl was completely dirty.  TERRIBLE!",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or370-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible hotel - writing this from my room on my 1 night stay!,"Overpriced, terrible staff, even worse rooms. £200 for 1 night and I would have been better off in a hostel. DO NOT STAY HERE!  I have never written a review in my life but had to let people know how bad this was! Mould in the bathroom, net curtains that look like a tequila sunrise (graduated shades of yellow), a TV that picks up only 3 channels and staff that are extremely rude.  The youth hostel 4 doors down looks more appealing. A tired old hotel the likes of which even Basil Faulty wouldn't touch!",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or370-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great budget hotel,"Stayed here for a weekend,although the room was small it had everything including a hairdryer and tea making facilities.The breakfast was cold buffet but the amount of food that was on offer was fantastic,the waitresses were replenishing the food all the time.The reception staff were very nice and nothing was too much trouble.....I would stay here again and the price of £49 for 2 nights was FANTASTIC......A 10 minute walk and you were in Kensington Gardens and Bayswater Road was brilliant there was every eating place imaginable.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or375-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, old hotel!","The hotel has a close to centar location, but the rooms and the furniture were VERY OLD (the carpet was torned), and smelt bad. The room was very small, the closet was extremely small, but the bath was renewed and was OK. The breakfast was OK, but the same choise every day. ",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or375-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Basic, needs modernising","This is in a great location. Very short walk to Bayswater tube  which is only one stop from Paddington and only a few stops from Kensington. This was my reason for picking this hotel. This area is nice, loads of large houses down this road, many of which are also hotels and may be worth checking out in preference to this hotel! also near the tube are loads of shops, there are lots of places to get food, drink etc, pub, restaurants, and supermarkets stay open really late too.    The hotel staff were efficient but I wouldnt say friendly. We had no cause to speak to the staff after checking in so I can't review them really. We checked in easily.   The room was clean although we found a lump of hairs in the blanket! The room was cleaned nicely the next day too. The bed was ok,…",Date of stay: June 2013,2.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or375-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Aww Never again,"OMG, never again!!... I should spent 10 sterling more for a better quality room, tiny tiny tiny room, felt like I was staying in the closet! OMG, never again, far away from the town…its drove me crazy.!.. no Never again !!!",Date of stay: May 2013,2.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or375-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointment!,"I picked this hotel for my family for two nights in London based on the good reviews in booking.com, but every member of the family had something negative to say about the stay.  The family rooms were very small, our room had 2 single beds and 1 double bed for 4 people; the bathroom had a shower head next to the toilet with only a half glass screen separating the two, after the first person took a shower, the entire bathroom floor would be wet, making the floor dangerous for everyone; the blankets on the beds had holes and the beds were very hard; Internet access was only possible in the very small lobby of the hotel; and the breakfast was average.",Date of stay: June 2013,1.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or375-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, short walk to tube.","This hotel was good for a short London break in a good location, we used Queensway tube as it is on the central line, but Bayswater is a short walk away too. Lots of restaurants and shops in the location. Our room was adequate although it had a strange wet dog type of smell. The shower worked well. Not luxury by any means but fine for 3 nights. The breakfast was basic but good too, but please change the CD it was the same one every morning,(Alanis Morrisette?) on a loop I guess? Staff were pleasant and helpful.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or380-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Below average,"I stayed at the Pembridge Palace for 4 nights in March 2013. I was looking to spend the least amount of money, and chose the cheapest hotel in this area I could find without selecting dormitory or shared bathroom. I chose a single room with private bathroom outside the room. Expectations were low after reading other reviews, therefore the hotel was about as I expected.  The room was small and cozy, okay for sleeping, but not much more than that. The bedding was clean, but the walls and the carpet in the room could use a more thorough cleaning. The bathroom was in the hallway, half a floor down. It was tiny and had a hole in the door, but it was very clean. One of the nights it began to drip from the ceiling in my room from what I think was a type of fire extinguisher or…",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or380-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The Finest in Subterranean Living,"I had a squalid little room on the lowest level.  Carpet was dirty and the room stank.  Bed and sheets were more or less clean.  Breakfast had the usual low value carbohydrate items, no meat or eggs, some cheese. but there was a microwave.  Expand your culinary breakfast assortment at the nearby Tesco or Sainsburys.  Not cheap, but lousy.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or380-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap but not terrible.,"I do not ususally write reviews, but having read the previous reviews for this hotel, I felt inclined to do so. I must admit I was a bit daft and booked the Pembridge Palace Hotel before I read up the reviews, and was starting to panic. Mice in the room? Freezing cold at night? Dirty and mouldy? We had booked a triple room, and were placed on the second floor. We knew to expect a small room, but honestly, we were in London to be out and about sightseeing as much as possible, not spending much time in the room, so we were not overly bothered about the lack of space. The bathroom smelled strongly of disinfectant, so we knew it had been cleaned earlier that morning, and there was no mould or dirt to be seen.The shower was powerful enough and the water was scalding hot. The beds…",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or380-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Inexpensive and central,"The Pembridge Palace is not Ritz, but I didn't expect it either:-) The Hotel was central in Bayswater, not far from Hyde Park ( good for jogging trips in the morning) The rooms are small but clean, and they made the beds and put in fresh towels every day. The water didn't go out of our bathroom sink, but when I told the staff, it was fixed in a blink. The breakfast was included, but was maybe not that impressive. My diabetes 2 prevent me from chocolate and jam, but cheese and tomatoes made sure I wasn't hungry. We were three persons, so it was a bit cramped in the little room. How ever we was not in London to stay in the Hotel, only to sleep there so it really didn't matter. The area is quiet and it was not much noise from the other rooms. So if you are looking for a central,…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or380-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You Get What You Pay For,"I guess I should have known that cheap hotels in London are bad but the fact that I got a single room WITHOUT a bathroom came as a shock. It had supposedly told me so on the internet site but frankly I did not think that these rooms existed in a hotel anymore. One night and £ 30 later I moved to a single with bathroom, which was much better. All rooms are small but I did see 105 , a double, which looked nice and so I would suspect that 105,205 , 305 and 405 are the best rooms. The location of the hotel is great with Hyde Park a few minutes away and Notting Hill on the other side. So if you are looking for a cheap hotel and do not care about size of room and overall shabbiness then this is ok. Personally, I would pay another £ 50 pppn and get a nicer hotel.",Date of stay: May 2013,3.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or385-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Near to many halal/muslim restaurants,"stayed about 4 nights in family room. very close to baywaters station. Probably 10-15 mins walk to hyde park. many HALAL restaurants, Tesco express and souvenir shops near by . room is kinda small, but its acceptable. toilet is clean. Dont mind to come back next time!",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or385-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",OK for us,"It was the best hotel on the street, wasnt sure after reading other reviews but its an old house converted to a hotel, not the Hilton, what do you expect for 3 star! Breakfast was disappointing, in the cramped downstairs restaurant. The room was small but adequate for our needs with everything you would expect. Othes were noisy but we were under the staircase so cant stop people banging doors!",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or385-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Reinforcing preconceptions,"I've always thought the best thing about London is the road out..no matter what the nature of my visit, the prospect of going home is a driving factor in getting through it. Not for me, the seething mass of toxic greed and vacuous materialism..I prefer to define the UK by everything but London (can we not get it to declare independence??)....and so to this hotel...initially impressed, my opinion was soon downgraded when I got into my broom cupboard of a room...a thin slither of floor space between two floors with a bathroom and toilet two flights of stairs away...beware if you get room 112 especially if claustrophobia is your bag...it's a bit like platform 9 3/4 in Harry Potter...only just about exists within your imagination. Even an Easy hotel room is bigger and better than…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or385-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but ok,"I agree with travellers that this hotel is hard to find - also it's annoying that wifi isn't free and is quite expensive in comparison to other hotels I've stayed at. Room was small, but bathroom was nice and modern. Lift was very old and clunky and took a while to get from the top floor to the ground floor. Breakfast spread was nice. Basic accommodation but ok for price paid - don't expect anything special though.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or385-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel or hostel?,"First off, I have to agree with other reviewers who've complained about this hotel being difficult to find...it's a nightmare, and one that isn't helped by the fact that a building number isn't included in the address on the booking information. Prince's Square is about 10 minutes walk from Bayswater/Queensway station, tucked away down a series of side streets. In addition to this, the whole square is full of hotels, so you're left wandering up and down trying to locate the right one- the sign at the front of the building doesn't exactly stand out, either. We were lucky in that we found a local to ask who knew roughly which bit it was on, but we'd been up and down for a long time before that and so were a bit annoyed, to say the least. The building is quite grand, Georgian, I…",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or390-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable for the price paid,"My sister and I stayed 4 nights at Pembridge Palace Hotel.  The twin room was very small even by London standards. The beds were against the walls to each side and there was approx.18 inches space between the beds. There were 4 hangers in the wardrobe, barely enough for one guest, never mind two. However it was clean, the beds were comfortable and the bathroom had a tub which was nice and we had housekeeping every day, The hotel is convienently situated in a quiet area about a 10 minute walk from Bayswater Underground.  The buffet style breakfast was plentiful and kept replenished by the staff.  It offered tinned fruit, yoghurt, cereal, toast, hard boiled eggs, cheese etc....and the breakfast room was pleasant enough. I can't comment much on the friendliness or otherwise of the…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or390-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Cheap hotel, you get what you pay for.","The hotel was clean, but very basic. Lots of school trips so it was very noisy in the evening and early mornings, my room was in the basement and close to the breakfast room so i was woken early with people talking etc.  I don't think i would stay again, because it was noisy and was difficult to get a full night sleep.  On the plus side it is close to the underground.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or390-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Strategic,"The hotel was not bad, the best thing about this place is that it was close to the Bayswater Underground station which made it easier to travel around the city. Also they are many restaurants and shops within walking distance ranging from different cuisines. The hotel itself could be a little more spacious, but it was good enough. not a wide variety of breakfast.",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or390-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Somewhere to bed down for the night at short notice,"Needed somewhere to stay and had 3 hours to find a hotel. The Pembridge Palace was a good price, had a room for 3 adults and was just round the road from where we were. Booked in on-line. The room smelled musty when we went in. Very small room, double bed and a single very close together. Beds were very firm which I like. Portable TV with digi box. Kettle and hair dryer. Bathroom tiny but clean. Bath with shower over bath (very small bath). Receptionist a bit miserable but once I smiled and chatted to her she cheered up and was very helpful. Guests in room above we're very noisy, slamming doors and moving furniture. There were a lot of foreign students staying there of all ages. Breakfast was included and dining room was clean. Food was fresh and continually replaced. Dining…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or390-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Central Location, Tiny Room, Good Value","Small hotel in one of those gorgeous Georgian row houses near Hyde Park. Relatively clean, inviting, has an elevator and 24 hour front desk service. Frot desk was friendly and helped reserve a cab for early on our departure day.   Our room overlooked the park; request this if possible, the view was gorgeous in spring and we fed pigeons on our window ledge.   The location is right smack where you want to be if traveling; Paddington Station nearby, Bayswater and Queensway Tube Stations within a few blocks walk.   In the middle of May we paid about $130 per night which was one of the best rates for Central London. We reserved about 3 days in advance.  The double bed room was obviously for sleeping purposes only, hardly any room to even stack bags on the floor. Would be way to…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or395-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Tiny bathroom,"Stayed as a single but a triple room split on two levels, but you can't stand up on the top floor also cannot see the tv from the double bed! But good value for money and very clean. Also reasonable location but to find it you have to ask the locals.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or395-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",My stay at the hotel.,"OK rooms, the breakfast was rather poor. The services ok - but totally we will next time need a 4 star hotel. The location was ok, but it was hard to find the way to the hotel. Total the stay at the hotel was under pari.       ",Date of stay: March 2013,2.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or395-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and easy!,"This hotel seems to be getting bad reviews but I stayed there recently at the bargain price of £32 per night. When I go to London for pleasure, I don't go there to stay in the hotel all night, I just want a place that's decent to crash and this hotel certainly provides that. It's around the corner from Bayswater and Queensway tube station and a 3 minute walk to Hyde Park. Another plus was the large window that opened up to a little balcony. Don't get me wrong, it's not a pretty sight and no room to hang out there - but if you're a smoker like me then this is a huge bonus in any hotel as it saves those trips down to reception and outside the door every time you want a ciggy! I also noticed that they provide a shuttle bus for around £15 to Heathrow and Gatwick airports - this is…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or395-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, courteous, compact & good location","We stayed overnight. The hotel is in a good location (5 mins from Bayswater tube & 7 mins fron Lancaster Gate tube). It is clean, tidy & the staff are very pleasant. The rooms are compact, but more than adequate. The bathroom had been up upgraded & the room redecorated. There is a pleasant shopping centre nearby, nice pubs & a wide selection of restaurants. The breakfast was continental, but a very wide choice, with cereals, toast, french bread, cheese, eggs, tomatoes & spreads - very popular with some of the travelling youngsters visiting London!  The hotel is quiet & overlooks a very pleasant square. It is extremely good value for money & a great base for visiting the city (only a 15 min walk to Marble Arch).  Hyde Park & kensington gardens within 5 mins walk.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or395-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hitty missy but this time a hit,"The Pembridge Palace Hotel always offers extremely good value but in our experience can be a bit hit and miss. Last time we stayed we ended up in an odd room with a double and single bed with little space to manoeuvre round and a TV which didn't work. But the breakfast was good. This time a rather nice re-furbished room on the ground floor with full en suite facilities and coffee and tea making available.  The Pembridge is the sort of place favoured by students from all over the world and they packed reception as we arrived and left. So if you are of a certain age it's best if you like young people. A few of them disturbed our sleep a little bit during the early hours just having fun. It wasn't too bad. Breakfast is a highlight at this low budget hotel with bread, eggs, cheese…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or400-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",great one night stay,"I booked this hotel for myself and an adult son at last minute to go to a sporting event in London. I asked for a twin and this was provided. check in was 1pm, we arrived at 12.30 but room was made ready for about 12.45. hotel and room were clean and beds were comfortable. Bathroom was very clean and not as small as some in the locality. Breakfast was just ok (continental) but at the price was good. service was very good and a number of staff replenished the breakfast items regularly. a deposit of £20 was taken from my debit card on arrival (room was pre paid) but refunded after we left the hotel. this was great for a short stay (1-2 nights) and we had no complaints.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or400-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Basic,"I don't know what all the fuss is about. If you're expecting a courtyard then this is not for you. If you're looking for budget accommodation then you'll be fine. They are clean, rough around the edges. The breakfast is fine, be prepared to pay for wifi. The Tv's are tricky to work. It is more like a hostel or 2 star hotel. At night it is very noisy and I don't know why. Maybe because of the price point it attracts a certain customer. I'm not sure. Yes school groups stay here. Some are behaved and some not. What can you do? Stay somewhere else if that will bother you. The front desk staff are pleasant and if you're looking for budget accommodation then you might like it just fine.",Date of stay: March 2013,3.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or400-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",terrible hotel,"I was very disaointed with my experience at the Pembridge Hotel, especially as my wife is pregnant. To say it was uncomfortable, is an undertstatement. It was close to unbearable. I tried to leave as soon as I saw the very small room I was given, but I was told I could not have a refund.  The room was very small, and freezing cold. The receptionist told me that the heating was only turned on for 2 hours a day.  The old Victorian windows, let in a lot of cold air, it was terrible, very draughty.  And the worse thing had to be the fact that it was raining, yes, raining, inside my room in the morning. Freezing water literally running down the walls - it was like something from a horror movie.  The coffee machine did not work, the internet did not work, and to top it off, we had 50…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or400-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away from the Pembridge Palace!,"I stayed at the Pembridge Palace (if you can even call it a palace) in late Feburary with a large group of friends on a London trip and i will never return. Before i went i did read reviews that mentioned mice and bed bugs but i decided to go with an open mind. The hotel is an absolute joke! We arrived before check in time and we were asked to leave our luggage which is understandable. However,our luggage was not left in a secure room but left in the middle of the lobby. Once checking in and finally getting our rooms, the rooms we origanlly booked (5 rooms of 4), had been changed to smaller rooms and less people which caused a lot of confusion. When we were given our rooms keys we went to our rooms to find that some of the people in our party had been given a key to a room that…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or400-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",An average stay,Booked a room here last minute in order to travel via London for a holiday the following day. Was very impressed with the price for the location. The hotel is a bit dated and basic but good value. Room was in basement and very small and rather noisy. The hotel seemed popular with large groups of students and they did make a lot of noise in the evening. Overall for one night stay it was good value and I was impressed with the breakfast selection that was included in the price!,Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or405-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Won't be going back.,"The staff were polite friendly and tried their best. Breakfast is very good, so no complaints there.  But my room was a disaster: tiny, dingy, loud, cold and the T.V. didn't work. The fllor was damp because water was leaking from the radiator. I told reception about this but they weren't able to fix it.  Worst of all, there was a pervasive smell of cigarette smoke in the stairwell outside my room. Since, I have asthma, this was a serious problem for me.The bathroom wasn't serviced, towels wren't changed and shampoo wasn't replaced.  Think very carefully before you book this hotel. If you must stay there, I hope your experience is better than mine.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or405-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in London,"I travel to London every week and have stayed in hundreds of different hotels, but never felt the need to write a review ever before...except now. I actually stayed in this hotel 3 times...thinking that a previous bad experience was perhaps accidental...but no. This hotel is consistently bad. The location is fine, however that is all I can list as positives. The first week I was put in a room next to the generator/lift that was incredibly noisy.  The second week I was moved to another floor, however my bedside light, kettle and heater didn't work properly. The shower seemed to flood after 5 minutes. And this was not the end! By all means stay in this hotel if your idea of a pleasant stay is sharing your floor with a hundred noisy Italian school children one week, a hundred…",Date of stay: February 2013,1.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or405-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",alan,"I booked this hotel for a budget weekend trip to london for a group of 10 friends.I found the service at the hotel first class,with very friendly staff.The rooms were on the small side, but clean with a super shower.The location was very good with 2 underground stations within easy walking distance and plenty of bars,cafes,shops and restaurants nearby.The service and value for money were the highlights of our stay,with the lifts not working, on arrival at the hotel on our first night,the only low point.         ",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or405-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pembridge Palace,"We found this hotel clean, tidy and excellent value for money. Rooms a little small, but clean and comfortable, great showers with plenty hot water. The hotel is in a nice area of London, with the city center easy accessable via Bayswater or Queensway a short walk away.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or405-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Noisy, smelly, and unhelpful staff","The only thing redeeming this dreadful hotel is the price, if you can get a good enough bargain. The staff were really unhelpful, and made us wait to check-in while they ate their dinner (and a queue to check-in built up). You have to pay for internet access. The rooms are not very clean. And you can hear every person walking down the corridor or in the rooms next door, so it's hard to sleep with all the noise.",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or410-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Beware the Palace in the name does not reflect the building we stayed at.,"Stayed here for one night in January and was a last minute booking and with the snow there was very little choice available. Initial impressions from the outside were good, and that is where it ended. The receptionist made us feel very unwelcome and as if we were disturbing he’s evening.  The room was just big enough for two people and any movement inside was restricted to one person at a time. The electrics looked dangerous with sockets hanging loose so we didn’t turn anything on. On a positive note the bed was comfortable; however sleep disturbed by the constant noise from the corridor. I could even make allowances for late night revellers but this just seemed to be people wondering about opening and shutting doors.   Hotel is in a great location for central London and only 5…",Date of stay: January 2013,1.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or410-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, ok hotel, good on a budget.","This hotel is in a perfect location.  Excellent access to Hyde park, Kensington Palace, and Royal Albert Hall.  Very close walk to District, Circle and Central Tube lines. Easy access to all airports. Great neighbourhood. The hotel itself is just ok. Nothing special or fancy. Rooms were clean but very small. Staff were blasé.  The breakfast which was included was good. The wifi is expensive and slow.  Good hotel on a budget, plenty of amenities such as restaurants and shops within minutes on foot.",Date of stay: February 2013,3.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or410-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A good stay.,"It was a little hard at first to find but once found we didn't know why it took so long. Hotel is right next to a tube station and lots of shops. The room was a little small and no mini fridge. The room needed a little repairs and it would have been lovely. The breakfast was nice and staff friendly, the rooms was cleaned well daily. We stayed for three nights and enjoyed most the stay. The wall was a little thin and noise could be heard above and around us from other rooms. Great hotel if you want to sight see but not spend to much time in.        ",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or410-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,"First impressions when walking in were that this was going to be a nice hotel to stay in (for the price at least), however we soon found our opinions changing. We were given room 120 (reason for stating the room number will be apparent shortly), which on first glace was small but for the price we paid was pretty much what we expected. It went downhill from there! My first issue came with the 2-3 inch gap under the bedroom door, which meant privacy was out of the question, we had to use towels to block the gap. I then went to plug my phone in to charge and accidently nudged the tv plug, which sent a small shock up my arm, an obvious safety risk. We then woke at 2am to the sound of rustling in one of our bags, only to find a mouse had found its way into the room through a rather…",Date of stay: February 2013,2.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or410-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",An old hotel in a great location,"Booked six nights here for a business trip last week. Had a nice double room with two single beds, shower and large bath. Room was serviced every day. Yes the hotel is a little old fashioned but this is Victorian London where the buildings are over 120 years old. These hotels add a little charm to a stay in London. If you want faster elevators, HD TV and wifi then book a more modernly built hotel.  It is a little like stepping back into the 20th century but for the price I got a nice room for I certainly would not complain!  Great location with pubs and stores just 3 minutes walk away.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or415-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Small rooms. Very outdated. Clean. Noisy old building. Elevator is slow.  Close to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens which was great for me because I am a morning runner and the park is big enough to run for quite a while. There were many other runners there as well.  The Tube stop at Bayswater is 5 minutes away.  Hotel was a challenge to find depending on which side of the square you find first. I eventually found it but it took about 10 minutes once I found the street.  Breakfast was typical (coffee, cereals, cheeses, toast). Wifi is not good.  Very weak signal.  I kept getting booted off.  Shower has great water pressure. All in all, a good budget hotel suited for people wanting to save money on a room that you will not spend much time in because you are too busy taking in all…",Date of stay: January 2013,3.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or415-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Doesn't live upto the name,"Finding the place was the start of all, the postcode given didn't take us to the hotel and we had to check every hotel nearby. The rooms are very small and congested.There is hardly any space to keep your bags or to move around.I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone atleast for the price I paid.",Date of stay: December 2012,1.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or415-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely location and great price, good budget hotel!","I have stayed at many hotels in London, this is probably the best value for money and a really good location! The staff were nice, the room wasn't big but good enough. Breakfast is basic but really all you need with eggs, jam, bread, butter and cereals. The hotel is ideally located to visit a lot of the tourist sites in London.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or415-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Breakfast is like a the rush at the January sales!,"Found the hotel through Lastminute.com paid £65 for a triple which was an excellent price for Christmas Eve.   Arrived at hotel good location. Asked to look at the room first triple was so small there was barely space between the beds. They offered us another which was slightly bigger.   Room 214.  Bathroom had an odd odour and was very tiny; towels were old, frayed and thin. The air extractor sounded like a jet engine test centre!  Beds hard, cheap mattresses and only one pillow each. Carpets had iron burn mark on it. TV old but worked.   Now for BREAKFAST!  We were told that breakfast wouldn't be until 8pm due to the staff finding transport difficult on Christmas Day. We went down for breakfast at 8.30am; you've never seen anything like it! The whole hotel was in the tiny…",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or415-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty good for the money,"The rooms are clean, comfortable and work.  Shower was good power and hot.  For the money, totally brilliant in central London.  I've paid more in Wolves for much worse hotels.  Includes an OK buffet breakfast.  Staff helpful and friendly.  Location is excellent for London.    It was surprisingly quiet as well.",Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or420-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You won't be wrong in choosing this hotel,Small but Comfortable room.  Continental breakfast fantastic.  Great hotel staff.  Know what they are doing.  Good location for bus and underground.  Close to Sainsbury and Tesco and restaurant and fast food...,Date of stay: December 2012,4.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or420-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and great price,This hotel is placed ideally! we visited from Poole for the weekend and the price was ridiculously cheap for the weekend. The staff were friendly and the rooms were clean. Would recommend if you want to see London for a cheap price!,Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or420-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good location for a small price,"First of all, the location of this hotel is great. Both Bayswater and Queensway stations are near so it's easy to get pretty much anywhere in London. There's also many restaurants, grocery stores and a mall on Queensway. The hotel street itself is very quiet and peaceful.  I was travelling with a group of friends and we had booked two triple-rooms. The rooms were quite small. When our suitcases were open on the floor almost the whole floorspace was covered. But the rooms were still clean and everything worked (no problems with tv, hot water etc).  The breakfast wasn't anything special, just toast and cereals, but it was still nice to eat something in the morning (some other hotels of the same price range we considered didn't include breakfast). The breakfast room was a bit…",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or420-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Extremely small rooms,"Good location, but extremely (!) small rooms. However, good value for the little money I paid. Okay breakfast included in price but the dining room was quite crowded and not very charming. It took 30-40 minutes to walk to Oxford street.        ",Date of stay: November 2012,3.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or420-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",perfect,was a normal hotel the rooms were tidy and the food was nice it had tv and cupboard it was cleaned regulary the only thing that bothered mr and my family was the toilet the light made an annoying buzzing sound but other than that everything was fine i would reccomend this to couples and small families.,Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or425-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",you can go there !,"Very well located near queenway, bayswater and all this nice popular road, so easy to go everywhere in london : circular and central lines. hotel not too quiet but clean, small room but efficient, bathroom very simple Good breakfast included. interesting price. Service smileless !",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or425-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,Not a very nice hotel. No charm at all and not very good service or rather no service. WIFI only in certain rooms apparently.,Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or425-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Last minute booking,"Due to a missed flight connection I lost my reservation at my original hotel, and ended up here. Being in Baywater, I had low expectations but was very pleasantly surprised!  The room was perfect for my needs (clean and close in)  the staff was friendly and helpful, and the room was very nicely serviced each morning. Breakfast was plentiful, and a nice variety for a 'quick start' (I prefer a full breakfast a little later in the morning, but this was just what I needed first thing).  Couldn't figure out the heat, but I'm sure that could have been resolved had I inquired. Very pleased! (oops! No pool so disregard that !!!)",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or425-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor hotel.. Don't even consider,"Tiny rooms and 120 cm twin beds.. rooms had just one electrical plug. Service was bad and the personnel was really unfriendly. Only positive thing is the location, close to Bayswater undergroud. ",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or425-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worth paying extra for a better hotel. Would NOT reccommend.,"We booked this 'hotel' for a 2 day stay in November, based on the fact it was relatively cheap and a great location. The fact that it was great starts and ends with the location as everything else was worse than sub standard. On arrival we were told we had to pay a £20 deposit, which was fine although there had been no mention of this beforehand. We were given our room key (B09, if youre given this room, ask for another!) and told which way our room was. The lift was a little grotty and the toilets that we passed in the hall had an awful stench, although luckily they were situated far enough away from our room. The room itself was very small, although for us this wasn't a problem in the slightest as we weren't planning on spending too much time there anyway. At a glance the room…",Date of stay: November 2012,2.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or430-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",good location,we stayed at pembridge palace for 4 nights half term week. on arrival we were greeted by a receptionist who neither smiled or acknowledged we were there when checking in. the rooms are very small especially for two beds but we found it to be clean. breakfast seemed to be a bit of a free for all so we did not bother after 1st day.  Excellent location and value money.,Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or430-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, good location, friendly staff!","We stayed at the Pembridge Palace Hotel for 5 nights, the staff was friendly, we had to pay the room in advance. The room was very small, but it was ok. We wanted to visit the city, we stayed out all the day til 11 pm, so we only came back to the room for sleep and have breakfast. The room was clean, there was room-service everyday, we slept well, although the walls were very thin. We would recommend this hotel for everyone who wants a good located hotel (tube station bayswater - circle or district line - perfect!), a bed, and a continental simple breakfast (toast, ham, cheese, jam, eggs, cornflakes, tea/coffee..). Breakfast starts at 7.30 during the week, its good to be there early, later there are many many guests...  All in all: We had a nice stay!",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or430-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Two beds in this room didn't fit,We were only staying one night and it appeared good value for money on booking. We asked for a double bed and were surprised to find a double and single in room 119. That was the problem. The room was really only big enough for single occupancy but with a double and the single meant we couldn't really move around very much. it also meant that the wardrobe door wouldn't fully open and we ended up piling our luggage onto the spare single bed as well as a chair which was limiting our movement. However the room was tidy enough and offered a separate bathroom and tea and coffee making facilities. There is an impressive breakfast room with plenty on offer which was a big bonus. Overall The Pembridge is value for money and handy for the highlights of London's West End but not the…,Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or430-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","If I could give it 0 out of 5, I would... and don't get me started on the blood stains!","Myself and my boyfriend booked into this 'hotel' for four nights. We liked the proximity to the city centre and from previous trips, liked the area it was in. On arrival staff were rude and unhelpful. Having arrived a slightly early we expected it would be fine to either check-in or leave our bags with reception...wrong. The response we received from the receptionist was to ""leave it over there"" amongst what looked like a year's build up of lost-property-luggage. The reception room was cramped, and we could barely believe that our only option (besides dragging bags around while we went sight-seeing) was to leave them in such risky situation. The receptionist was almost completely unaware to us when we had arrived at the desk,  so the thought that someone could easily just walk…",Date of stay: October 2012,1.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or430-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value and Location,"We booked the Pembridge Palace due to its location and price, as we were only in London for one night to visit our son, price was more important than luxury and floor space.  The reception areas are welcoming and impressive, the staff we met were friendly and helpful, it was not too much trouble to leave our cases and visist Portobello Road. On our afternoon return with university student son in tow we were surprised to be offered a quad room for three of us. We accepted the offer and walked to our ground floor room. On opening the door we were met with a single bed and a bathroom, on entering the room we found that the double bed and second single bed were located on a mezzanine floor over the bathroom accessed by a small staircase. At 5' 10'' tall I was shocked to find that…",Date of stay: October 2012,3.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or435-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Very poor room,"I was very unhappy with our night in this hotel. We were shoved in a tiny basement room, which should not have been a double. With a view of a fire escape loaded up with rubbish and placed beneath a trade staircase which meant neither my partner nor myself slept. Although he should have after banging his head on the bizarre drop in the ceiling. Will be complaining direct to the hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or435-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,"I have stayed in this hotel for 4 days in October. Check in was quite quick at 1pm and my room exceeded my expectations. I reserved single basic room type, but it was more than ok for 4 days. They cleaned my room everyday and breakfast was fine; continental breakfast with cereals every morning. The hotel was very close to tube station and safe on evenings. The hotel personnel was very kind, provided me with all the map, necessary information for touristic places and I even bought some attraction tickets for cheaper prices at hotel Reception. So, I enjoyed my overall stay at the Hotel in general. I would definitely recommend this hotel for everyone who does not wish to spend a lot of money.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or435-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",It's a hotel in London!,"I am struggling to write a review about the Pembridge - it's a hotel - it's in London - it's close to Hyde Park and Bayswater Tube Station. It's not totally awful but it's really not got a lot else going for it. When we were there it felt like a cross between a backpackers hostel and a youth club - it's a very mixed bag of guests. The reception staff are there - it's obviously just a job for them and they are not particularly friendly or helpful. The rooms are a fair size and clean(ish) - but there are marks on the skirting boards and walls, dust in the corners etc - but on the surface it's generally clean - the same goes for the bathroom - it's had a wipe over but I'd not want to blue light it. The worse thing is the breakfast - this is an awful free for all buffet in the…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or435-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","""Bargain"" basement hotel","If you want a cheapish place to stay for one or two nights this will do. Its clean and the staff are polite. However, the hotel appears to be used primarily by young overseas visitors and as such there was a lot of noise overnight. The breakfast is awful - the hotel website shows nice crusty french bread - the reality is a plate of white sliced. Some cheese, tomato and boiled eggs. Cereal and watered down orange juice. All in all - it does a job - but I wouldn't use it again. Oh - nearly forgot - they also took a £20 deposit on check-in! I got it back no probem, but it shows the type of hotel this is - or more likely, the type of clientele it attracts.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or435-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worst I've ever stayed in,"The receptionist didnot know what he was doing. We were here on business and had several rooms booked. One of our party had to go up two flights of stairs to her bathroom, another was in a bay window as his room. The breakfast was appalling. The beds were as hard as rocks, the walls so thin I heard the person nextdoor snoring, it felt as though they were in my room. When we returned to the hotel at 10.30 pm it was swarming with foreign students, nowhere for other residents to sit and enjoy a coffee if we wanted to. There was dust all over the woodwork, hairs attached to the wall in the bathroom. When I made a coffee in my room in the moring there was a sludge left at the bottom of the cup, this was not milk as I had it black. I would not reccommend this hell hole to my worst…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or440-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Towels?,"Watch out for the hidden cost at reception having to pay for soiled towels that we certainly did not recognize. Not happy to pay more money, but what can you do? Good location, clean in our room, breaks was quite reasonable.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or440-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, but  very old hotel  with  small rooms.","unfriendly reception, bad beds, poor breakfast, the only positiv thing is the location , only a five-minutes walk from the underground and kensington gardens.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or440-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Stay somewhere else,"Really poor hotel, lots of things wrong, too many to mention them all Avoid room b2 at all costs if possible Squeaky bed springs, really noisy as right next to breakfast room, tiniest sink I have ever come across, couldn't even get the kettle in to fill it up! Breakfast is a joke Avoid if you can",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or440-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","""spend a little more, somewhere else!!""","Large hotel, OK location, tiny rooms and dated facilities, breakfast room is small and like feeding time at the zoo, if you can get some sleep in this place you will have done well, loud doors slamming, fire alarms going off in the middle of the night, overall it's not the best and the price is over the top for what you get! Trust me when I say spend a little more somewhere else. ",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or440-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",nice,nice hotel-friendly cleaning ladies- scary elevator and crowded breakfast buffet but all in all- I would stay there again :-),Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or445-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't expect too much - and get it,"I knew that this hotel didn't have the best of reviews but booked it still since I wanted reasonable accommodation in the area.  The positives:  The location is fantastic. I had a room facing the garden so leafy view and quiet at night.  The room was small but quite frankly this is standard in the UK.  Cleanliness was also all right.  The negatives:  The fire alarm went off six times during my three night stay. Not only is this annoying, it is dangerous, too, since everyone is bound to ignore the alarm.  The breakfast is a bit of a joke, really. They couldn't cater for all the guests and the toaster capacity was shambles.  For internet access they charge 7 pounds a day. For someone who needs internet, this charge bumps the hotel up one price category where one should expect more.",Date of stay: September 2012,2.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or445-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Needs refurb big time,Couldnt check in till 1300 but able to leave luggage in lobby whilst we went sight seeing. Rooms with mis matched furniture and matress's that were just awful and old. The curtains were ripped. The smoke alarm went off 4 times during our 1 night stay. The towels were frayed and like sandpaper and we had to request these.Carpets badly stained and had several iron marks on. The bathroom smelled of mildue and there were hairs around the outskirts of the bath.I went to run a bath and tried to change from shower only for the handle to fall off. The breakfast was pathetic with no toaster and staff (who tried their very best and always happy and friendly) bringing out 1 rack of toast every 10 mins. No croissants or ham for a continental breakfast??? Choice was very poor unless you like…,Date of stay: August 2012,1.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or445-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",I recommend this hotel!,"This was a pleasant stay, within walking distace near Hyde park and Oxford street, the overall service was very nice!",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or445-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",No room to swing a Kitten let alone a cat,"great location for Hyde Park and other central London sights, close to central line tube so good connections to other areas.  Room very small for 2 adults & 2 grown up children.  Shower good but shower cubicle broken and curtain did not prevent wet floors.  Beds and other furniture bit tatty but only there overnight so not that bothered.",Date of stay: August 2012,2.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or445-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Small and shabby rooms, uncomfortable beds","Pros and cons:  + Good location + The rooms were tidy in the sense that e.g. the shower seemed to be pretty hygienic and the cleaners did a good job + Breakfast included  - The rooms are very small and shabby - The bed was hard and squeaky - My blanket was more like a worn out, dusty bed cover, one with a tiger skin pattern. Straight from the 80s. I refused to sleep under it and used the sheet only. - No air conditioning, stuffy air - I had troubles with falling asleep because of the noises coming from the street - No shampoo in the shower - Unfriendly staff at the reception - They don't have a room for your luggage after you've checked out. You just leave them at the lobby. - The breakfast was mediocre at best - The layouts of both of our rooms were ridiculous with e.g. weird…",Date of stay: July 2012,2.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or450-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The little hotel that could!,"  Liked that we could check in by 1pm.  We had a double and a twin in our room.  Sleep was comfortable, although the room was small.  Fairly warm, but was able to open a window.  Heard a bit of guest noise in the hallway at night, but not too bad.  We were looking for value in London, and this fit the bill.  Breakfast was tasty and included in price!  Again, tight fit in dining room, but we didn't book the Taj Mahal so our expectations were met!  Hotel provided a nice blow drier, clean (small) bathroom, clean sheets.  The carpet and bedspreads need replaced as soon as possible, but over all I would stay here again.  We could walk to a Big Bus Tour stop as well, which was important to us.",Date of stay: July 2012,3.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or450-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Nice room, great price, perfect Location","The hotel was really easy to find from Bayswater tube station. The staff was helpful and booked tours for us. Breakfast was basic but exactly what we needed. The location was crucial to allow us to see most of London, and the reception also arranged a reasonable priced taxi for our departure. All in all very nice trip",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or450-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",would not recommend !,"location amazing then it goes downhill from there! staff rude (as we were checking in he was txting), not friendly at all. lift was broken so had to trail our suitcases up 3 flights of stairs which were disgusting! ( cracks in Walls, cobwebs , carpets hadn't been cleaned for months!). then we arrived at our room! very small,cracks in Walls again,bathroom dirty,no air con so room was stuffy,carpets worn threw. I really don't know how this place can be running as a hotel. also went to go down for breakfast walked in and walked straight back out , wouldn't feed the food to my pet .this place has such potential , I would suggest getting new staff and giving the place a makeover!",Date of stay: July 2012,1.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or450-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Nice receptionist and comfortable room,"The best thing has got to be the location, it's ideally placed to see London, very central! Good basic rooms and very nice clean bathroom. Recommend for families",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or450-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",family atmosphere,"no frills, just the 'essential, breakfast at home, the triple was small but clean, great bathroom, near the center. excellent way to see London",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or455-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Fine for one night,"We got a budget room price and the initial room allocated was very budget. Probably a spare staff bedroom. In the basement with window opening onto a staff patio. Carpet was curling up and the shower had no curtain. Room actually looked like it had been used that day already. HOWEVER: we returned to reception, explained we were not happy and were re-allocated without fuss to a room on the 3rd floor.  Not grand by any means BUT very clean and with what we needed for a one night stay in London. Easy walk to Bayswater tube/kensington park etc.  breakfast was adequate; choice of cereals, boiled eggs, cheese, toast, rolls and jams.  Fruit salad was from a tin so didnt look too appetising and the OJ was obviously watered down!   Tge staff were very friendly and helpful and the hotel…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or455-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A place I speak about only to compare to other bad situations that arise.,"One of the worst places I have stayed. It was average, with a pretty reception area, but went all down hill from there. If their descriptions of how old, musty, and worn down the rooms were it may not have seemed so bad, but the fact that they described the place as nice at all, was pathetic. We looked for a second pillow each from reception, and were told that the hotel did not have any more. All that was in the room were  two wafer thin ones you wouldn't put out for your cat at night. The 'breakfast' was something they threw out to people just for the sake of saying they provided food, and the staff were the most unfriendly I have ever encountered. I have left writing this review for a few months to see if time would heal the disappointment of this place, but it just has…",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or455-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Room small but clean,"Me and my ten years old son stayed for three nights. We had a room on the second floor facing the garden. The room was small but clean. We did not spend so much time in the hotel, but it was good enough to have as a base and the beds were comfy. Shower and toilet was nice. Tea and kettle in the room was nice.  Breakfast was not the best but not the worst I have seen in London either. Boiled eggs, yoghurt, toast, cheese, marmalade. Juices were horrible. Nice staff, nice to be able to sit outside on a warm day. It was very warm and sunny when we were there and the room was really hot when we arrived, but we opened the window and that worked fine. ",None,3.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or455-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Just average,"Tiny rooms (almost no place to stand around the bed !), noisy environment, holes left by cigarettes on the curtains, stains on the carpet and bed cover, ridiculously poor water pressure in the bathroom (when you are lucky enough to get hot water), poor breakfast in a tiny breakfast room in the basement (we had to wait until other guests had finished...), my main concern was that on the second night, the ceiling light got detached and almost fell on my head, when I reported it at the reception desk they apologized but did not replace it during the remainder of our stay. For a budget/backpacker hotel it would have been Ok, but I would expect much more from a 3-star hotel billing €130 a night...Avoid if you can.",Date of stay: March 2012,2.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or455-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Simple hotel,"Very simple hotel, breakfast  without bacon and  scrambled eggs.  There was no shampoo in the room.  It  was a  expensive hotel, ",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or460-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A backpackers would be better,Stayed here recently for four nights and all I can say is disgraceful. After specifically requesting bedding configuration for two couples we were shocked to find that three beds were upstairs and one downstairs. The room was absolutely filthy and the courtyard adjoining our room had not been cleaned for a long time. The internet did not work in our room and on explaining this to the reception she was extrememly rude and pig headed. Considering it cost seven pounds for the night I was a little upset. When the manager came later he organised a refund but only after much debate. The professionalism was non existent especially from the young girl who clearly has no training in the industry. On checking out we requested an extra half an hour to leave to which we were informed would…,Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or460-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money hotel in Bayswater/ Notting Hill,"Good location, nice staff. Rooms a bit shabby, not enough heating, breakfast ques are long, luggage stored after check-out before departure is in the open area - no one guarantees you bag won't be picked by someone else. Overall might be a deal.",Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or460-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, more like a hostel than a hotel though",Stayed here for 2 nights and I have to say its in a really great location - right between Bayswater and wonderful Notting Hill. We got the room for a (relatively) cheap price and we werent expecting too much really given we'd be out and about most of the time and just using it as a base. Despite these low expectations I have to say we were very disappointed with the 'hotel' as it really was more a hostel than a hotel.  Very scruffy and old fashioned and in need of a major overhaul. Very poorly insulated from noise from both the street outside and the rooms beside and above our room. Seemed to be mainly foreign tour groups eg teenagers etc staying there the weekend we were there. Carpets were filthy and I didnt like having to put my bare feet down on them - however in fairness to…,Date of stay: May 2012,2.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or460-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",How can people seriously be recommending this place!,"I stayed here for 3 nights, based solely on the cost and proximity to my new place of work. The hotel is pretty clean and the receptionist when I checked in very pleasant. OK so far. Unfortunately, the rest of my stay went seriously down-hill. The room was old and tired although functional. But this is a old building with creaky wooden floors and wafer-thin walls. When the next door occupant passed wind - as he did with the frequency and ferocity of a circus elephant - it sounded as if he was with me in the room! A few pints of beer later and I managed to get some sleep. Unfortunately at 4AM I was rudely awoken by a fight in the corridor outside my room. I rang the receptionist to complain. Whilst he was apologetic there was no action and the noise continued for another 2 hours…",Date of stay: May 2012,1.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or460-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Average hotel in a great location.,"We booked this hotel before reading the reviews!! and it was better than some people have described. The hotel is rather tired looking from the outside and can be off putting, but on entering the hotel the reception area is lovely. As for the staff not being friendly.... it depends who is managing reception. Our room on the 4th floor was small but clean, bathroom looks recently updated. Pleasantly surprised after reading the negative feedback. Breakfast was fine..... I dont know what guests expect... (you get what you pay for). Our room cost £69.00 for two people for one night (including breakfast)... so I think that is really good value for money. Only one negative point.... other guests (or even staff) slamming doors and talking loudly in the corridor at 3am ( really noisey,…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or465-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location, but not so relaxing.","Chose this hotel for a weekend with friends. The location is excellent, but I agree with some of the other reviews, that the rooms are on the small side and you hear everything, so it's not the best place to relax. But our room was clean, the beds fairly comfortable, and the bathroom looked newly renovated. I also agree that the breakfast isn't any good - but there are many places offering breakfast close by. The reception staff is competent but could be more smiling, it depends a lot on who's there that day. ",Date of stay: May 2012,3.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or465-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"This has definitely been my favourite hotel over many visits to London.  However, on my last visit I happened to leave something behind in my room.  This hasn't happened to me since a visit to Mombasa, Kenya, years ago and they had taken care of my things!  So, I mailed PPH, and that is when I found out I have spent my last pennies in that place.  Warning: if you leave something behind they will tell you ""we are sorry you have mislaid those items somewhere else"".  And claiming they do not have dishonest staff.  I had already concluded that staff may not be dishonest, only negligent not to check drawers as I trust any hotel staff are instructed to.",Date of stay: March 2012,1.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or465-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",awful,"Good location, quiet area let down by tired and poorly maintained hotel. Rooms in desperate need of updating including beds and mattress. Pillows were wafer thin. Disappointing for the money. Makes the likes of premier inn look like excellent value.",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or465-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",great for a break in London,"Pleasantly surprised...we checked in and were given a room in the basement, but asked to change and ended up on second floor - clean room, clean and comfy beds, quiet location, so convenient for everything, and staff were helpful and friendly. Couldn't ask for more at the price - dont be put off by reviews, we would stay there again...",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or465-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",So many better hotels for the same price,"The Pembridge Palace Hotel is well situated in a quiet square in Bayswater, convenient for Bayswater and Queensway tubes and with restaurants, supermarkets, laundries nearby. There is a covered terrace at the back so that you can go outside without leaving the hotel. That is the good bit. The hotel is old and has not been refurbished; and boy does it need it. Also the staff are not very friendly. It felt like staying in a cheap boarding house rather than a hotel. There is no free WiFi; it is available but you need to pay for it.  The breakfast is positively the worst I have had in London. Very little choice and poor quality. Coffee to die from not to die for.  It was not cheap either. For the same price, there are other hotels in the area that do it so much better.",Date of stay: April 2012,2.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or470-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",budget hotel delivers,"Hotel staff are friendly, helpful & courteous. The hotel is good for the price, breakfast was free. It does provide good value for money and is in a convenient location for shops & travel to other parts of London. I asked for a 'do not disturb' sign for my hotel-room door and it was provided for me in a small amount of time. I would stay again.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or470-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",a dump,"I booked this place at the last minute because it was in the Paddington station district (20 min walk) and ""had a wi-fi"" according to internet search. At $206 a night. It is a run down place with wrinkled, old carpets, bad window frames, blowing cold wind from the outside, old uncomfortable mattresses, no nightstand lights, no climate control, and  NO FREE WI-FI. You have to pay 3 pounds per hour to get one. Stay away!!!",Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or470-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Awful place to stay,We stayed here for my 30th birthday as went to see the lion king. Was greeted with receptionist chatting to colleague in polish. Didnt smile or anything. Rooms grubby and dated. breakfast absolute shambles even in continental standards. Cheese cold toast and cereal. that was it! Absolute joke. cannot possibly recommend. auschwitz was more cozy lol,Date of stay: April 2012,1.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or470-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,Stayed at pembridge for a couple of days and we were very happy with the rooms and location. London is not known for its great hotels so expectations were not so high. We thought the room was really good and good bathrooms and nice people. Lots of people in the breakfast room but then again it´s great to have breakfast included. An extra plus for boiled eggs. Just 2 blocks from a lot of restaurants and metro and closest pub around the corner. 5 blocks from portobello road!,Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or470-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, was OK for one night","Was OK for one night and wasn't bad value for money. There wasn't any shampoo in the bathroom and no shower gel. We had to go to the shop to buy some soap. The breakfast wasn't very good. There were not enough tables and the room was crowded and noisy. The Orange juice wasn't fresh, it tasted like soluble orange flavoured water. The food was OK, but limited in choice. The hotel was fine for one night, but I wouldn't advise staying any longer.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or475-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"We stayed in this hotel ha ha for my daughter 21st birthday in feb of this year, we knew it wasn't going to be one of the top hotels but we thought the staff would at least say hello to you as you walk in, the breakfast was very '1st come you have food and table, if not you have the crumbs and you have no where to sit', and the table were so close to eachother no room to breath!! When we arrived we were told that we have to give a 20 deposit and i would get it back when we leave, when we checked out they told me that my £20 would be re-funded to my card within 1 working week. 7 WEEKS LATER I AM STILL CHASING MY £20, DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!! The room was ok for what we paid but i did ask for 3 single beds and we got 1 double and 1 single, tv ok, beds didn't want to look under the…",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or475-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Opinion,"The staff is not terribly friendly, you shouldn't keep the bagages just at the lobby. The carpets are not very clean.  But anyway all together was not that bad.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or475-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not a Palace but worth the price,"It's an average hotel in a very good position in London. The rooms are pretty tiny and for a twin we got just a queen bed to sleep in, which was just right to be placed between the walls (I don't even know how they would make the bed in the morning, there wasn't enough space!). Little bathroom too and no hairdryer. Our room was very close to the lift and it was quite noisy all night long, even in the morning when the customers would start to line up for breakfast. Good position in London though at an affordable price. The hotel is clean and the staff is nice and quick during breakfast.",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or475-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",not value for money,"Tiny rooms, walls with dirty marks, carpeting looks not very clean. very poor breakfast served in the basement.  staff not friendly at all - no one is willing to assist and even do not bother to pretend to.",Date of stay: February 2012,2.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or475-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible!! NOT RECOMMENDED!!,"I am a contractor and I have stayed at hundreds of hotels around London and uk. I have never been to a hotel as dirty and degraded as the Pembridge Palace Hotel. I was put in the basement (room: b05). The plug sockets were broken and coming out of the wall, the headboard was broken and had been temporally fixed with screws but it was still loose and could come off any moment while you asleep. Cracks all over the room. I asked to change room and they put me in the room 401. Well what more could I say, cracks, dirt, bad mattress. There was a couple that stayed next door to me that I met and they had the charming occasion to be bitten by bed bugs!! I don't even want to talk about the staff or the breakfast! Spend your money elsewhere trust me!",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or480-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",When is a Palace NOT a Palace?,"Just got back from what was supposedly going to be a relaxing few days during half term. We booked this hotel as Bayswater has a good shopping centre with loads of pubs and restaurants and easy commuting into the City. However, the first night we had difficulty sleeping as our ensuite exractor fan would not turn off. In the morning we found silver fish on the bathroom floor. We complained at the reception and we agreed to a move whilst leaving our re-packed luggage at the reception for the day. Arriving back at about 6pm we were allocated another room, similar to our original room which we also described as shabby. The double bed springs had gone and there was a noticeable divett in the matress. The ensuite door had a hole in it. The wc cistern handle was heavily corroded and it…",Date of stay: February 2012,1.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or480-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","great location, basic friendly hotel","location is ace, room is clean, very basic but does the job for the price. It has no bar, just a cafe but worked in our favour for a peaceful night sleep. Some great restaurants nearby and tube station just 3 minutes away, we were out till 2am and had no trouble getting back from soho. will definitely be returning in the future. ",Date of stay: February 2012,4.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or480-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute disappointment,"I booked this hotel via despegar.com, and I must say I'm thoroughly disappointed. Small room (like a shoe box) it should have been en suite, but my bathroom was outside my bedroom. Too much money for such a hotel. 3 stars???? I don't know what criteria they follow to give this hotel 3 stars. I wouldn't stay here again.",Date of stay: December 2011,2.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or480-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hostel conditions at hotel prices,"Very disappointing with cramped, shabby accommodation, unfriendly staff; noisy neighbours and breakfasts so crowded and unappetising that they were hardly worth bothering with. The carpet of our twin bedded room was very stained and old, the hand basin was cracked and the television set probably bought in the 1960s. There was no double glazing.  There was no insulation so every sound from the room above was audible and we were kept awake until 12.30 am one night with people above crashing around and then we were woken up early in the morning.The noise of footsteps and moving around was so loud that there was no possibility of sleeping through it because there was no insulation between our ceiling and the room above,   No members of staff smiled or managed a ""Good morning,"" or…",Date of stay: January 2012,1.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or480-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",totally disgusting!!!!,"We were only looking for somewhere basic and value for money for two nights, travelling as a family. However nothing prepared us for this horrible disgustingly dirty so called hotel. On arrival the reception area looks clean and welcoming, such a disappointment when we reached our room, badly planned very dirty a single glazed window that rattled,net curtains closer to black than white, damp on the glass. The beds had covers that belonged to a different era and would benefit from a proper wash. The so called bed settee had a cover on with black stains and no bedding was supplied until having a shouting match with the ignorant unhelpful muppet on the desk. Washed my hands and while drying them realised the towel was damp with blood stains on.  The overall appearance of the room…",Date of stay: December 2011,1.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or485-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Average,Have stayed at this hotel many times in the past. Hotel then was great value a little run down but more than adequate for my needs after a late night in the west end namely a comfortable bed and hot water. Now the hotel has had a kind of makeover. Walls and doors have been painted and some of the furnishings have been upgraded. The price has also gone up considerably with very few decent deals being available on the various websites. The hotel is trying to place itself as something in the mid range.  Whilst I would probably stay there again I would definitely not stay there with someone I care about as there are better options elsewhere available for the same sort of money. I stayed earlier this week with my cousin so we had a twin room. Around 3 am someone entered our room…,Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or485-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not Bad on the Wallet,"This trip was a last minute thing and we were trying to make London as economical as possible which is why we chose this hotel. The rugs were in need of of cleaning, the bathroom in our room had recently been redone. The beds were not that comfortable but they were bearable. The staff were friendly and nice. It included breakfast which consisted of cereal, hard boiled eggs, fruit, bread, and cheese. One of the previous posts said that they could hear everything and I found this to be true. It is a short walk from the Bayswater Station of the Underground. Overall, it served the purpose we were looking for but I would probably stay elsewhere on my return.",Date of stay: November 2011,3.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or485-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Noisy, gas/toxins from bathroom.","My sister, mum and i stayed here for two nights over the weekend ( 10-11-2011) and iwe had a room for three, which clearly was meant for two people, the three single beds were pushed together with no walking room between them... in the morning woke up to a horrible smell of gas/toxins coming from the bathroom. We opened the window and went down stairs to reception to investigate. The reception team were not very helpful and kept trying to pass the blame to the management team. We moved rooms , this time a double and a single was given, they hadnt even asked if two of us were prepared to share beds? This time there were no smells from the bathroom, but between the three of us, we were lucky if we had 3 hours sleep, we were on the road side, it was extremely noisy, shouting and…",Date of stay: November 2011,1.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or485-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Over-priced,"The only decent thing about this hotel was the included breakfast. The room I stayed in had a separate bathroom, the room was very small and you could hear everything. The bathroom needed some work done to it. For what it was, it was very expensive.",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or485-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Does what it says on the tin..,I booked a night here in a rush and didnt check reviews (stupid I know) until I'd booked the room. Horrified at what I saw tried to cancel. Went throughout with the stay which wasn't anywhere near as bad as expected. If you're looking for a large plush room with a comfy bed you're out of luck. If you need somewhere in a goo location to crash after a concert at wembley followed by a few beers it's just the ticket.,Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or490-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worst night of my life!!!,"Awful room , small and pokey, noise from other rooms and street. Bathroom way too small. Only saving grace Breakfast was ok. Very disapointing stay when we have stayed in many hotels on our journey from NewZealand. would not recommend!",Date of stay: October 2011,1.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or490-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Budget Accommodation,"Very basic, poor breakfast, TV only had ITV and that was very poor. Would not advise staying here unless it was last choice. Noisey at night.",Date of stay: October 2011,2.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or490-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Look elsewhere if you want value for money!,"Positives - location, friendly enough service, quiet at night and they have an elevator.  Negatives - expensive and hopeless wifi, terrible breakfast, hot water didn't work one night when i went to have a shower, tiny rooms and the first room we were in was certainly not clean.  Probably could have dealt with all of the negatives if it wasn't so expensive for what you got. Won't be returning.",Date of stay: September 2011,2.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or490-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",40th birthday trip,"Had a great time, hotel very cheap and great value for money.  Breakfast bit poor but, the price of the room made up for the breakfast.  Staff very nice and helpful.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or490-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","clean, quiet, central london, near transport","we got a cheap deal online, and were happy with what we got for what we paid. the room was very small. it would have been a small double, was infact a triple. the double bed was not a standard size, it was difficult to fit 2 ppl on it and the bed sheets were too big for it. there was no aircon so it did get a bit stuffy in such a small space with 3 ppl. good bathroom. overall a bit shabby and outdated but clean and good enough. we were just so pleased to be in that area. its a quiet area, a bit scruffy in places but not bad really. we chose it as this was soon after the rioting and we wanted to stay away from the troublesome areas.  its a great location near kensington palace, hyde park etc. a 4 min walk away. and 3 tube stations close by. a taxi from heathrow airport was only…",Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or495-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Decent but get your own breakfast,"Stayed a single night here on business and was pleased with the room, small but clean. Staff seemed helpful - sorted out a iron for me quickly when I asked. What you get for the price seems very good. I know the breakfast is free but it is awful, I'd rather they charge a fiver and get some decent stuff in. The orange juice was incredibly watered down squash and god knows why there was a bowl of cucumber there. Just buy some croissant guys. Overall a good stay and a decent hotel.",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or495-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",central London near transport and clean,This was a cheap stay from Internet. The hotel room was clean and the breakfast was continental and the stay was good value. The room was small and hot as it had no aircon. But very close to Bayswater and all the amenaties. I would use it again in central London.,Date of stay: August 2011,3.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or495-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't even bother,"The hotel was so basic, it reminded me of a youth hostel! The staff were also so very rude and abrupt it was untrue! Thankfully we didn't really spend much time in the hotel!",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or495-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",dont go!!,"this is not a nice place to stay.it was cheap for london but that is no excuse for the lack of basic amenities.i had a single room that was so small i now no what its like to spend a couple of nights in wormwood scrubs! the shower and toilet were not even in the room,you had to go down about 20 stairs to get to them,very inconveniant when caught short at 3 in the morning.no shower gel or shampoo in the bathroom.i had to buy my own,never known that before! the breakfast was pathetic they didnt even have a toaster.no secure place for your luggage on day of checkout. the staff at reception were unhelpful.when i asked for shower gel the girl looked at me like i was mad! the windows in the room didnt open and it was 30 degrees outside.apart from that it was great!!!",Date of stay: August 2011,1.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or495-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great Staff,"3 carpenters from our company stayed at this hotel for two weeks when carrying out some work at a local museum. They stayed in a triple room, which was rather small and apparently very warm when all 3 were in the room. However the friendliness of the staff made up for the lack of space in the room, and they would definitely stay again - but they would try and get 2 twin rooms instead.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or500-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Last resort.,"London get's booked out and extremely expensive. This place is very hit and miss with large variation in quality from room to room. All quite tatty. Equally large variation in service at front desk (some staff try to be helpful, others are extremely rude and obnoxious). Only use this place as a last resort.",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or500-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","dirty, cheap","dirty, tiny room. not hoovered (fake eyelashes on the floor), toilet-showere on another floor to the room. breakfast inedible. cheap in every nasty sense.",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or500-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't,"I'm booked in here for two nights by my company at a cost of £260 and I feel absolutely filthy.  The duvet cover is older than some items in the London and Albert museum, the hotel appears to be full of the east European door banging world champions.  The tea bags are past their use by date, carpet filthy and as I'm in a basement room B05 I can see a basement dumping ground of rubbish.  The noise outside is akin to a student march with some scouser screaming left hand down to some bloke who can't park a vehicle.  Breakfast I can't comment on as I daren't risk trying it if the room is as bad as this.  bathroom is fairly clean.  If you have nowhere else to stay on this planet then it's a last resort.  I absolutely will not recommend this place to anyone.  Even Osama would have…",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or500-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The hotel is in desperate need of a overhaul,"Four of us were booked into one room for four nights. The room was shocking!! Small, drabby, just run down in general. It is so bad we have booked another hotel. No refund possible apparently. I would rate this hotel more as a 1/2 star the 3. I would not recommend this place unless you are happy with hostel type environment.",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or500-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",SHOCKING!!!!!,"4 grown men sleeping in what seem to be childrens single beds in a room the size of a bird box.  The beds are very uncomfortable, the room is very grimey.  The breakfast is shockingly poor, no hot option!  To summarise, the best part of this hotel is the door as you are leaving",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or505-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, noisy and in need of an overhaul","Spent two nights at this hotel.  Wow, what a truly unique place. Filthy Walls and doors.  Suspicious stains all over the place. Unwashed top bed cover. Breakfast was disgraceful, even the bread tasted cheap!  Was woken up at 5:30am each day (and i am a heavy sleeper) by the noise of other guests.  When a guest closed their bedroom door the whole place shook! Shocking! On the plus side, the bedsheets were clean and it is close to Hyde park.  Having spent A LOT of time in London over the years I have never spent so much for so little.  The owners should be ashamed that they don't invest any of their, rather sizeable, cash on a bit of an update.  Avoid, you have been warned!",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or505-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Avoid it!,"I've stayed in some awful hotels in my time, but this is the worst one...bar none.  We paid almost three hundred dollars for a triple room, and when we got there they gave us a tiny room with a lumpy full-sized bed and a twin bed the size of a small cot.  The room was dusty and smelly.  The bed covers and sheets looked dirty and like they had seen better days.  To say that they TV in the room was tiny is an understatment, and it only had 5 channels, which were all snowy.    But the worse part was that the room didn't have A/C, and it was stifling the whole time we were there.  We had to sleep with the window open to withstand the heat.  The beds were lumpy and uncomfortable.  The full bed was tilted to one side, and after we checked why, we realized that the mattress was being…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or505-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hostel pretending to be a hotel,"The rooms are filthy! We seen two, they bought had holes in the walls dirty sheets cobwebs etc. the walls are very thin and you could hear a whisper downstairs. House keeping made our bed rather than change the sheets. They made the bed over anything that was on the bed rather than move the items. They also left the door open when they left. Every time we went through reception residents were asking to change rooms or for a refund.  We began to wonder if it was the policy of the hotel to make residents make on site cancellations with no refunds so they could re-rent the room. The breakfast was awful: fruit salad from a tin and boiled eggs are not continental breakfast as far as I am aware. WE cancelled the 3rd night of our stay and got a much nicer hotel where the pictures on…",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or505-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Run down,"The room we were given in this hotel was desparately in need of redecoration - damp walls in the corner, broken doors, stained bed, and bed covers which needed throwing out 20 years ago!  Having said that, the sheets were clean and so was the bathroom, although that is also due a refit very soon. Breakfast was terrible, no fresh fruit, yoghurt or juices.  Just tinned fruit, cereals, toast and orange squash!! £99 for a twin room - not good value for money and we will not be returning.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or505-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not coming back,"The hotel was a disappointment. We were given a room in the basement with a view to the laundry area of the staff. Besides this the room had a really unpleasant smell. Room was very tiny and not very aesthetic. The bathroom was the best part of the room and most important, it was not stinking as the rest of the room. However, there were only handsoap available, no shampoo let alone conditioner. Breakfast was good but really simple and basic one with toasts, coffee, tea, cereals, cheese, jam and honey. I would not call this place a three star hotel.",Date of stay: June 2011,3.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or510-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",basic,"Was redirected to poor cousin hotel next door. Very Basic hotel. Value for money? £50/night for tight single room. Very dated and little musty. I just used it to sleep (2000-0645). Did not see breakfast lounge or any food. Toilet had single cake of used soap. I bought my own shower gel from shops near. Bad shower. Room was top floor, had a mini jungle growing outside window ledge. Lot of noise from school trip kids. Would not stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2011,1.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or510-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",I am currently staying at this hotel and I havent had any problems!,i am staying in london for a month and I know that it is a very busy and expensive month. but the the people at the reservation department are very helpful here and they gave me a very good rate for my long stay. They constatly ask if I am happy with my stay and they try to help with anything I ask them. I am writing this email while I am having my morning coffee on then hotel's nice garden enjoying some fresh air in london :),Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or510-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Its a good hotel, nothing bad to say about it really!!!!",I liked it and don't know what the fuss Is all about!!!!,Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or510-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",this pace is great value for the money you pay in the area,"i really liked it, i had previously read other people's comments and it put me off but when i needed a room in this area this was the only hotel that had rooms available because they are very big apparently. anyways, i think i got what i paid for and would go back for sure.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or510-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Small but clean rooms with good breakfast,"I was there for business for 5 nights, they gave me a good deal and they were very helpful with giving me directions and assisting me with any questions.",Date of stay: January 2011,3.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or515-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Best price in the area.,"Hi, I came London for 2 night and was in the area of notting hill. I went to all hotels there and Pembridge hotel gave me the best price. It was very good I think as all the hotels in this area have same standards.",Date of stay: January 2011,4.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or515-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",a rathole...the best way to summarize it.,"I have booked this so-called hotel via booking.com. first, i wanted to see the room - i had booked a single room with separate private wc. THe guy at the counter said I had to pay upon arrival, as stated on the entrance. I complained, but it was totally useless.  The room was tiny and dirty, sheets full of unidentified spots. Curtains full of dirt, the toilet was 1 flat above,and the shower in another room on another flat.  Thought it was crazy. The breakfast was poor, and the personnel totally rude.  AVOID this so-called hotel, they should report it to health authorities and close it down.",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or515-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The most terrible hotel ever!,"I stayed here togehter with my spouse and brother. The room was tiny, noisy, smelly and beds uncomrfotable. The sheets felt dirt and you don't want to take of your shoes in the room. The breakfast was poor.  We even found an old Macdonald bag on the top of the wardrobe!  Don't bother staying at this hotel. A clean hostel is a way more better choice than this. i casn't believe they even run this place.",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or515-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Tatty,"I did not book into this hotel, but was sent there from it's sister hotel that appears to do a dishonest trade in taking bookings for a better quality venue then stuffing you in this dump.  Tiny room (not that it needs to be big if all you plan to do is sleep there)  Mattresses that must have been in use when JM Barrie wrote Peter Pan.  Bathroom fittings that didn't  Holes where there should not be holes.  Lifts with a mind of their own as to when they can be bothered to take you to your floor of whether the doors will just shudder open and shut.  Generally threadbare, tatty and worn down throughout.   NO LUGGAGE ROOM. Most places have a secure room to place your luggage so you can deposit it before check-in or leave it whilst you enjoy your last day after check-out. Here they…",Date of stay: April 2011,1.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or515-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",WARNING:  POTENTIAL CREDIT CARD FRAUD?,"I stayed at this hotel in November 2011, and paid for it with a MasterCard.  It was the ONLY place I used the card while on vacation to the UK.   I was notified today that there was an attempted use of my card at department store in London for $2,600.  It could be coincidence.  But I am wondering if somehow hotel personnel are stealing card numbers? Given other feedback on this site about mis-billing, and a host of other unsavory behaviors as reported here, I wonder if someone should not report this to the authorities for investigation.",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or520-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",It's cheap for a reason - Don't stay here!,"Not much to say really - a low quality hotel. Room was OK, but bed wasn't very comfortable. It's was very noisy for most of the night & the breakfast isn't much to write home about.  Don't book to stay here ... and if you have booked, I'd consider cutting your losses and staying somewhere else just so you get a decent night's sleep!",Date of stay: March 2011,1.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or520-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Room is clean but small. Hotel is very noisy and WiFi not available on the basement level,"Our room was extremely small but it was clean.  NEGATIVES - fresh towels were not always given, even though requested and we had to ask for more toilet paper. - Even though the Internet is available at a cost, if you are staying on the Basement level you will not be able to use it. You are not told this when you book. - Breakfast is included, but I would not bother. Sleep in and get coffee and eggs from one of the great locals cafes.  - The hotel is extremely noisy and so is the street that the hotel is on. Many hotels are on this one street and people are coming and going at all hours.  POSITIVES: - The hotel is in a very nice area and extremely close to Bayswater and Queensway tube stations.",Date of stay: March 2011,2.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or520-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Dissapointing,"we are a family of a mum, teenage daughter and child and we booked into a DIFFERENT hotel for one night. when we got there we where told they had booked us into a different hotel (this one) the room was miniscule, not too dirty but the tiles in the bath room where all broken and althought the hotel we booked into promised tv and toiletries, there was only a little bar of soap so we couldnt wash our hair. the tv was so fuzzy and made a horrible high pitch buzzing sound, and was unwatchable. the staff at the front desk demanded a credit card for a deposit, and after explaining for ages we DIDNT HAVE ONE they finally accepted cash.",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or520-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",It's called a hotel but I think the 'S' is missing = hostel!!!,"We book this through 'Last minute.com' so didn't know the name of the hotel until it was booked and paid for! It was for a Theatre package and we chose the top price seats, only to be given bottom price hotel. We did wonder if the 'S' was missing as its more of a hostel than a hotel, don't expect shower gels, or shampoo as with other hotels! Dirty carpets, grimy bedcovers, and not much sleep. Rubbish location.",Date of stay: February 2011,1.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or520-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Worst Hotel ever -and they charged my card 3 times for the pleasure, didn't respond to my complaint!!","Stayed here with 3 friends. On arrival we were told the hotel was fully booked and told we had to move to another hotel -inconvenient as we had chosen this one for the location. So we were bundled in someone's car and taken to another hotel.   Room was 4beds all pushed next to eachother dirty and dusty.   When we went out, we were told to book a taxi through the hotel. It wasn't a licensed cab, when we were picked up the driver got out and jumped back behind the reception desk!   At breakfast, there were no plates, one bowl between four of us, so we buttered our toast on the table and shared the two glasses that were provided between four of us. The breakfast room is a load of plastic chairs squashed into one room and everyone sharing tables trying to get a bit of room.   We…",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or525-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel we have ever stayed in.,"Looks very nice on the site, but this is extremely misleading indeed. Cold room and bed. The room featured lots of glazing, but this was only single glazing, hence any heat from the rads escaped through the window. Could not sleep until 3.30 am, the cold came though the mattress, my legs cramped, and now have a dreadful backache. Unhelpful hotel staff did not want to acknowledge the issue. The  breakfast was equally disappointing, Cheap Aldi/Lidl cereals on offer. Anaemic looking hard-boiled eggs, and 'orange juice' which was orange cordial watered down. Bread crumbled when tried to butter. Gotta be the worst ever.",Date of stay: January 2011,1.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or525-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting!,"We booked this hotel and arrived late at night to a quad room which had mouse droppings on the bed covers, curtains falling from the curtain poles and such filth that we had to leave the hotel at 11.00 at night with no refund and trawl around London until we located rooms at the Marriott. Do not ever book this hotel.",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or525-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Pembrige, A LIAR AND DESHONEST HOTEL","My cousin and I booked 2 Twins En-suite (4Guests) for the last days of 2010 and after the inicial confirmation received in ours emails they sent another one to my cousin´s canceling her reservatrion because of a crash in their system. I called by phone the hotel to know about mine and they confirmed the canceling of both because of the crash. They said they were going to send me one email as soon as possible with the cancelation and nothing would be charged. I traveled to London, booked another hotel and when I arrived back to Spain I checked my bank account and saw that they charged me for a service I didn´t had! I called the hotel and spoke with Mr. Magid, a very rude  man and not polite, and after 2 days of conversation he told me that he hadn´t time to loose with me and how…",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or525-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Grimy, cheap but not cheerful","Had this been a Youth Hostel I would have little to complain about. We enjoyed a fantastic show in London, then decided rather than travel back to Oxford in the night to stay at a three-star value hotel. It simply IS NOT 3 * - I'd love to know HOW this is measured, and by whom. The £170 for a quad room is not overly expensive, but it was grimy, i could lay in bed and touch the ceiling, which had very nasty dirty marks on it, and my 15 year old daughter has bed bug bites and is distressed. Go to London, expect to spend a good deal, but if you want to sleep with a degree of comfort DON""T think about this messy, rather nasty joint.",Date of stay: December 2010,1.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or525-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",THE WORST SERVICE AMONGST LONDON HOTELS!!!,"The conditions were to say the least appalling, and apparently the management are not great fans of cleanliness since they adamantly refuse to provide any shampoos and shower gels, and thought a pitiful bar of smelly soap would suffice for three people. The reception find themselves unable to take ANY responsibility and could not provide any safe deposit box. Our group was charged for allegedly destroyed towels but when we asked to examine the damage, we were as usual referred to the manager who was ALWAYS conspicuously absent. Despite the seriousness of the argument, the silly ironic smile would not leave the receptionist's face making us doubt his intelligence but at least providing us with a plausible reason why someone would want to work in a place like that! We would also…",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or530-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely disgusting - not worth a penny!!,"Your staff could hardly speak English, so very unhelpful - The rooms were absolutely disgusting, carpets filthy!!  And no bigger than a closet!!  Breakfast was terrible - no forks no spoons no plates.  We were terribly misinformed by the on line booking company, Bookings.Com - I suggest you never book through this company.",Date of stay: November 2010,1.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or530-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for the money paid - Terrific location,"I stayed in the Pembridge Palace Hotel last week with my mum in one of the twin rooms on the first floor. Though, the hotel was simple and maybe a little old, we were very content with our stay considering the great location near the Bayswater tube and the Bayswater area. Fresh towels were supplied every day; staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast was simple, but sufficient. The hotel lies in a quiet part of Bayswater, so you have no problem getting your sleep at night. All together we were very well pleased with the stay and will definately have no hesitations staying there again.",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or530-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Too cold to sleep and bad value,I have one thing to say about this hotel if you bring a woolly hat and thermal underwear you may just about be able to sleep. This hotel was freezing. Choose a travelodge or something.,Date of stay: November 2010,2.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or530-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Not a good hotel, even among ""tourist class"" properties...look elsewhere","I write this knowing that this was an less expensive by London standards, at about $150/night at the current currency conversion.  The hotel may be less expensive than some, but it is not a good value for what you spend.  CONS:  The mattresses were older than I am (and I'm no spring chicken); you had to sleep in the large crevice left in the mattress by all the guests before you, and endure a night of springs in your vertebrae.  The room was EXCEPTIONALLY small - we had to store one of our two suitcases in the bathroom because there was no room for it anywhere else.  The hallways are about 15 years overdue for maintenance, and I'm sure there's not a single wooden floor board that does not squeel like a stuck pig when stepped upon.  That means you WILL here every footstep made by…",Date of stay: October 2010,2.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or530-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hosts aren't important,"The prices could be better than in the other hotels. The location could be better than in the other hotels. But, the attention is even wors thanwhat you can receive in the other hotels. We went for 6 nights, we were 5, 3 adults and 2 teenagers. The breakfast is really basic, but the problem really is in the treat they gave us. They believed we were liers and thieves. They closed our room because we hadnt gave the money, eventhough they had the credit card as warrantied.  We hadnt a telephone, neather a remote control and the explanation they gave us, was that we were in high attendance season and that we had to understand them.   You can come to this place if you dont like being well treated, having a good breakfast, and feeling as home.",Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or535-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",DON'T GO THERE! read this!,"So, me and my boyfriend travelled to London for some job interviews and we wanted to stay at a cheap yet nice place. this is NOT it!  - we booked a double room.. but when we got there they had given us a twin room.. we asked to change, and we went to a room in the basement.  - the room was just terrible, dirty, really old, etc..  the walls had moisture all over it, some had already loose some paint.. really bad..  - the room was small, REALLY small! like, if i opened up my bag the bathroom door wouldn't open.. and you had no more than 10cms between the bed and the walls.. so you had to enter bed from its bottom,,  - the bathroom was clean BUT it had used soaps and one used towel. Oh yes, and we had to ask towels because they forgot to give us.  - they don't change the sheets. we…",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or535-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Better than the reviews!,"We were 21 pupils (age 10-17) and 9 adults (teachers). We had chosen this hotel because of location, price and private bathrooms! Luckely we didn´t read the reviews until after we had made the booking. The reviews were bad. But the hotel was good. The staff was friendly, the place was clean, the breakfast was really good. The galleri shows very well what the place looks like. We agreed after the stay that this is a place we would go again - also as private persons. The hotel is near Bayswater station and close to many parks. It is quiet in the night. A good place.",Date of stay: October 2009,3.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or535-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A Hotel To Avoid,"My wife and I stayed at this hotel in room G05 and we can say this is one of the worst hotels we've ever stayed at during our travels in Europe or back home in the US.  Our ground floor room had worn carpets and a musty smell, as if the rugs had gotten wet and had not properly dried.  The bed covers were stained and worn and on my wifes side of the bed, she complained one of the mattress springs seemed to be protruding. One wall next to the bed had small dog or cat foot prints.   The room had a small desk but only one electrical outlet and no electrical outlets in the bathroom.  There was also no telephone in the room. Wi fi access is avaiable if you are willing to shell out  3 or 6 British pounds an hour while accessing the internet in the hotel lobby.   I resorted to using the…",Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or535-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Lost Booking,They lost the booking after an email had been sent confirming that it was all done and the money was taken out of the visa card.  Very disappointing!,Date of stay: August 2010,1.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or535-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, shabby, noisy, unhelpful staff, very small rooms, etc. etc.","If you are looking to stay in a place that is only just step up from a hostel - then this is the place for you. The rooms are incredibly small. The decour is a throwback to an earlier age, for example each curtain when pulled across had a good 30cm depth difference! The beds had old blankets on them which matched very nicely with the old wardrobe and desk which had what can only be described as a school chair under it. We went to ask for more pillows at which point the reception staff said that they did not have any but he very helpfully brought out two pillows but told us that they were dirty but that we could use them anyway !! after a couple of bewildering minutes they did finally relent to give us a couple of pillowcases as well. The carpets were worn, the lock was broken on…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or540-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Dreadful, empty whisky and wine bottles under bed along with months of dirt.","Had booked one double and one triple(three single beds). On arrival given one very dirty small double, one double bed and one single in other room. Staff changed family room for three singles in basement. After one night in double requested a quieter room , also changed for us. The first night we spent in a double room on the first floor, bathroom filthy, silacone around bath ,black, lever on taps fell off and bruised my foot, electric socket in room did not work, could not leave window open at night , as window opened upwards, providing zero security, no air conditioning and balcony shared by others who were outside our window smoking. Our second night room had empty bottles under the bed along with a broked wooden slat also lying under bed, behind headboard large hole in wall…",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or540-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Price is what you pay - value what you get,"I spent one night in the hotel in the heart of Paddington. We paid 42 pounds for the night, which was a fair price given the location close to Hyde Park and the city center and the summer month we were traveling in.   The room itself was small but exhibited a reasonable level of cleanliness in this price category. The bathroom was also okay. Breakfast was offered but we haven't tried.  I read some negative comments about the place and I can only confirm them partially. If you pay the quoted 270 pounds per night, the hotel would be a disaster. For our discounted price of 42 pounds, the price/quality ratio was on a reasonable level.  Negative in the end were the limited opportunities to store luggage safely after the check-out. The staff just offers to leave any bags in the hotel…",Date of stay: July 2010,3.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or540-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","DISGUSTING, DIRTY DISGRACE WITH RUDE STAFF","This hotel is a disgrace. I checked into a room that had smoothie spilt in the carpet, and smelt disgusting. Then, the noise from others in the hotel kicked off early evening and you can hear every noise possible from other guests and that is not what I want to hear. In complaining I got nowhere. I had to leave after midnight on the day I checked in due to the noise and the stuffy smelly rooms.  I was told it would be no problem to get a refund, I had to deal with the manager the next day. i called the manager twice a day to never get anyone, to not get a reply to my letters, calls, emails. I got response from an endless amount of rude foreigners who worked at the hotel.  This place is shameful and I advise people to not waste their money.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or540-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value for money,"I have to admit that after reading the mixed reviews I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I booked this hotel. I booked a double room for 1 night for me and my fiance because we were going the the Kings of Leon concert in Hyde park. When we arrived I handed the receptionist  a print out of our reservation and she quickly gave us our room card/key, so book in was quick and easy, when we got to our room we were happy to see we had a triple room with a double bed and a single bed, that we were given for no extra charge, The room was clean and the en-suite  bathroom was freshly cleaned and spotless.. It had clean towels and the shower was very powerful. There was a small portable TV that didn't have many channels but was fine. The bed was very comfy and I had a great night sleep…",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or540-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Cheap and Nasty,"Having travelled for 7 weeks, we had stayed in many hotels and this one stood out as particularly grotty. The first room we were put in had old red carpet which was badly in need of replacement or cleaning with black spills over them and the bedcovers also looked dirty and worn. There were also cigarette burns in the desk top. The room was so small we couldn't open our suitcases. Breakfast was the meanest we have seen with thin toast and homebrand cereal and watery tinned fruit. YUK.",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or545-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible awful,"Stayed here one night only (thankfully) in june 2010, got a double basement room for £65. Room was tiny, dark (had bars over the windows), bedcover was like some stained 1950's throwback. Put the shower on - went in 5 mins later and it was blocked and overflowing with others peoples hair. Disgusting. Breakfast was dilute orange and a fight over infrequent racks of toast! It might be cheap but there are better places!!!",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or545-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worth the price,"After making the reservation, I read all the reviews on here and I must say I was very worried of what I had to expect upon arrival. My stay at Pembridge Palace proved otherwise, I had originally booked a single room but I was assigned to a double room at no extra charge! The breakfast was very simple, the room was clean and worth the price I paid for. Would definitely stay here again!",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or545-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"1. Receptionist very busy but remained polite, reception area warm and welcoming; 2. Bathroom small but very clean recently referbished; 3. Double bedroom small, however the bed was very comfortable and the sheets were clean; 4. Breakfast was adiquate for me however my husband could have done with more of a choice;",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or545-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Great, would stay again","Stayed here from 5-7th June for the Rage Factor gig in Finsbury Park. Our room was a decent size (one double bed and a single, even tho we only paid for a double room) and very clean, looked like it had been recently refurbished. Breakfast wasn't great which was a disappointment, just toast (which disappeared like gold dust when it was brought out) and boiled eggs. Oh well, there's a great pub around the corner (Prince Edward) that had a good menu! It was very easy to find in a great location, just round the corner from Bayswater or Queensway; lots of bars, restaurants etc nearby. Only problem with the room was the thin walls; were woken up a few times in the night when the upstairs room flushed their loo. Would stay here again.",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or545-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money in a great location,"I read many reviews of this hotel and as you do, only come out thinking of the bad ones.  If you are going to be staying in London....how much time are you going to spend in your hotel?  There is so much to do, and I would presume you would have plans already set.  The Pembridge is perfect.  Check in was very quick, the room was clean, bathroom very clean and I had a good nights sleep.  Woke up in the morning, had a shower and checked out for my day in London.  Where else 2 minutes from tube and Hyde Park could you get a hotel for £49 for a double room?  This was just what I wanted, a bed and a shower.",Date of stay: May 2010,3.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or550-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","the price was great, location is great the room was fine.","My partner and I stayed here for three nights while in London visiting friends and sight seeing in Feb 2010. After I spent days searching the net I think we got the cheapest priced hotel for that area and for the price I paid I thought it was fine.   The room was small, but I had expected that, it was clean enough, the bathroom looked like it was new and the water was nice and hot. The heating was fine I was never uncomfortable and we both slept very well there. As for breakfast I thought it was good value (again I wasn’t really expecting much after all the comments on Tripadvisor) heaps of toast, cheese and boiled eggs, some canned fruit, tea coffee and juice. If you are just looking for a cheap basic room in a good location then this is the place.  I would stay there again.",Date of stay: February 2010,3.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or550-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","£47 double 4 a good location, below standard room, very crap breakfast","My partner is working in London so we've been staying in a different budget hotel each week.  So, £47 got us;  >> a double room. >> in a really good location- if you walk the opposite way to Bayswater station you end up in Notting Hill. >>basic clean room with no tea/coffee facilities-instead you head to the reception area and purchase hot drinks for 50p. >> breakfast consists cereal, tea/coffee, 6 rounds of toast being brought out every 10 mins for everyone to squabble over. I would only recommend this for someone after a cheap centrally located hotel who plans to spend little time there.",Date of stay: March 2010,2.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or550-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel from hell!,"Went overnight to watch a London show, booked hotel as it looks lovely online. It is far from what the pictures show on their website, maybe its of another hotel. Fire alarm went of twice during early hours of 5am! Cracks and holes in the wall of which i have photograpic evidence! Grotty bathroom, no plug in bath. Huge piles of dust everywhere. What looked like pubic hair on our sheets, felt very dirty in the morning. T.V. was blurry! Curtains were not hung properly. Drawings on wall, head board was hanging off. Did ask to move and was refused! .. Could not leave as we had pre-paid! ... Would not recommend it! Not a nice hotel for an anniversary!",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or550-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY here,"we were stuck in Germany and could not make it to London due to the volcano.  We immediately started calling for travel and to cancel this 3 night stay.  It took over 24 hours to contact.  We were told that we had to ALSO give them notice via e-mail.  LUCKILY, we could get access to a computer and did what was asked.  We gave them plenty of notice but they still refused to credit anything (even ONE day) for the stay.  This in spite of no vacancy when we would call to check -- even late at night.  After reading other reviews and our experience -- I would not recommend.",Date of stay: May 2010,1.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or550-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",This is your ideal place if you're not too picky!,"My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel during the Easter break. When walking into the grand reception we thought that we had walked into the wrong hotel! We were very amazed! Check-in was a very quick process, the standard of the room met our expectations as we are not at all picky and it was worth our money. The location of course as others have said is excellent, our room was also facing the beautiful garden! We enjoyed our stay in this hotel and would recommend this to a friend but not someone who is very picky!!",Date of stay: April 2010,3.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or555-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",vile-worst hotel ever had to stay in!!!avoid like the plague!,"Dirty,old,vile hotel.DO NOT BOOK SINGLE BASIC!...Unless you like the thought of being in a prison cell with no bathroom,no tv no kettle,no room for a suitcase and the windows nailed shut! Would not recommend this hotel to anyone,how they have the nerve to name it a palace is beyond me!! Noisy,full of strange groups of people running up and down the corridors all night! Didnt even bother with breakfast!Worst hotel iv ever had to stay in!I even upgraded my room and it was still terrible,very bad value for money...they should pay thier customers to stay there!!",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or555-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not my idea of a palace!,"Having read a selection of mixed reviews we booked the Pembridge Palace hotel on a last minute deal not expecting it to be top of the range. However, the hotel's website and the 3 star rating put the hotel in a positive light and having booked great last minute hotels through the same website we were still hopeful for a bit of london luxury.  Unfortunately, we we soon disappointed. The entrance to the hotel was well presented but not as grand as the cleverly taken pictures on the website! As other reviews have highlighted, we quickly noticed a bizarre musty smell which continued into our cosy/tiny bedoom. The room was fairly clean and the bathroom was the most presentable feature of the room. We tried to air the room by opening the window but we never were able to rid the room…",Date of stay: April 2010,2.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or555-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not sure about the 3 star bit - maybe no stars,"Based on that the fact that I was looking for a budget hotel, when I saw 3 stars, I was thankful. However, when I arrived at the door steps of the Hotel, I was very disappointed. We all were. Check in was a quick process yes, however the hallways to the room has this weird smell, not a pleasant one. Got to the room only to see dirty walls, stained sheets, a dusty wardrobe, torn blankets, coarse, discoloured  towels that were apparently SUPPOSED to be white and a bed that had a frame that was moving apart. The bathroom was the most presentable part of the room, but that too had little pick ups. Last but not least, along the stairway in the room, there is a hole in the wall, and next to it is a crack as well. Breakfast was not as continental as we expected so we didn't have it. …",Date of stay: April 2010,1.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or555-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Dirty Filthy Place,I stayed there last night from the outside it looks bad when you go intothe lobby it doesn't look to bad I was given room B13 on entering the room it was dark dingy and damp the carpet had Staines on and the bed had chewing gum stuck to the sheets.  I went to open the window which was coverd in cob webs and fag butts. So I went to the pub for the night. On returning I wanted a cup of tea before bed which was a struggle as there is no kettle in rooms went to reception to be told I had to bye a tea for 50p. Breakfast was crap cheep cornflakes and waterd down orange juice. I was suppossed to be staying there tonight but booked out when I found iv been bitten by flies. DIRTY PLACE SHOLUD BE SHUT DOWN,None,1.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or555-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Truly a Palace,"I stayed at Pembridge Palace Hotel in March 2010 in a quad en-suite room with a couple of friends. When we first we walked into the reception we were amazed to find the grand style given to it, it was beyond our expectations. The receptionist was very friendly, did not take long to check us in and gave us all the information necessary. The room was averge, neither was bad or too good, its just fine for a couple nights in London. We enjoyed our stay in this hotel and would recommend this to anyone, and if I ever intend to go back to London, I will definitley reserve at this hotel!",Date of stay: March 2010,3.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or560-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book into this hotel,"The reception area wasn't too bad, which lulls you into a false sense of security. The rooms were absolutely disgusting. The beds looked like the bedding hadn't been changed in months! The carpet looked as though it should have been thrown out about 5 years ago. Paint was coming off the walls and woodwork and the rooms were damp. I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy",Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or560-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",worse hotel ever,when we arrived we were given a single room after booking a double room . after complaining we were sent to the basement room which turned out to be next to the staff room . we found out the hard way and was kept awake half the night by the staff ( all french) shouting swearing and smoking outside the window which didnt even shut properly and the blind didnt even fit the window so could see straight in room. after complaining twice they finally moved us at 2 am in the morning. after worse night ever we were looking forward to breakfast what a joke cold boiled eggs a slice of cheese and bread and when the toast did come out there was a fight for it,Date of stay: March 2010,1.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or560-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",great location and cheaper than the ones around,i booked this hotel very late and the offered me a very good deal compared to the ones arounf the same area. it was only minutes away from hyde park as well which was very good after a long day of meetings.,Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or560-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",I cried when I saw our room!!,"I stayed in this awful hotel. I needed somewhere last minute and didn't want to pay over the odds. I was horrified when we got to the room and even cried when I saw how grubby the place was. I slept with my own towel on the pillow as it was so uncomfortable. The beds looked like they had been pulled out of a skip and were dirty under the vallance.  There were also no first aid facilities, I hit my head and my husband asked for ice, which they couldn't give us, instead they produced a half empty old bottle of Fanta, which was sticky, from a freezer and expected me to put it on my head!  Overall, a badly run hotel with not redeeming features. Please don't stay at this hotel!!!! I don't mind a basic, no frills kind of place but this is DIRTY and would be a hazard to your health!",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or560-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Stay Away !!,"The only good thing about the hotel is its location, however it is very close to a drop in/homeless hostel.  We are two girls who were very tired when we arrived, The guys at reception were creepy, the first room they showed us to had a large window which only one curtain actually fitted, It was no bigger than a shoebox with no nets at the windows so no privacy, tv had no ariel, and we itched before we even took our coats off!! Next room was slightly bigger with nice stained walls and a door that had been kicked in so no chance of locking.  We rang recpetion to ask them to look at it, they said we would have to change again.  The rooms have no hairdryer, kettle, actually they have less than the bare minimum. Horrendous the type of place dodgy pornos are made in my opinion.",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or565-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A Victorian hotel last renovated in the Victorian times?,"I stayed at this hotel for one or two nights after moving to London for a few months on a very short notice. After a couple of nights I switched elsewhere. This hotel is in pretty bad condition and badly in need of renovation. The room was cold and I could hear every noise coming from the near-by rooms. Breakfast was pretty bad, too (worst coffee I've ever had). The guy at reception was sleezy. The area is very nice and charming though, but I'd choose another hotel in the area. To be fair though, for this low price, you shouldn't expect too much anyway.",Date of stay: January 2008,1.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or565-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",not luxury but very good deal and location for the price,we wanted to see the london fireworks for the new year and this was one of the only hotels available and compared to the others it was the cheapest. i would definitely  stay at this hotel if i visit london again.,Date of stay: December 2009,4.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or565-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible hotel, no value at all",My holiday ws ruined bec of my stay at this hotel. I have itch all over my body. I have to cont mey tretment as it is the most uncomfotable. got the disease hope it will go away. i havent got a proper sleep. the bed hav crawling insects in the hotel. i told staff but no help. just said yes but no help given to me. and they mistake charge my card until now they havent return my money. TO MANAGEMNT: I BEG please do somting. dont make promises to your guest and be honesst with your servce,Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or565-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",I wasnt expecting luxury for the price but WOW I was disappointed,"I stayed in this hotel for one night and that was too many!!  Not only was the paint peeling off the walls and the curtains falling down but the walls next to the bed were grubby, the bathroom put me off and the floor boards creaked louder than a thousand trumpets when someone walked past our bedroom. Not only is it poorly taken after but they don't have anything! When we wanted a bottle of wine, not a corkscrew was to be found in the place. Poor show for a hotel in such a nice part of London. Needless to say I didn't stay for breakfast.",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or565-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Misleading Booking Information,"I booked a smoking room  in this hotel with expedia. However, upon check-in, I was informed that the entire hotel was non-smoking, and that there would be a charge of 100GBP if the guests would smoke in the rooms.  I am very disappointed with the misleading booking information, as I could have booked another hotel with a real smoking room.   Had I known that the hotel was non-smoking, I would have booked another one.   I would have overlooked the small, dreary room or the meager breakfast, given that the room rate really was cheap. But I cannot get over blatantly misleading potential customers through false advertising.  Beware booking this hotel  as you may not get what you really expect.",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or570-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Stay away from this Hotel, for you own Health and Safety!","I booked this hotel thinking it looked like a decent 3 star hotel in a posh area in London. BIG MISTAKE. The rooms are tiny, and smelly. They didn't change the sheets and towels from the people that stayed in the room before us, and the service was extremely slow and the people that own it just don't care. It is illegal to have a hotel like that open where the standards of hygiene are worse that in a third world country! I am looking to report this hotel to the appropriate organisation.",Date of stay: January 2010,1.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or570-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",DANGEROUS AVOID THIS MOTEL,I had stayd at this motel. Result? I got insect bites all over my body. BETTER CLOSE THE MOTEL! Jz giving diseases to guests. No value for money at all. You cannot sleep too much noise. the wall is like a paper. Shame. They charged my account 3x the whole price and no refund has been made!!!!,Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or570-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not stay at Pembridge Palace,We had booked to stay at Pembridge Palace for 5 nights but moved out after 12 hours. The place is filthy with no hot water. Why is it allowed to remain open?,Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or570-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"The Pembridge Hotel is the worst value for money hotel i have ever stayed in.  The location is great but that is the only good thing about it.  The rooms are awful, and literally the size of the bed and very old fashioned and not decorated.  Our room was in the basement next to the laundry room, it was one of the worst nights sleep i have ever had in a hotel.  On top of this in the morning the breakfast room was far too small for the amount of visitors.  people were standing up eating breakfast and microwaving their coffee as it was cold.  For £100 it was a total rip off.",Date of stay: December 2009,1.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or570-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasent stay,"Sometimes it can be really difficult to find decent accomodation in London which is not toom expensive. The hotel is clean enough, nice and location is great, only 5-10 minutes from the closest tube station or few minute walk to Portobello Road in Nothing Hill and Kensington Gardens. In my opinion it's value for the money that also includes a continental breakfast.",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or575-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","If the price is low, then it's ok, but only then!","We booked our stay the night before we arrived and therefore got a very good price. It was a last minute trip so we said ""good location and a three star hotel at low rate, preferably with breakfast included"" And that's what we got. Well, I don't know about three star it could also have been a two star. i think it depends on what room you get! We got a pretty nice room when we arrived late and we really wondered what all bad reviews where about. Well, we found out when we got to bed - it was like sleeping on the floor, and when we tried to get the shower on - it was almost impossible to turn it on and once we got it turned on it did'nt get off! So, with a smile on our lips we got to shange to another room with a brand new shower! Beside this little insidence (the bed was fixed…",Date of stay: November 2009,3.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or575-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here...,"I booked to stay at this hotel but had to cancel my stay. I cancelled well within the time set out in the terms and conditions so that I wasn't charged, but the hotel charged me for the first nights stay..trying to get the money back has been a nightmare, no one taking my call, returning my call, refunding my money....Don't stay at this place bad customer service taking money from your account without letting you know...I'm having to go through my bank to reclaim the money...YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED..........",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or575-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel that I have ever stayed in.,"I can not believe how horrible this hotel is.  Here is my list:  The room was tiny, there was no space to put anything; the wardrobe was too small, I couldn't even fit my bag in it; there was only one bedside table even though it was a double room, there was only one flat pillow each and a sheet with a blanket that kept sliding off the bed; the light bulb was hanging out of the broken ceiling light fitting, which had no cover; the bathroom was so small you had to walk in sideways; there was no soundproofing between the rooms so you could hear people in the next room talking; the floorboards above us and on our level creaked incredibly loudly to the point I kept expecting to find someone in our room; if someone in another room used their bathroom you could hear as the pipes were…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or575-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Filthy dirty, extremely poor hotel.  The owner is dishonest.","We were travelling in Norway and had booked an 8 night stay (Saturday through the following Sunday nights) in this hotel.  Our plans changed to leave London for two nights and I contacted Hotels.com to cancel our stay on Friday and Saturday, returning on Sunday night.  We were told that this could be done at the hotel upon our arrival.    The owner informed me that, with five full days notice, the two night cancellation was not a problem and that we could leave one piece of luggage in the hotel lobby during our absence.  We departed on Friday, returning the key card for our room.  We returned on Sunday and checked out on Monday.  Upon checkout the owner went back on his word and refused to refund us for the two nights we had cencelled.  He said that we may be able to get a…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or575-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Crap!!!!,"The price and location seemed good but it was not worth it. The room was tiny with there not being enough space for 2 people to move around without one going and standing in the toilet. The bed had one flat pillow each a sheet and dirty blanket. The en-suite was also small and you had to walk in sideways past the sink to get in. The walls between the rooms were obviously very thin as you could hear people having a normal conversation in the next room. You can hear people all night, pipes clanking, floorboards squeaking, doors banging. The stairways were disgustingly dirty with months of dust lying around. The one we went down had a broken banister which would have been dangerous for young children. In the morning there was no hot water for a shower and when we mentioned this to…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or580-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Our worst hotelexperience ever,"Dirty filthy carpet, small room, too little wardrobe and worst of all, the beds were lousy, filthy, a flat pillow and you only had an old seamy blanket to take over you. Not worthy to be called beds as they were unfit to sleep in. You can hear whatever your neighbour says or do in the next room. The toilet did not flush and the sewer was stopped so there was water in the sink all day. No internet connection was available although it is promised on the website for the hotel. All in all: Disgusting. Don't ever go there.",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or580-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER STAY HERE UNLESS YOU DO NOT WANT TO SLEEP!!,We arrived and the owner was on his personal phone for 15mins then gave us a basement room...the basement hall had no carpet. The room had damp coming through the walls and signs of major structural issues. I have photos to show you!!!  TV was from the 1970's  Sofa bed was dirty and torn...  Please no one should stay here....,Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or580-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Please, please stay away!!!!!!!!","Please PLEASE don't stay there. My husband booked this hotel for its location if nothing else, as we only needed a bed to sleep on for one night. I had very low expectations, and still this hotel (it doesn't even merit the title of a ""hotel"") managed to disappoint and disgust me. I've been to over a hundred hotels and hostels and inns in my lifetime so that's saying something. I suspect the place got a 3-star rating because the owner (cleverly) invested all their resources in the lobby area, because I cannot imagine how it could have gotten the rating with its old, grubby rooms. So, here's the list: tiny room, broken window, tiny TV with poor reception, could barely stand in the bathroom (was actually surprised the shower had hot water), disgusting mattress and blankets…",Date of stay: October 2009,1.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or580-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't do it!!,"I read the reviews after booking the hotel through Lastminute.com and so was dreading staying there (really wish I'd read the reviews first). I wasn't expecting The Ritz and said to my Mother ""It's just a bed for a couple of nights, it can't be that bad"". How wrong I was! It was awful....The room was tiny and the walls were filthy. as previously stated, there are no tea/coffee making facilities which to me is a basic requirement. The carpet was thread bare and dirty. I dreaded going back to the hotel each night as it's so gloomy and you wake up feeling dirty. The only positive thing I have to say about it was that the lift works! I've stayed in basic accomodation before but this was by far my worst experience and would urge anyone to stay elsewhere if possible.",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or580-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","disappointing stay,take your own plug!","We werent expecting anything spectacular but after being quite pleased that we actually had a bathtub as well as a shower we were  somewhat annoyed to find there was no plug for either the bath or the washbasin,After asking at reception we were told to ask housekeeping the following day which when we did we were told they didnt have any, and to have a shower instead.There are no tea making facilities in the room and although some at reception,these are not free.Room was very small and quite grubby.I have to add that  I actually booked the hotel Reem next door but on arrival was told we were being  moved to its sister hotel , the Pembridge Palace which was 'better'  ,if this was the case then Reem must have been very poor.The hotels obviously move guests between the two of them…",Date of stay: September 2009,2.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or585-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",simply awful.,"in short, i cannot believe this is a 3 star hotel. upon arrival, the staff were unfriendly and very slow at getting us our room key. we had booked a double room online, only to be told when we arrived that no double rooms were available! the room we stayed in felt dirty and it felt like the walls were made of cardboard - we could hear noise of snoring, talking, showering and using the bathroom from rooms above, below and beside our own. beds were extremely uncomfortable. we generally felt uneasy about the area as it seemed unsafe. at times, we even felt uneasy in the hotel. it was however located very close to bayswater tube station so it was handy enough for travelling into central london. we will not be staying here again and would not recommend it to others.",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or585-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","TERRIBLE HOTEL, DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!","Myself & a friend booked a 3 nt stay at this hotel via Lastminute.com. It was advertised as a 3 star in an upmarket part of London-Bayswater- and had a very impressive photo on the site which made it very appealing. When we arrived we were allocated a very small, cramped twin room with no facilities. The 2 single beds were falling apart, the base was ripped on both all around and the bed covers were a drab brown. The towels were threadbare, faded and dark red. There were no facilities in the room, not even basic tea/coffee/kettle etc. The TV didn’t work, the paint work was very dirty and the window frame had a thick layer of dust.  There was no slip mat in the bathroom or floor mat, just a single towel each, no extra hand towel. We complained and were shown 2 further rooms which…",Date of stay: September 2009,1.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or585-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here!,"I have never been so disgusted by a hotel. We were barely acknowledged as we checked in, we asked for a double room and got a twin. The rooms were tiny and offered no facilities; tv did not work, no bulbs in bedside lamps, no kettle or glass in our room for a drink. The decor was shabby and the toilet was stained. The continental breakfast we were offered was nothing more than tea and toast as they had run out of everything else half an hour before breakfast finished, when I approached a member of staff about this she just laughed!! We got our things, checked out and had breakfast elsewhere. What a total waste of money and it ruined my weekend break!!",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or585-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't stay there!,"My sister, partner and I stayed at this hotel in August 2009.  We booked it on the spur of the moment off lastminute.com.  We checked the website and as it was awarded 3 stars we were expecting it to be basic but comfortable.    We arrived late at night so the building was lit up at the front and with the white pillars made it look really nice.  However, that impression was very quickly erased when we entered our rooms.  My sister stayed in a single room on the second floor.  Her room was tiny!  If you're a bit on the tubby side foget it (luckily my sis is petite)!  The bed was placed against the window so she was freezing in the night.  However, the bathroom wasn't too bad.  My boyfriend and I stayed in the ""basement.""  There was a window which was covered by a tatty blind and…",Date of stay: August 2009,2.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or585-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and pleasant hotel,"Really enjoyed staying at this hotel, was clean, the room had everything we needed. Staff was polite and friendly. Was totally accessible, 5 minute walk from Bayswater tube station which took you anywhere you wanted to go in London. Bus stop was a 5 minute walk too. Bayswater is a lovely area to stay in, with plenty of shops & restaurants & a 5 minute walk to Kensington Gardens which is lovely on a nice summers night. Will definately be coming back again next time we come to London.",Date of stay: August 2009,5.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or590-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Depressing!,"We booked to stay in this hotel to have a cheap break in London but unfortunately it ended up costing us twice as much because we had to book somewhere else to stay! The receptionist was unhelpful, in the box-like room the toilet and bedding were stained, the carpet looked like it had experienced very little contact with a hoover in its long lifetime.. and whilst in the room unpacking a random 'maintenence' man just wandered in! A shocking 3* hotel.",Date of stay: August 2009,1.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or590-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel in the world,This hotel was filthy and unsafe for any age person. We told reception my sons good headphones was gone from the room not interestered told me to go and see housecleaning because he could nt be bothered moving .Nothing like pictures never go and waste money .Rooms was full of damp  and staff at hotel looked scruffy no effort at all,Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or590-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Small rooms, holes in mattress, peeling carpet..","Charged for 2nd night before we had even seen the room- which was probably quite smart on their part as we would not have stayed a second night!  Tiny hotel room, dirty bed covers, lumpy pillows, REALLY poor mattress- holes on one side and totally sunk on the other! Huge sash windows that do not stay open- had to wedge ours with a chair.. carpet not tacked down by the door which made it hard to open (trust me, you do not want to get trapped in these rooms!) and carpet totally worn out by the window.  The room had a balcony (you had to climb out of the window to get to it) which ran all the way along the front first floor- anyone could have opened the window and got in! The rooms had no safe- nor was one offered at reception so we had to take all our possessions with us each day.…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or590-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever!,"We stayed here without reading any reviews and just picked the hotel because of the location. What a mistake we made, this is the WORST hotel that i have ever stayed in my life - The room was dirty, the bed was broken, the carpet was ripped, the door didn't even lock and the reception staff were rude and spoke very little english - complete waste of money and a disgrace!",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or590-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",dont ever go there,"it was the most disgusting place i have ever stayed in  spoilt my whole weekend, it should be closed down the staff r rude the place is filthy how they can call this a hotel is beyound me , the bedding was filthy,carpets thread bare no plug in bathroom sink, main light did not work the list would  go on to long and this room was one of the better rooms after refusing the first 2 . Me and my friend sat in the lobby listening to all the guests complaining nobody was happy you would not let your dog stay there",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or595-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",we gona come again to pembridge palace hotel,"Excellent value for money, everything is beyond expectation. Just make sure you know the location well as Princess square is a bit confusing with old road meeting the new. There's a guy wandering in that area targeting ""lost"" travellers, offer walking you to the door then later asks for few pounds tips.",Date of stay: June 2009,5.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or595-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not as good as when we last stayed.,"We stayed at the Pembridge Palace some 5 years or so ago now and when we recently decided to visit London, we thought Bayswater would be a good place to base ourselves again. The Palace has deteriorated since we last stayed there. I recommended this hotel to my business colleagues in the past but would now hesitate to do so. I like small hotels but expect a modicum of quality, service, peace and cleanliness, all sadly lacking during this visit. It was not cheap either. Sorry Pembridge - must try harder.",Date of stay: May 2009,2.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or595-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Dont believe the Good Reviews This Place was very poor,Booked for 2 nights Arrived to find they did not have the room that we booked directly with the Pembridge 2 months before and had a written confirmation  Tried to put us into a hotel down the road. ( This Hotel was a shocker so we insisted on tthem fix thier Problem mysteriously found 2 rooms available ( we had booked a triple room) I dont  blame the staff but I do hold the owenersof  the Hotel. to task 3 star is a joke. Their rooms are  small dirty smelly noisy thin walled and creaky floor boarded fire traps. The electrical switches in the room had live conductors exposed. The Mattress did not have protectors the pillows had stains. The bathroom had fitting falling off and mould.  Just dont even bother believing the pictures on the web site. The food at breakfast was poor. No…,Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or595-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel I've ever stayed in!! DON'T BOOK!!!,"My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in July. The pictures that are shown on the internet of how this hotel looks are very misleading. It was dirty, it smelt and the room was the size of a shoe box. It was so small we had to move the bed so we could open the wardrobe. The towels were ancient and smelt, and felt like sandpaper. The staff were miserable and unfriendly. The dining room was again dirty, for breakfast all they had on offer was a basket with slices of bread in it and some basic brand cornflakes. We took one look at it, and walked out to get food elsewhere. I have stayed at hostels in London in the past for £15.00 a night, which have been a lot nicer than this hotel, which we paid £90.00 per night. The location is quite a walk to the underground, and…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or595-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",3 star must be a joke,This is a one star hotel  worst hotel that i have been in    Small and dirty rooms. Even the shades had blood stains on them we asked the service to change them and some light bulps that did not work but nothing happened. STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL,Date of stay: April 2009,1.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or600-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","good location, excellent service","I stayed at this hotel at a good price. As it was my first time in the city, i asked some help for directions and tourist spots. The receptionist was quite helpful. They gave me a lot of brochures for places to see. It was terrific and fun experience. I actually extended my stay because of that. I can say it was my best vacation. I was relaxed and I saw a lot of beautiful places. Although their room is small, I had a comfortable stay and satistified with what I paid. The location is great. It is near to shopping malls, cafes. And they have a private garden which is lovely.",Date of stay: April 2009,5.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or600-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value For The Money,"I found the man on reception to be friendly and polite, as was I, we had a brief chat and he upgraded me from a single to a double room for no extra charge.  It certainly pays to be pleasant. The room was really quite small, but it was clean and tidy, as was the en-suite bathroom. Breakfast was fine, nothing special, but the coffee was good. All in all an excellent budget hotel in the very heart of London, I was very happy with it for the low price I paid and would use it again for an overnight stop in the centre of town.",Date of stay: April 2009,3.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or600-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",good place to stay,"I had a great time during my stay. The staffs were generally helpful and polite. Although the room is small, it was  well maintained and cleaned eveyday. I love the garden. I find it relaxing. I would definitely recommend you staying there.",Date of stay: April 2009,3.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or600-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of this hotel,"I have not stayed in the hotel as I had to cancel my booking. I cancelled within time and was told there was a £5 cancellation fee which I was happy to pay. I cancelled my booking on 19th Jan 2009 - I am still waiting on my refund (and today is 11th April)!!! I booked through laterooms.com and they have been brilliant in helping me chase this, the only problem is we keep believing the hotel accounts department when they say they have refunded it. It finally got to the point where on the 9th April they yet again said they had credited my card and when we asked for proof we got a badly faxed receipt on the 10th April with a credited date of the 10th which means they had yet again lied about refunding my card on the 9th April. Laterooms even had to temporarily suspend them from…",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or600-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Cheeap - Great Location - Could do with some TLC,"You pay for what you get, yes it could do with some redecoration, yes you can hear other guests moving around, but can't you at a lot of hotels, yes rooms are basic, tea/coffee makers in rooms would be a nice touch - breakfast is typical of a lot of hotels these days cereals, toast, tea or coffee. But the beds are comfortable, showers work, bathrooms and bedrooms are clean, location is great, and yes I would stay again. If you want total luxury you will need to pay a lot more than this accommodation in London  Ratings given are based on price paid, if you want five star pay five star prices,",Date of stay: February 2009,3.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or605-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't visit!!,"Poor cleanliness,terrible service in the reception, very small room for two persons..nice and quite location, good value for a hotel in London but it's not what it looks like in the pictures!",Date of stay: January 2009,2.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or605-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",beware,Be warned if you book this hotel and then for unforseen circumstances need to cancel within the allotted time you will be told you will pay the £5 cancellation fee which is fine however they then take the whole booking fee I have spent the last 10 days trying to get a refund the accounts staff are extremely unhelpful the manager /owner is supposed to be there between 10 and 4 each day but everytime you ring he is not there he does not return calls and noone can help apparently noone else in charge therefore what happens in an emergency you are left stranded I would never book with them again however pay a little more and go elsewhere and just look at the other reviews say no more....,Date of stay: February 2009,1.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or605-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible in every way possible. Only good for location.,"I found this hotel via hotels dot com where it was listed as a 3 star.  It was probably ok as a hostel and certainly wasn't even a 1 star tourist class hotel in my view.  I actually booked through the hotels own website where the photos looked decent and the description inviting.  They also had an unfeasibly good deal on the week I wanted to stay...I should've twigged that this was too good to be true!  I booked for 4nts for about £30 per night in a single ensuite. Which for a well-located hotel is excellent. However, I didn't get value for money or the service I was expecting from a hotel listed as 3star.  A palace it aint and calling it a hotel is stretching it, more like a backpackers hostel.  First of all you have to find it. The pictures make it seem that the entrance is…",Date of stay: January 2009,1.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or605-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You Get What You Pay For,"You know...this place fits its purpose, for sure it aint the ritz, but its fairly near bayswater tube station. Me and a mate stayed here on 22nd December after a pretty heavy night out in Leicester sqaure.  Small rooms, but clean enough. The place looks like one or two converted houses and is loacted in a small sqaure with lots of similar hotels/hotels nearby.  At the end of the day, it fit its purpose as a place to crash at the end of a night out, and for £30 off lastminute.com (£15 each) you can't really go too far wrong.",Date of stay: December 2008,3.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or605-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",This is a 1 star hotel!,"When I booked this hotel I believed that it was a 3 star hotel, as it said on the internet, I liked the pictures on the web site and it said that the hotel was recently refurbished. However, the hotel was more like a youth hostel, I was extremely disappointed and also mad because I have been lied to. My room was the smallest one I ever saw, one person must lye on the bed in order for the other person to walk around the bed. The bathroom is so small that there is no way 2 people can stand inside at the same time. There were a few ants (reception and bathroom). The windows were very dirty. Carpeting old, hole in the ground. The sheets were clean and the bathroom was clean, but no glass for tooth brush, no shower gel or shampoo. Breakfast was very simple but ok - boiled eggs,…",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or610-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel!,"The room was unclean; the floor had not been vaccumed, the bed covers were dirty and stained and the towels were frayed and had holes in them.   In the bathroom, the showerhead had mould, the bath tub had not been washed and the taps leaked at night.  The nightime was a total nightmare, constant noise - the walls very thin and every movement could be heard from the room next door and the room above.   The worst hotel I have ever stayed in!",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or610-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",WORST HOTEL experience. Do NOT go.,"This Hotel is terrible. The low price was an attraction for us but in retrospective it is better to spend few pounds more and go elsewhere. On arrival they wanted to send us to another hotel, we insited and they gave us an horrible, squallid and dirty room. The reception of the hotel looks great and it is the only part of the hotel that is decent. All the rest is run down and dirty. The breakfast was abismal! i cannot believe the fact that we had breakfast made us choose this hotel over others as there was only sliced bread, loose tea bags and a jug of hot water! Also, breakfast finished at 10 and at 10 on the clock very rude ladies came out of the kitchen, shouting 'breakfast was over' and we all had to leave, shut all the lights (despite the breakfast room being full of other…",Date of stay: November 2008,1.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or610-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, fair price, no real complaints","Stayed in this hotel for two nights on a work trip to London in early August 2008. Room was small, but very clean. Bathroom was separate from the room in the corridor, but a private one for this room. Service was ok and internet connection available in the lobby. Breakfast sufficient. I only wish they had had the possibility to leave the luggage in a separate room, not in front of the reception desk. Location is ok on a quiet street just a stroll away from Bayswater underground station. I think in London my stay in this hotel for two nights (total 129 euros) was a fair deal.",Date of stay: August 2008,3.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or610-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in,I booked this hotel for 7 nights - what a major mistake!  Arrived in from Australia in the early hours of the mornings to be greeted by a rude member of staff who showed no consideration of getting into a room earlier.  I had to leave my bags in the main lobby with 200 other bags where anyone could take what they want. Finally got into my room - what a disgrace!  Iron marks embedded into the carpet with as many grease stains than what you would find on a footpath outside.  I instantly complained and was told to ring last minute who they ended up ringing the hotel - lastminute were no help at all and was stuck there for 7 days.  The bed was rock hard and lumpy - I had to roll a towel up to place under my hip for some comfort. The bathroom had mould in it and the shower curtain…,Date of stay: June 2008,1.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or610-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Health Risk Warning Warning,"My wife and I checked into this hotel the matres and pillows are stained with years of SEAMAN, BLOOD AND BODY FLUID!!! Don't every stay here if you know whats good for your health.",Date of stay: October 2008,1.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or615-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Avoid this so-called ""hotel""","Avoid this so called hotel. I know this is a budget hotel, but I had read from various sources, that the hotel was categorized as basic comfort. Basic comfort, my [--]! The problems began before we a change to check in. The was no cabinet or a room for left luggage, as usual. It was early in the morning, we did not want to carry our suitcases with us, so we had to leave them in the lobby. Never in my life have I seen so  many signs saying don't do this and don't do that, I felt like I had been thrown into my old kindergarden with slightly more attitude. Well, check-in time came in the afternoon. The lobby was crowded, the was one person working at the reception. I stood in line for 45 minutes, even though I had a reservation, a voucher and I had payed it all in advance. Then the…",Date of stay: March 2008,1.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or615-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Never a rating of 3 stars,"I never expected a Ritz or Marriot hotel. The staff in the hotel were very friendly, with a perfect wake-up service, but this was the only thing that was allright. The room was very small, the beds were squeaky, but clean. The bathroom was terrible. Very much demage and after the shower we needed people from the staff to close the showertap. The floor and walls were very noisy (wooden squeaky floors). The most bad experience was the breakfast. Only one dish at the time with 8 slices of toast on ca. 60 people. There was only cheese and marmelade and cornflakes. No fruit and no meats. The breakfaststaff was very rude and not interested in the guests.  We took afterwards a breakfast in the town. There is only a coffee and thea-bar in the hotel. My personel rating for this hotel is…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or615-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",3 star rating.... that's a joke,"We booked this hotel via lastminute.com. Firstly the photos which you find on the hotel web site have obviously been taken on a good day. We did not expect the Ritz but as another review reads it is more like a hostel than a hotel. We felt very uncomfortable in the room, it was dull, dusty and very dingy. The carpet was filthy, the beds were disgusting (cleanish sheets) but the thought of the blanket or bedcover any where near my skin made the shiver. I felt itchy the whole time in the room. The paintwork has not had a coat of paint for years, the curtains were dusty and dirty.  3 star rating is a joke. I would not rate this even 2 star.   As if the rooms were not bad enough, the continental breakfast was unfit for human consumption. We went down for breakfast, and stayed there…",Date of stay: August 2008,1.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or615-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",good value budget hotel.,For a cheap and cheerfull budget hotel in the heart of London i would recommend this one-ok i admit its not the best room ive ever stayed in but for £22.50 b+b per person per night in the center of London what do you expext.The rooms were quite small but they were clean and tidy and the bed gave me a good nights sleep.  The hotel is about 3 or 4 mins walk from Bayswater tube staion so is in ideal location to visit Lodons top attractions via the underground I personaly wouldnt worry about all the negative comments on here about the hotel as some people just expect 5* treatment for 2* prices-i will be be booking this hotel again in the future as its a good value buget hotel.  karl/rach july 31 08,Date of stay: July 2008,3.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or615-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel...More like Hostel!!,"DO NOT BOOK YOUR STAY HERE!! My partner and I stayed here last night (29th July 08) we weren't expecting The Ritz but we were not expecting this! We booked through lastminute.com for a double room in central London - at first we thought Great price and they throw in a Contintental Breakfast.  We arrived and was shocked ,we were told to go a dingy basement room (B01) the room had a double bed but there was certainly not enough room for 2 people to be walking at the same time! The bathroom was a complete joke - some old shower probably still in there from when the house was built which, no matter how hard you try floods the bathroom floor - and overflows the stand that you are in - causing a little pool in your bathroom. The sink was off the wall and the toilet was filthy!  The…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or620-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not really that bad...,"Myself and 3 girlfriends stayed at the Pembridge Palace Hotel for 2 nights last weekend having decided to have a girls weekend away.   Bayswater itself is a beautiful part of London full of old white townhouse style buildings, and also extremely convienient for travel into the centre of London (about 8 mins on the tube from Queensway station to Oxford Circus).  The hotel from the outside doesn't look much and isn't really much when you get inside - very basic. The reception was nice looking and the reception staff were generally helpful. Both Queensway and Bayswater stations were closed one afternoon/evening and the man on reception was very helpful in directing us to the nearest bus stop and which bus to get on to get back into central London.  The room we stayed in was a quad…",Date of stay: July 2008,2.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or620-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horror experience,"Booked via some last minute website. Upon arrival and obtaining the key to some dangy basement room which the hotel called a quad room, we were taken aback. Definitely a 1 star and not 3 star as depicted in the website. There's just enough room to maneuver around the room. Our four suitcases had to be left vertical. The mattress looks like they been used for a very long time. The pillows looks yellowish. The view of the outside world was limited to looking into neighbouring pipes and drains with just a hint of sunlight and the greenery which fellow travellers have mentioned further below.  Arrived on a thursday with the plans to depart the following thursday. Viola, the receptionist expressed SURPRISE that we were going to stay that long.  Truth be told, we didn't. We asked for…",Date of stay: June 2008,1.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or620-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Unwelcome surprises!,"I would never recommend this place to anyone!  On the first day while I was using the bathroom, a mouse ran in under the door, ran across my feet and ran out!  Naturally we were forced to change rooms.  I was assured via email there would be room for three in our room because a friend was joining us on the third day.  What was not specified in the email was the fact that there was only room for a cot big enough to accomodate a small child.  While booking I made it clear that there would be 3 adults, yet I was given a room that was too small for all of us.  The front desk made me print out my reservation emails, and called in another person before I was given a room for 3 adults, which was what I wanted from the start.  Furthermore, the hotel staff never apologized or even…",Date of stay: May 2008,1.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or620-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not Good,"very weird hotel!  dont go there unless you have a very good price. more than 50 pounds a night would be a steal. Room very small, not so clean, a lot of noise. Staff friendly but not very professional.",Date of stay: May 2008,2.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or620-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good Budget Accomodation,"Overall this place was pretty great budget acommodation. Of course, it's not a palace by anyone's standards but it's in a great location in a quiet part of town and if you're just looking for somewhere to rest your head without emptying your wallet this is a good hotel. The room was pretty small, and bizarrely, had a pink lightbulb (?!) but was exactly what we needed. Breakfast was standard for these sort of places, toast, cereal, juice etc, but if you don't expect much, it's good. Enough options to get you started in the morning. Reception staff are very unhelpful and the showers are cold but at this price you're not expecting the Hilton. Probably best suited to younger backpackers and travellers, as older people seem to have a lower tolerance for this kind of accomm. You get…",Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or625-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Average, good location but very small room","It's not a palace at all, we must say the room is very small but clean. Only the place for two simple beds. The beds are small. My husband who is 1,87m had to sleep with the feet out of the bed.  We had cold water to take a shower. The dinner room is very crowded and the breakfast is basic, only  jam and toasted bread that  they bring once every 10 min.   One positive thing is that it is well located, very close to Bayswater and Queensway underground.  It's a place to stay if you only look for a place to sleep without anything else.",Date of stay: May 2008,3.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or625-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good Location, Reasonable hotel","I stayed at the Pembridge in 2 different occasions, staying at both its single and double rooms. The single room was very small, there were no ensuite facilities, and it was crammed behind some stairs. The double room was better (more spacious), on the ground floor, with nice windows. The breakfast was reasonable. The location is good, there are 2 tube stations nearby.",Date of stay: October 2006,3.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or625-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing service,"There was a power outage in the hotel that lasted more than 2 days, and the staffs kept on telling us that  the problem will be fixed soon but they do not know when. Rooms and hallways were dark, no elevator and worse of all, no water. Then finally they offered us to transfer to another hotel, on the second day. They do not have intentions of transfering us if I did not complain.  I reserved and paid for 2 rooms, but then, they only gave us only one room in the hotel where we got transferred. Before we left Pembridge, the staff told us that we already got 2 rooms, but when we got to the hotel where we transferred, they said Pembridge only gave us 1 room. What a money grab. Very unfair !!!  It was my girlfriend and my brother's first time in the UK and they had a bad hotel…",Date of stay: November 2006,1.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or625-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Average, good if you're on a budget","The hotel is situated in the Bayswater area about 5 minutes from Bayswater underground and 10 minutes from Hyde Park. Plenty of restaurants, pubs, cafes and shops nearby.   I couldn't say anything negative about this hotel. The room and bathroom were clean and the beds were okay. The room itself was not that big and breakfast was rather basic.  If you're looking for a clean bed, a place to rest after exploring the city and you're on a budget this is the place to stay.",Date of stay: March 2008,3.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or625-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good comfortable place,"I was really positively surprised to find such a good hotel in that hotel price category. Clean, freshly refurbished bathrooms, clean and comfy beds, good looking reception area, friendly staff and no hassle stay alltogether. Within walking distance to 3 tube stops and amenities.",Date of stay: March 2008,5.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or630-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Very disgusting!!!,"I've been to many countries in the last couple of years and of course I had seen various kinds of hotels but this was the first time that I was completely unsatisfied with the whole situation. I'm a student and really don't need any kind of luxury but at least it should be clean, that's what everyone expects. It's even worse than the youth hostels and B&B I had stayed so far. Just a few examples: the hotel was not easy to find, my room (single room)was not made by the time I arrived, it was so dirty and disgusting - I even had to tell them that it needed to be cleaned!!! The staff working there was not friendly or helpful with the exception of one person. The breakfast consisted only of tea, coffee, bread, eggs, cheese and marmalade and there was not enough for everyone.…",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or630-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Bad facility and worse service,"My brother and I arrived at the hotel late at night to be greeted by a some what creepy neighborhood. Received a basement room that caught cigarette smoke from an adjacent room which had a porch right outside our window. Electricity sockets had to be traced by following the (tiny) TV cable.  Acoustics were just unbearable as noises from all direction bothered our sleep. Management did little to intervene when young school guests smoked and shouted at night.  Breakfast was crummy, but that could be expected from the budget (45 pounds a night for a room with two beds).  We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights (as we were expecting a couple of pre-ordered packages to arrive at the hotel), planning to spend another night in Liverpool and then returning to a 3rd night in the hotel. The…",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or630-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Only if you're desperate!!!!  NOT in Kensington!!!!!!,"Where to start?!?!  Booked a double room through lastminute, and to be honest i wasnt expecting much for £40.  We arrived at around half ten at night, and had to walk a wee bit from paddington station (you can get a tube, but its not that far a distance).  There were loads of people hanging about in the street, and there were some really dodgy hotels in the street.  My boyfriend and i felt very self conscious, as it was obvious that we were tourists.    I would also like to point out, this hotel is NOT in Kensington!!!!  it is across the park in Bayswater, which is actually a red light district.  The hotel was very quiet, and when we checked in, i had to give my card over to be pre-authorised for £50 worth of charges, 'in case there were any damages'.  I have never had to do…",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or630-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Rooms to small, really bad breakfast, dirty room","The hotel has not been renovated for quite some time. The wallpaper was falling off, the panels very dirty, the elevators are dangerous to use we felt,  no hot water in the morning (and that was every morning)  in the breakfast room there isn't enough place for guests, they bring 8 pieces of toasted bread once every 10 min. (we were 30 people waiting for bread) and it is the same every morning even if  you start at 7 or at 9.30. You also had to wait for coffee cups if you were so lucky there was coffee.   This is not a place to stay if you like just a little comfort. But i guess it is ok for backpackers. I do sound very negative but I must tell you I travel a lot all over the world and this place is the worse I have stayed in considering the rate for the room. I stayed there for…",Date of stay: February 2008,1.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or630-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"Having booked a double room online for £40, I was a bit worried about the whole 'you get what you pay for' situation. But I wanted to save money for going out in London itself and after staying here, the risk was worth it!   Sure, it's not a five star hotel, but it was perfectly clean and pleasant. It was in the opposite direction to where we had planned to hang out in London but it's fine if you don't mind hopping around on the tube. Had difficulty finding the hotel from the tube station but I think that was more due to my lack of direction rather than the hotel being hidden.  Bed was a bit too soft but bedding was clean and there were fresh towels. Bathroom was spotless and shower was nice and powerful.   Breakfast wasn't too bad either, the cereal is not that fresh though but…",Date of stay: February 2008,3.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or635-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Our stay in London,"We stayed here for 3 days and we really enjoyed it. Everything we needed was there and we didn't experience any problems.The breakfast wasn't very big, but it was good.The beds also slept very good. It is a good choice for a good, confortable hotel that's not too expensive.",Date of stay: February 2008,4.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or635-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",ok for the price,booked the pembridge hotel the day before we travelled through lastminute.com which cost £48.00 for a double room with breakfast.  on arrival the room we were allocated was in the basement which is next door to the breakfast room.  the room was very tiny and the shower cubicle was full of green mould and some of the lights didnt work.  the bedding was of very poor quailty and we both felt it was cold at night. the radiator did not work or they have the heating on a timer which come on in the morning.  breakfast was another issue. because the room was  next door to the resturant  the noise from other guests did cause for an early start!!. when we did go for breakfast we could not find a table so we ended up eating in the room we had been allocated.  Quality of breakfast was just…,Date of stay: November 2007,2.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or635-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",enjoy yourself!,"29-12-2007 we have just returned from a shopping day in london...we are very glad to stay in this quiet area,after have stayed in all that chaos of the city centre!coming back we have enjoyed the characteristic aspects of bayswater zone and also bought some english souvenir for our friends! if you like the quiet,but also the noisy life of this beautiful town you should come in this hotel because it is in a central but not so noisy area...and the hotel is comfortable and nice too! enjoy you visit in london as we did!!",Date of stay: December 2007,4.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or635-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Loved the PPH!,"Excellent Service, Room quality with the price... GREAT location! The lift comes in handy!",Date of stay: December 2007,4.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or635-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money.,"We stayed at Pembridge Palace hotel for 4 nights, 4th-8th of June 2007. Our stay was surprisingly pleasant as we had been getting increasingly worried after reading the bad reviews. We booked through (--) and the price for a double room was GBP 55. The staff, all of which spoke excellent English, was helpful, we needed a ligthbulb and it was changed right away and when we asked if we could borrow a wine opener they saw to it right away and brought it to our room. The room was on the 3rd floor next to the elevator and was small but clean. The lobby was really nice with beautiful chandeliers. We had some problems with the TV's antenna and could only watch one channel. The bathroom was in mint condition, and the water pressure in the shower was REALLY good, with as much hot water…",Date of stay: June 2007,3.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or640-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",tiny rooms,"Small rooms, meagre breakfast. Digital door key did not work twice. We only got one key and had to practically beg to get a second one. Bed was not made up when we entered the roomin the afternoon upon arriving. We did not pay much cause booked last minute via ratestogo.com but at the full rate, this hotel would have been the definition of a rip-off.",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or640-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel Cheap but Nice,"I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. It 's basic but nice. I booked a triple room and it was fairly large and the bathroom not so small and new. The breakfast consist in bread, butter, marmelade , milk , coffee , tea anc chocolate...the underground stop is about 5 minute on foot...The portobello market is close...",Date of stay: November 2003,3.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or640-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pembridge hotel,Well stay and confortable. Very near the centre and tube so it's ok for tourism.,Date of stay: November 2007,3.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or640-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",decieving pls read,"Had not read any reviews before going, wish i had though! 1)The staff were rude to begin with. 2)the internet prices kept changing, the website says one thing, the hotel says another. 3) the rooms and bathrooms are tiny. 4) the website also said there were tea and coffee making facilities in the room.... there were not, in fact it was an extra 50p per cup. 5) no such thing as express check in, while we were being treated inadequetly and like criminals the staff were rude to other guests and ignoring a complaint. 6) the towels left on our bed were DAMP!! 7) i politely asked upon booking on the form for an extra pillow. there was no extra pillow. there were no extra covers etc in the wardrobe either. TERRIBLE DO NOT GO!!!!!!",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or640-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,"Dreadful - the room was minute and the bathroom was on a different floor! It was dirty with poor facilities, poor help, poor food; they didn't even have an AtoZ. AVOID.",Date of stay: November 2007,1.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or645-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Satisfying Stay With Friendly Staff! - Will come again!,"My wife and I stayed at Pembridge Palace Hotel for 6 days. We found the lobby stunning, spacious, modern, with a large sitting area and an average-sized outdoor sitting area.       The hotel had a very convenient coffe-shop, for a few hot beverages. With friendly staff and access to internet. The dining room consisted of many seats and had no problems.       Our room smelt fresh, it was a good size, coloured TV with satellite, stylish and modern cupboards/drawers. Each of us had been assisted with soap and towels. The bathroom was a satisfying size, but very modern and clean with a shower/bath.       The hotel is placed in central london with many close attractions, Queensway (Shopping & Dining), Hyde Park (Beautiful park - I would recommend to visit), and many other sites to…",Date of stay: October 2007,4.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or645-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Bed and bugs ... bed bugs .!!!!,"I spent 9 days in this hotel (13 oct - 21 oct 2007) room 301.   The room was ridiculously small, breakfast very poor and the restaurant dirty.   But the worst was that I had bedbugs in my room, and I discovered very late (initially I thought I was allergic to smth.). At leaving I had more than 100 bites over my body and was very itchy.  Generally it was a dirty hotel, one of my worst experiences in my life! Stay away!!!  Today is 23 rd of October, I suffer of itchiness, I cannot sleap and I am scared to death that I could have brought some bugs at home!  Shame to the Hotel! Shame to London Health Authorities (other customers made complaints regularly to them but the hotel still exists and moreover is 3 stars cathegorised)!!!!!",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or645-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",worst hotel experience I've had in London,"I stay in London hotels regularly using a booking agent and couldn't get in where I normally stay when in the Bayswater area, so they offered me the Pembridge Palace. Looks great in the pictures - Nothing like the rooms I saw or stayed in. We arrived very late and the first problem was it was a twin not double as per the booking.  A minor inconvenience. but then it got worse.  The lights didn't work so we given the only other available room, which was next to the boiler room and the noise kept me awake most of the night.  The decor was poor and there was no dressing table or tea making facilities in either of the 2 rooms.  Not even glasses for a drink. The TV remote also had it's batteries taped in!  The sink didn't have a plug and was blocked it also stank. The shower curtain…",Date of stay: October 2007,1.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or645-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Very good hotel, nice location","I've been to this hotel twice, it's really a good hotel, nice & big lobby, with tea & coffee facilities & snacks bar always available. Rooms are clean with good size and nice bathrooms (They look newly refurbished), very good & friendly staff. The hotel got a nice terrace overlooking a garden. The location of the hotel is amazing in central london, only 5 minutes walk to the hyde park & very close to the restaurants & tube stations.",Date of stay: October 2007,4.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or645-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",OKAY,had to stay here 1 night on my own while travelling with work. didnt arrive to hotel till after 7pm- to ook at hotel from outside it looked lovely and the reception was nice. when i was given my room (had booked a double ) there was 2 twin beds. the walls were so thin that i could hear the person nice room snoring.   definitely wont be staying here again,Date of stay: March 2007,2.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or650-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",We will be back!,"My daughter of 11 years, my sister and myself were staying for 5 nights at this Hotel and we were very pleased. The room ( a triple, with 1 double large bed and a single one ) were okay. The bathroom was small, but nice, my very own bathroom is also not that big, so I'm justed to the size! It was clean, every day clean towels.  Breakfast was very surprising! Eggs, cereals, muesli, all kinds of brown an white breads, toast, french bread, tea, coffee, juices, milk and very nice cheese!! And of course jam and nice butter. We were very pleased and enjoyed our getting up every morning to have such a good beginning of the day! Yammie....... Okay, not all of the staff members we very happy, you could see it on their faces, and all of them came from Poland we thought, and there English…",Date of stay: May 2007,4.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or650-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Stay away,"There is no way this is a 3-star hotel. No way whatsoever.  I tried to call them several times before arrival to inform them of my late arrival to the hotel. After numerous attempts in the evening someone finally answered.  When I checked in at 4am, the receptionist was clearly annoyed by this. He gave me the room key, and one more key, saying ""You will have your own bathroom"". Really?  So I had to go out of my room to get to the bathroom. Well, well. It probably wont kill me, I figured.  Then, when I came to the room, no 213, it was freezing cold. They had left the window open, so the room was like a refrigerator.  The radiator on the wall didn't work, but the room was equipped with a small heater that turned itself off all the time.  The room itself was tiny, as well as the…",Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or650-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",this hotel is a health hazard and should be closed down immediately,"This hotel is a disgusting, dangerous pit.  I am appalled that the health and tourism authorities in London have not shut it down, despite the endless complaints from the bedbug-bitten, filth-surrounded, noise-withstanding guests.    The number one problem with the Pembridge Palace is that it is completely infested with bedbugs, and believe me, if you have never been attacked by these blood-thirsty insects, you don't want to try the experience, especially while on vacation far from home.  This hotel obviously has plenty of them, since there are numerous visitors to this site, including myself, who have been eaten alive there, then suffering days and days of itching and disfigurement.  You can complain, but the hotel staff will do NOTHING to remedy the situation but change you to…",Date of stay: April 2007,1.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or650-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Bedbug Palace,"Stay at Pembridge Palace if you want to be eaten alive by bedbugs and wake up in the morning on sheets spotted with your own blood. This was my own experience and that of my parents.  All together, we stayed in three rooms at the hotel.  The first one we moved right out of because it didn't even have curtains.  The second we moved out of because the room was infested with bedbugs.  The third room was in the basement, smelled like mold, and had a television that didn't work.    All the bad things that other guests have reported are true.  The rooms are small and the place is rotting.  Paint is peeling off the walls, everything is damp, nothing gets cleaned, and the staff are entirely unresponsive (Soviet style service, if you get my drift).  After I got back home, I saw a total…",Date of stay: August 2005,1.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or650-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not that bad,"From the previous reviews I expected a terrible stay. But it was fine, honestly. Sure, not what you would expect if you are not used to London hotels, but for the price we paid it was great. Breakfast was basic but OK. Good location close to Hyde Park (albeit North of). If you don't expect too much you won't be disappointed. ",Date of stay: November 2006,3.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or655-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Great budget hotel!  Clean, friendly, convenient and reasonably priced!","Fantastic - definitely a good reasonably-priced hotel to stay in if you're in London, especially for Notting Hill carnival! ",Date of stay: February 2007,4.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or655-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Confused staff, loud guests","We booked the hotel through expedia, and upon arrival, we were beset with problems. They could not find our reservations, and then ignored us while we sat in the lobby. They were not helpful in any way.  They did not try to think of any solutions for us. Finally, we tried the other name in the party (not the person who booked the hotel), and then they realized their mistake. We were not offered any apology and they acted as if it was our fault.    Once we got to the hotel room, it was nice enough. The area was in the bayswater area of london, so there were a lot of cheap hotels there and this seemed one of the nicer ones. This is not saying it was anything close to a hilton or even a marriot, but it was nice enough.   The other problem with the place was that some guests were…",Date of stay: December 2004,2.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or655-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",OK Budget Hotel - BUT 3 star??!!???,"Booked through Ratestogo.com at around 49 GBP p/n. Stayed 10 nights.   Firstly, the place was so confusing to find at 3am in the morning. Situated on Princes Square opposite Leincester Square.   On arrival we checked in and only to find out that there are only non smoking rooms in the hotel when we had booked a smoking room(BUT we smoked outside the room window and no fire alarms went off... LOL). Asked the reception guy if there was internet/wireless internet in the rooms and he said ""NO"".  Anyways turned on my laptop on the 2nd last day to find a FREE WIRELESS CONNECTION.  Location was great. Very close to the Bayswater &  Queensway Tubes. We had abit of a culture shock when we arrived but being greek we didnt really stand out so nobody really bothered us.  Twin Room was tiny.…",Date of stay: October 2006,2.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or655-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A pleasant Surprise,"I had already booked the Pembridge when I read the reviews on this website and was horrified by the bad reports it had received. I would have cancelled if I could but with less than 2 days before our arrival we decided to at least look at the room. We arrived at 9am after 24 hours travelling expecting the worst and were very pleasantly surprised. I asked to see the room before checking in. It wasn't possible at that time because guests had not checked out but the manager suggested we help ourselves to the (all day free) tea/coffee in the lobby while we waited. About 11am (well before the advertised check in time), we looked at a room (121) on the first floor. Although very small it was certainly clean, overlooked the park and had quite nice decore. We ended up staying 6 nights…",Date of stay: September 2006,4.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or655-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Scary Hotel,"This hotel is not any of the things it claims to be on its website.  It is not a three star, it is not conventiently located and it is not clean and comfortable.  There are complimentary drug deals going on outside the hotel, it is run down and dirty and if you don't mind staying in a basement, rather spacious rooms. NOT a place for children!   Additionally, don't use the Findlondonrooms.com website or roomsnet.com if you expect any help if you have a problem. ",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or660-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous,"I booked this hotel for 3 nights as it was advertising a good deal on a website I was looking at - I can see why now! The hotel reception looks lovely - but it is misleading - the whole place needs updating and sprousing up. The staff were miserable and you think these are the people who are going to be making your stay enjoyable for the next few nights! As with the other review, I took one look at the room and wanted to run and hide - through the winding corridors, and the 15 minutes it took to find the room (walk don't trust the lifts!), it was defintly not worth the wait. The room (supposed to be a double but was a twin) was very dated, the walls were damp with the wall paper peeling. The door to the bathroom was at a slant and smaller than my hips so I had to go in sideways…",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or660-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Hmmmm, would ""hideous"" be too complimentary a word?","I don't know where to begin.  It was just incredibly awful.    The staff is not helpful at all, and when they do give information, either about the hotel or London, they were ALWAYS wrong.  When we told them about the numerous problems in the bathroom, including a cracked cup, we were emphatically told that the water was undrinkable-- after we'd been drinking it because there was no sign to the contrary.  Oh, but we certainly could buy bottled water from them!  We ended up trying 3 rooms before finding one that was acceptable-- and our version of  ""acceptable"" became very modest, indeed, by the 3rd room change.  The first 2 were in the basement, and then someone at the front desk told us that they ""usually"" don't put anyone in those rooms.  There were wires held together by…",Date of stay: September 2006,1.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or660-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Too much adventure,"I booked a single room for 6 nights.  I checked in and went to my room to relax for a little while.  The room had a double deadbolt type lock which required a key to lock and unlock the door from inside or out.    After an hour or two, I went to leave and realized that the lock did not work from the inside.  Therefore, I was trapped.  I tried to call the front desk, but the phone was not even wired-in to the jack.  I had to yell out the window to get a person's attention, not easy to do, and have them come to the hotel to have maintenance sent up.    Maintenance got me out and told me that that room was not supposed to have been assigned.  I eventually went through six different singles on the second floor because of more minor issues before I found one that was acceptable, but…",Date of stay: September 2004,1.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or660-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Just awful,"I booked this hotel for three nights but it was so awful that I couldn't stay at this place and had to look for another hotel. The room was very small, dirty, shabby and smelly. I really didn't want to sleep there neither unpack my suitcase. The staff was very unfriedly and they couldn't even correctly speak english. So if you want to have a nice trip to London avoid this place! ",None,1.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or660-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Absolutely  unacceptable  for  London, for  Europe  2006!!!","I  am  Greek  and  I  arrived  at  Pembridge  Palace  with  my  son  on  first  July  after  a  week  of  holidays  spent  in  Paris. I  shall  just  describe  you  my  son's  reaction  as  soon  as  he  entered  the  room (he  entered  first  unfortunately) : he  opened  the  door  and  rushed  out  shouting  ""I  am  not  staying  in  this  hole"". And  it  was  a  hole : I  had  to  move  out  the  furniture  in  order  to  open  our  suitcases!!! A  twin  room  in  the  size  of  our  bathroom! Next  day  morning  I  checked  out  and  we  went  to  another  hotel, not  so  much  luxurious  but  at  least  decent! It  is  the  worst  hotel  experience  I  ever  had  in  my whole  life, it  was  rather  a  hostel  experience! Stay  away!! ",Date of stay: July 2006,1.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or665-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Run AWAY from this hotel !,"Pembridge Palace was the worst hotel I have EVER stayed in. This hotel does not have one redeeming factor. The staff was rude, surly and once a bit threatening. The breakfast was horrible, it consisted of hard boiled eggs, bread and cereal. It reminded me greatly of a nursing home where you would put someone you hated. ",Date of stay: April 2005,1.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or665-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Poor value for money,"I just spent a week at the Pembridge Palace for a single room at 90 BGP a night.  Having made several prior trips to London, Paris and Munich, I know that rooms are small so this met my expectation.  Unfortunately, while the bathroom appeared to have been recently remodeled with nice tile, the sleeping area was shabby.  There were portions of wall that hadn't been painted or had been covered with unpainted patching.  Based on the soil and wear, it appeared  it hadn't been touched in several years and there was some paint on the carpet.  While the entry door locked, the auxilliary deadbolt was frozen and would not turn.  The bed was against the window which had no bars so on a hot night take care not to roll or you may drop two stories to the walk below... the size of the room…",Date of stay: June 2006,1.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or665-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",I got what I paid for,"I stayed 5 nights at this hotel. I found the property by the web and the price was right and I knew the location. I was expecting a small pokey room, but I was given a twin room on the ground floor with a lovely big window overlooking the park. The bathroom was of an older style, and apart from the shower curtain - which they changed, spotlessly clean.  The staff were mostly eastern european, and sometimes language was a problem. But no great hassle. They directed me on the tube, recommended a good laundry, and organised a taxi to Waterloo all with no bother.  In a nut shell, I got a clean hotel room - in good location - at a good price. Which is exactly what I wanted. I would probably stay there again. ",Date of stay: May 2006,3.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or665-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Decent hotel,"We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in May. Overall, there is nothing spectacular about this hotel but there is really nothing to complain about either. Our room was relatively spacious and most importantly clean. The staff were kind, friendly and very helpful.  Another salient point is that we felt safe there and this was important for us as our room had been broken into at another hotel which we had stayed in for the previous 5 nights we were in London.  We had a pleasant stay there and would definitely stay here again on our next trip to London. ",Date of stay: May 2006,3.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or665-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel good value per money. Staff awful,"We went to this hotel last 29th May 2006. I must say that I found a very cheap offer for a twin room. So, the value of the place for the little amount of money was even great. Room is ok, not too big but comfortable, toilet is ok, not too big but comfortable again, poweful shower. Decoration of room, you know, old fashioned but clean. 2 problems in one night stay: We check-in the room at 19:00, only 2 hours later somebody from reception knocked the door asking me if I have paid the room, because in his computer, the room appears as empty. I had to show my bill (as you pay always room in advance). He told me, he was going to call me again from reception to check my identity (I really don't know why...!!) Second problem, and bigger for me. Next morning, 9am I check out the room,…",Date of stay: May 2006,3.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or670-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Not great, but not bad either","I went to England (for the first time) with my step daughter on a school trip for 10 days in May (college).  If you have never travelled to Europe, it is definately an eye opener regarding culture and the way they see things over there.  I was a little shocked at first on our room as it was really small and crowded, but I was prepared also because of the other reviews I have read. 1.  Ask for extra pillows immediately.  They only provide 1 on each bed and they ran out of extra pillows on the 1st day.   2.  Take bug spray and spray yourself good before you go to bed.  We found huge spiders in our room every day.  We did not however see any bed bugs. 3.  The elevator is scary.  We were on the 4th floor and were contstantly being stuck in it.  If your not claustrophobic, you'll…",Date of stay: May 2006,2.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or670-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Pembridge palace is not so bad,i've been in pembridge palace hotel for a week. my room wasn't very big but was clean and bathroom too. the hotel is in a beautiful part of London (Bayswater) and it's near the tube stop... i think i'll come back there in a next visit of london ,Date of stay: May 2006,3.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or670-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The Pembridge Pit,"The place is a pit! Our hotel room, which was the size of a postage stamp, had dirty curtains, a broken window that was literally scotch taped back together, a shower curtain with ripped holes so that it fell from the shower curtain clips, and one could literally feel every coil in the bed. The walls may as well have been made of cardboard for all the soundproofing they provided. I was up all night listening to the people next door. I couldn't even get angry at them because it wasn't their fault the hotel's soundproofing is ridiculous. Stay here at your own risk. ",Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or670-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Most awful hotel experience,"This March, my husband and I stayed for 3 nights.  3 nights too long.  The bathrooms were dirty, shower curtain moldy, no hot water, and bed extremely uncomfortable.  That wasn't the worst of it though.  After our first night there, I woke up to find myself covered in red bumps all over my arms, ankles, neck and face.  At first I thought i got an allergic reason to something, but wasn't sure.  That night, we came back to our room, to find little bugs lerking around the headboard.  We went down to reception and they switched our room, as you could imagine we were pretty freaked out.  After doing some research we soon realized they were BED BUGS (confirmed by my dr, after arriving home).  We asked the front desk if they knew what the bugs were-said no, basically completely acting…",Date of stay: March 2006,1.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or670-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!!!,"We stayed at the Prembridge Palace Hotel for 5 nights in January.  Staff was very unfriendly and not very helpful. We had a room overlooking the street which was very loud with traffic (drag racing neighbors with loud radios on the street until 3am). Staff did nothing about complaints when this went on for 3 nights. Room was very small, beds uncomfortable, room was never cleaned execpt for picking up the towels, which had a strange smell. Shower curtain was moldy.  The faucets in the room were a joke - had to turn the sink and shower faucets around 2 time before water came out. Elevator was slow, and scary.  Would not recommend. ",Date of stay: January 2006,2.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or675-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good-not great,"This hotel was just fine for anyone who just wants to come and go as they please. I would advise people looking for a romantic break not to stay here though, as the rooms are paper thin and you can hear EVERYTHING. Rooms are tiny, but thats something to expect from all London hotels. There is no smoking in any of the rooms so if you are a smoker, you must use the smoking area beside the reception. After reading the reviews we decided to have breakfast elsewhere, so I cannot give an opinion on that.  There is no bar in this hotel, although if you feel a thirst, there are tea/coffee making facilities in the reception and bottles of water and soft drinks are sold for 1 pound at the reception. If you are looking for a direct tube in to the centre, go to Notting Hill Gate station,…",Date of stay: January 2005,3.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or675-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Palace????,"Stayed here for five nights. Okay, it isn't expensive but for this money you can find comparable hotels more in the city center. The room was small, and the bed also. It was noisy, you can hear the neighbours all the time. The staff wasn't friendly, they provided free safes, at the reception desk, but every time you need something out of your locker the staff wasn't polite and helpfull.  The're was a breakfust buffet, it was a very bad buffet, in a shabby basement with not enough space for the guests (so go for a very early breakfast) In my opinion they should stop serving breakfast, you can better eat in one of the hundred coffeebars in the morning. And last but not least: the location: the hotel is not very near a tube station. The neighbourhood is not bad but it is boring. To…",Date of stay: July 2004,2.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or675-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't do it,"The bathroom was not clean when we arrived. When we told the front desk, we were told nothing could be done about it til the following morning. The sheets also had stains on them.  However, because the stains were on the sheets, we were able to tell that over the three night stay in the hotel, the sheets were never changed.  The stains staid in the same place.  The elevator was also very scary. It was old and would jeark up and down and sometimes wouldn't move. I would not reccomend this hotel, even thought it is cheap and in a good location. ",Date of stay: August 2005,2.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or675-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for in London.,"I was in no way in love with this hotel but because it was by far the cheapest place I could find so close to everything I'll give it a good review.  Pros: Location, decent breakfast included, helpful front desk staff, lots of hot water, cheap, safe.  Cons: Clean but rather dingy rooms (could use some new carpet and painting), smelly towels (odd that i have read this in other reviews), rather noisy (paper thin walls, could hear all activities of neighbours and from the hall way), uncomfy bed.  All in all I would reccomend this place to the buget traveller who is really just looking for a bed and shower as I was.  I would stay here again. ",Date of stay: October 2005,3.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or675-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Expect a typical London hotel!,"This hotel is very average. My husband and I stayed here for a week in August and had heard previously not to expect too much from London hotels, however we were surprised with the state the hotel was in.  The lobby is quite nice with staff that do their job but don't offer any friendlyness. The lift is very old but pretty spacious compared to others i've seen, although it can be fairly tempremental and not move at all sometimes. We worked out the trick is to not push any buttons until everyone is in the lift, then it doesn't get stuck! The hallways are a good indicator of the state of the hotel; the walls are covered in scuff marks and paint is chipped off. Our suitcases only just managed to fit down the hallway, and the floors are very sqeaky. Our room was very, very small; 2…",None,2.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or680-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great Desk Staff,"Well, our the third party that we booked our hotel through never placed our reservation with the Pembridge Palace.  That being said, we flew from Cincinnati to Paris and took the train to London (all without sleep) to find ourselves with no hotel.  The man at the desk was very helpful.  He allowed us to use the phone to call the vacation planner in the states so that we could find a hotel as he was booked for the night.  We were there over an hour and he was very helpful and courteous.  Based off of the restrooms and waiting area, the hotel seemed fairly clean. ",Date of stay: June 2005,5.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or680-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Decent,"If I had read the last 2 reviews, I probably woud have gone elsewhere. But I had already booked and was on the road.  This is one of the cheapest hotels in London, even if it is more expensive than the Ramada in Wisconsin. Therefore you can't expect Egyptian cotton sheets and down duvets. It's also a European hotel, meaning it's not as big as the Ramada in Wisconsin.   That being said, I found this hotel to be reasonable. My room was clean, and freshly painted. And I didn't experience any bites. I had a bigger problem with other guests than the hotel itself. Someone kept pulling the fire alarm, and the line for breakfast didn't move because other people kept cutting in.   I probably wouldn't stay here again because I prefer the Paddington area to Bayswater, but if the location…",Date of stay: September 2005,3.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or680-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not so Good,"Stayed at this hotel for 1 night. Got to say the price was excellent at £40.00 considering the location.  Also staff helped by allowing us to check in early, this meant we did not get the room we were supposed to and got one in the basement instead.  That said the room was small but for 1 night who cares!   There was a grubby feel to the room and in the morning the bathroom and towels smelled disgusting.  The breakfast was fine.  So overall, for 1 night it was fine dont think I would stay again, but if stuck would consider it, especially at this price. ",Date of stay: September 2005,2.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or680-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Very good,"We stayed at the Pembridge Palace Hotel for 3 nights in September 2005. We had read a lot of reviews some bad and some good. We were very pleased with the quality of the room. Yes the room is small but you are only there to sleep, the service was very good and everyone was really nice. If you want to go first class this is not for you, but if you want a comfortable and clean place to rest your head at night this is the place. It is really close to the tube, close to shopping. A light breakfast is provided in the morning, it was good and sufficiant for a continental breakfast, we could even have cereal. Thank you for a very nice stay. ",None,4.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or680-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",disgusting,"the cab drivers couldnt find Hotel and when we checked in the rooms were super small the bathrooms worse, the towels stunk! we ask about them they assured us they were clean..the covers on the rock hard cheap matteress were so thin you could see through them..there were no blankets to speak of..if the room hadnt been prepaid we wouldnt have stayed the one night..It was a dive..stay anywhere but not there..beware! ",Date of stay: September 2005,1.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or685-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting Health Hazard Hotel,"In order to fully explain what happened to me during my stay at this awful hotel, I will simply insert the letter I have sent to the local health authorities, as well as attaching the photos I mention in the letter:  I stayed at the Pembridge Palace Hotel, located at 55 Prince’s Square,  London, W24PX (telephone number ------) earlier  this month, from Thursday 8th September through Monday 12th September.    Though the hotel was a bit small, and the triple room very cramped, it  seemed clean enough superficially (except perhaps the towels, which  smelled awful), but then I was to discover that there was more to the  hotel under the surface.   On the night of Saturday 10th September, I went to bed in a perfect  state of health and nothing to report in terms of dermatological…",Date of stay: September 2005,1.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or685-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money,"After reading the reiwievs on this hotel, we were VERY hesitant to stay there. At first it seemed that all the bad things said about the hotel were true, the staff that worked the desk at our arrival at the evening sunday september 3:rd  looked almost surprised to see a busload of tourists wanting to check in. But after twenty minutes we got our keys to the room and as we entered we were more than happily surprised. Yes, the rooms ARE small. Yes, the bathrooms ARE small. BUT, of all the hotels I've stayed in all over europe the CHARM was outstanding! A little balcony just outside our window overlooking a little park where birds were singing and people with a key to enter walked their dogs. My family had two room just beside eachother, so we used the balcony as a passageway…",Date of stay: September 2005,5.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or685-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent follow up care,"I stayed at the Pembridge with three traveling companions in July.  The four of us shared two rooms.  My traveling companions really liked the price.  We had just completed a ten-day stay in Ghana; the amenities of this London Hotel were a welcome sight.  The room space is very tight and we found the halls frequently noisy with conversations and slamming doors of other guests.    However. . . .  when I got to Gatwick Airport, I discovered that in my rush to get on the shuttle van, I left my mastercard at the hotel desk.  Fortunately, I had a hotel card in my purse.  A call from the airport confirmed what I feared; my charge card was left behind.  The staff member was willing to arrange to have the card mailed to me in the states.  I preferred that it be destroyed.  My request…",Date of stay: July 2005,3.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or685-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, poor rooms","The Pembridge Palace is located in Westminster near Kensington Gardens off of Bayswater Road. It has a good location for getting public transportation, and lots of shopping and eating places nearby. Rooms are very small, and not maintained too well. No air conditioning, and the surrounding area is rather noisy at night. Staff is excellent. A rather sparse but adequate breakfast (included) of cheese, boiled eggs, cereal and toast is served daily. You might be better off springing for something a little more costly in order to get a better room. ",None,2.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or685-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Misleading and A Complete Waste Of Money,"I had occasion to stay in this hotel for three nights his July. I booked the hotel based upon its desription in a popular website that caters for people looking for rooms at short notice.  Upon arrival I was almost in disbielief at what I saw. At first I wonderered if perhaps I had arrived at the wrong place. Certainly this was not a three star hotel as i understand it to be.  I found the man on the front desk (I can't name him as I can't be seen to be personally insulting anyone) rude and unpleasent. His maner and attitude to me as I checked in made me feel unwelcome and ill at ease.  Once I got to my room, I found myself to be on the ground floor backing onto the patio where guests sat outside to talk and drink etc. This ment I had to keep my curtains drawn almost all the time…",Date of stay: July 2005,1.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or690-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Just Okay...barely,"We stayed at this hotel even after the horrible reviews....and some of them are TRUE! We stayed in May 2005 for 3 nights. Our room was alright, very basic. It's what we had expected. But, the door handle to the room was almost falling off, you could actually see through to the hallway!! We didn't bother raising this issue; the staff didn't seem too friendly or professional. (I mean, when the desk clerk doesn't acknowledge your existence for 5 mins. while you're standing there, and only talks on the phone, whilst swearing, it's not too professional).  And, what do you expect from a budget hotel?? The decor IS dated, but not too bad. The only thing was the stagnant ""old"" smell in the hotel was a bit gross. The breakfast was average, but the wait staff were really great. ",Date of stay: May 2005,2.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or690-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good traveler / budget hotel,"My husband and I stayed at this hotel for five nights in June.  This was our first trip to London.  We had heard that the London hotels are small, and this is true of this hotel.  We had also read some very bad reviews of this hotel, and were quite skeptical of our stay.  When we travel, we usually stay in moderate hotels.  Therefore, we were quite pleased with this hotel.  The basic facts are that this hotel is a moderate hotel.  The rooms are small but were cleaned everyday.  The building is old and shows some signs of this age.  However, they have updated the window dressings and spreads.  The bathroom was very small but very adequate.  We did not travel to London to stay in the room.  The free breakfast was good.  I can't believe some people complain about the breakfast. …",Date of stay: June 2005,3.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or690-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Be careful!,"We went to London and were expecting to have a nice trip. I chose that hotel because I read ""The hotel overlooks the beautiful Prince's Square private garden."".   When we reached the hotel we got a room B01 - I couldn't believe that I should go to the basement. We had to  sleep in the basement and that room was awful, opposite to the lift, between a room for the staff and the breakfast room and close to a public washroom. There was a window but we could be happy to see some light.  Luckily we got another room the next day. But I would recommend to avoid booking that hotel if you don't want to ruin your trip!",Date of stay: July 2005,2.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or690-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The staff were pleasant but the hotel could use a little refurbishing.,"The room was very small and the walls hadn't seen any fresh paint in awhile.  I had to ask for clean cups for the bathroom because the one that was there had dried toothpaste in it.  I also had to ask for a clean blanket because the one on the bed had things on it that we didn't want to look too closely at!  And the very large window was so dirty that we couldn't see through it when it was closed - but it was open most of the time for air since there was no a/c and with the room being so small it was pretty stuffy.  Their website pictures must have been taken a long time ago because the hotel is far more ""worn"" than those pictures show.  Breakfast was included and consisted of the exact same thing each day, hard boiled eggs, 3-types of bread and assorted jam packets, sliced…",None,2.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or690-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",There must be better places !,"Stayed one night, glad it wasn't the two we originally planned.  Room crowded with so many beds ( that weren't needed/requested) TV very small.  Don't see why in the 21st century there is an expectation that guests will travel several corridors/floors just to get a cup of coffee - I have not experienced that in a hotel for over 20 years.  Room smelled a little stale  Breakfast was fresh and plentiful - as long as you like bread...staff were very helpful and polite ",Date of stay: June 2005,2.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or695-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel for the price,"I am glad that I didn't read the majority of these reviews before I booked my trip, or else I would have missed out on this good hotel.  We stayed for 4 days at the end of May 2005 for our first trip to London.  Our room was clean, and the staff was very nice and helpful.  The hotel is about five minutes walk to lots of shopping and restaurants on Queensway.  The Bayswater tube station is also about five minutes walk away, which can get you anywhere downtown, to the main attractions, to upper scale shopping and restaurants, and directly to Heathrow (will save a bunch on cab fare).   Although Queensway was pretty loud during the night time, the hotel was always quiet all the time.  Even though there were dozens and dozens of US university students on a class trip staying at the…",Date of stay: May 2005,4.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or695-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not great,"The room was dark, stale-smelling and untidy ( curtains hanging off rail ) and there were NO tea/coffee making facilities at all in the room despite publicity stating that ""every one of the 120 rooms has....""  The room was in the basement and had a glass door leading straight outside ( a security and privacy risk in my view )  The bed was extremely uncomfortable, the television reception was poor  Sound insulation was good, no noise from neighbours at all  The shower and toilet were efficient but there were no drinking glasses provided at all ( for such esentials as rinsing after teeth-brushing ! )    Not a totally bad experience ( I've had much worse ) but a little effort had been spared and the lack of tea/coffee facilities ( in 2005 ) was unacceptable ",Date of stay: May 2005,2.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or695-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",One only word: Terrible!,"I spent some days last summer... London is a great city, but our holidays was completely ruined by this ""3 stars hotel"" ... what a joke!!.. i will rate this hotel less than 1 star! but unfortunately is not possible on tripadvisor.  I've got problems on arrival in the evening (about 8:00 pm), they have reselled my booked room! ... and sent me for the first night to another hotel! a real 3 star hotel, absolutely better that pembridge palace hotel (it is not so difficult ... even a stable is better that this ""hotel""). Rooms was really REALLY dirty with spider nets on the corners! i've noticed also writings on windows (written with DUST!!) asking the staff to clean !! :))) something like ""please clean me"" ridiculous. Bathroom was small and dirty my girlfriend refused to take a…",Date of stay: July 2004,1.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or695-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",surprisingly pleasant,"I was very apprehensive after reading lots of negative reviews and didn't expect too much. The price was better than any other 3 star hotel and it included VAT and breakfast so we decided to chance it. The location was perfect, each day we discovered another underground station or bus nearby. It's close to the Bayswater, Queensway and Notting Hill Gate stations and a few blocks from Portobello Market, Hyde and Kensington parks. It was a fairly quiet neighborhood.  Our room was on the first floor facing the Princes Square Park and had a small balcony with windows that opened. The room was small but the high ceilings made it feel much larger and the bathroom was a nice size. Water pressure and temperature was perfect once you figured out how not to scold yourself. Breakfast…",Date of stay: April 2005,4.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or695-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great budget hotel,"I almost cancelled my reservation after reading some of the reviews for this hotel but I am glad did not. I have used budget hotels in London about ten times in the last few years and found this to be the best for the price. The hotel is in a nice quiet square, the room was modern and clean and with buffet breakfast included. If there is better value in London W2 I have yet to find it. ",Date of stay: April 2005,5.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or700-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A good review,"On reading some of the reviews of this hotel, I was genuinely worried that I was going to be staying in a dank pit where the overlord manager would sell me to slavery, not allowing me to sleep, eat properly, or, god forbid, watch television.  However, when I got there, the only problem I encountered was that I arrived to early and wasnt allowed check in for another hour. When i did check in the staff were quick AND helpful. I suppose if you are ignorant to them, they will respond in kind!  As for the room, well, it was small, but what are people expecting for what is a budget hotel. if you want a big spacious room, spend some more money please, and stop posting nonsense on the internet. The room was small, but clean. The bed was comfortable. The room was airy, but had a decent…",Date of stay: April 2005,5.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or700-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not a 3-star hotel!,"Three stars (first class) rating for this hotel is an absolute joke. We expected little from London hotels as we've been there before and have been exposed to the prices and small rooms. This ""Palace"" takes the cake, however - TINY rooms, thin walls, below-average breakfast. For the price and the rating, you would expect half-way helpful staff. Our wake-up call the day of our 7 am departure never happened - and the manager had the audacity to be indignant and get mad at us for claiming he never called (what, all three of us in this tiny room went deaf?!). The night manager could not explain how we could make an overseas phone call. He convinced us to take a 35 lb taxi ride to Heathrow when the Heathrow Express would have been half the cost - turned out to be someone's private…",Date of stay: April 2005,1.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or700-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",The most terrible hotel in my life!,"Stay away from this horrible place! i spent one week in london booking with an agency this hotel... on arrival the first surprice... overbooking! 1 night triping in london :( ... we have changed rooms about 4 times ... becouse all of them was really dirty ... lots of dust everywere... sometimes with problems with toilets... very noisy because walls are very thin ... like paper! the bed was a kind of box with a small uncomfortable net, i've never seen things like that before :((... breakfast was really poor, without choose and if you get your breakfast after 9:00 am you will not find enything to eat!!!  We payed to the agency about 50 punds x night!!!! a really theft. The only reason whe stayed here was because whe have payed in advance. Never again... EVEN FOR FREE!. ",Date of stay: January 2005,1.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or700-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great Staff,"For the price it was excellent.  We had a great time, staff was very nice very helpful, willing to go the extra mile, the rooms were clean, not fancy, but very nice.  Nice breakfast buffet, and we can not say enough nice things about the hotel.  It was in a nice safe area, we walked back at 1:30AM from the train station and never once felt afraid.  It is about 3 1/2 blocks from the train station and had the best bakery in the world about 1 1/2 blocks away.  I can not believe anyone giving this hotel a negative review.  It was clean, well worth the money and would stay there again. ",Date of stay: March 2005,5.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or700-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay in late Feb.05,"I have stayed in many a hotels in London before, and this, I think, was of the better. Yes, the rooms were tiny, but that's the same at most of these tourist hotels, and you usually don't spend too much time in the room anyways. Another minus was the fire alarm. There's no smoking in all rooms, so when people tried to light a cigarette dispite the rules, the alarm went off in the entire hotel. The staff just turned it off. In the end, I think this is a fire hazard in itself, because guests stop responding to the alarm. We just sit and wait for the staff to turn it off. Not good in case of a real fire. But the room was tidy and clean, had ovens which we could adjust ourselves, had a tv with five channels (though reception was so-so). The staff was kind enough. Breakfast was good.…",None,4.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or705-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Good accomadation in a cheap price,I stayed at the hotel for four nights during Christmas and found it very feasible. The location is right in the heart of london with all the food and shops very near by. I do not understand why users are complaining about the staff; to me they were more than helpful. They allowed me an early check in and luggage leaving facility (after checkout) was also provided.        The breakfast and its hours were very suitable too. The only thing which I found a bit below expectations was the size of the room;but  that was very understandable keeping in mind the accomadation prices in london ,Date of stay: January 2005,4.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or705-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Quite OK,"We've stayed in this hotel for 4 days last November, and after reading all the reviews, I was really afraid of what we'd experience. But it was totally OK. We've stayed in the triple room on the 4th flour, northern side overlooking the street. The room was indeed small, but this is a very well known fact for most of low budget (and even not so low budget) hotels in London.   The heating worked fine, the noise was not unbearable (the only annoying thing was that our room was just next to the swinging door in the hall and each person passing them made quite a loud BANG!).   The sheets were stained a bit but they were fresh. The towels seemed to be clean but they did have a smell, as if they were stacked in a very damp place. I always use my own towels, so it didn't bother me that…",Date of stay: November 2004,3.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or705-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible would be an understatement!,"This was THE worst hotel I have ever stayed in!  Their website says that they have recently renovated; but I just stayed there in Feb. of 2005 and there is nothing newly renovated in the place!  The rooms are so tiny that you can barely move, the furniture looks like it was purchased at a garage sale 20 years ago, and (worst of all) the bed linens were filthy.  We stayed there on two differnt occasions because it was a layover both coming and going to our final destination, but if we hadn't already reserved the room ahead of time I would have never stayed a second time.  In both rooms the bed spreads we covered in stains and holes.  The worst was in the second room where there appeared to be a large blood stain.  Don't get me wrong, I wasn't expecting the Four Seasons (I have…",None,1.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or705-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",nothing special yet not too bad!,"i've stayed in this hotel a week ago with my friends. the room provided, a triple, could barely fit the 3 of us and our bags. the room was warm and clean and so was the bathroom. the sheets and the towels were stained but they were definitely fresh, they smelt. the breakfast was basic yet good.the location is amazing! the hotel is 5 mins away from the subway (bayswater) and the area is nice and quiet. the only thing i would complain of was the staff. some of the ppl were nice but smiling seemed to be a big issue for them! and i know what i'm talking about as i'm a receptionist as well!! i think i might stay again in this hotel.  if you are looking for the perfect accomodation this is not the place to be! but if you are looking for a cheap solution in a nice area i think this…",None,2.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or705-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",an open mind wouldnt make this any better...,"this may be long-winded, but please take time to read this if you are ever going to visit this hotel.  after our travel company overbooked, we were forced to stay at this hotel against our choice. Immediately I checked upon this site and I was shocked and appalled by the reviews.  the best I could do was to go with an open mind, and i was still constantly disappointed. It took stepovers to reach the hotel on the tube (much more inconvenient that you might think) and even then it was quite a walk to the nearest station.   upon arrival we were largely ignored by the staff, who infuriatingly simply stood and stared at us. after 45 minutes we had checked in, and our party were inexplicably spread across three floors (6 people for 3 rooms).  The rooms were far smaller than I could…",None,1.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or710-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",don't,"Although we're quite easy going about hotels, this wasn't what you should expect from a three star hotel! It wasn't clean, the bed was awful (even for England). It was noisy. The breakfast buffet didn't look like a buffet and they'd better can't serve breakfast anymore! The location isn't so good too. It's quite a walk to the tube, and to get into the center of the city you must step over on tube. So, I would say: don't go there! ",None,1.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or710-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Just horrible,"We had room 218, which seemed to be as terrible as all the rest : a big hole in the ceiling of the bathroom, broken tiles, no soap etc.  We had hot water (I guess we were really lucky !), but the hot water came from the bath, the cold water from the shower.  and ... I didn't had enough power to open the water providers.  the lavabo was stuck and dirty water stayed in for a few minutes. And the towels, I think some of them were not washed at all because they had a terrible smell. We had a sattelite TV (hahaha) with 3 chanels (if you could see something) and no remote control.  When I went down to ask for the coffee and tea making facilities (it wasn't in the room, but on the door there was a message mentioning you could ring and ask for it) they said they couldn't provide it but…",Date of stay: December 2004,1.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or710-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Palace...I don't think so!,"We arrived at the Pembridge to check in to our already paid for room for 3 nights. Upon our arrival, we were dissolutioned at the prospect of being ""shoved"" into the basement of this establishment, considering we'd booked 4 weeks in advance. As we tried to find our way to the room, we had to by-pass a couple of cigarette smokers in the fire exit, who actually worked there. Upon entering the room, the door lock & handle was actually falling off and you could see inside the room from the hole it created. We nearly tripped over the bed as you opened the door, there was a TV that had a coathanger for an arial which no channels had worked anyway, and a window looking into the fire exit where we previously passed the smokers. I asked the manager for a room, of a different nature, one…",None,1.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or710-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Where did the three stars come from?,"I stayed here in June 2004 and while I didn't have the awful time some people did, there were just too many individual faults. The reception desk was poorly organised. The en-suite facilities were actually across the stairs, but at least I had my own key to them. This made very little difference as the lock didn't work anyway. The room was on the small side, which I expected, but it had the uneasy feeling of having been recently converted from a store cupboard. The phone in my room didn't work, but I did have satellite television, where 'satellite' is a euphemism for three channels tuned in very badly. Ample entertainment was thus provided by lying on my bed and looking at the fitting where the smoke alarm should have been (which I'm fairly sure is illegal - absence of alarm,…",None,2.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or710-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Need water please!!!,"Some of the persons who went to this hotel had  bad experiences with water, We are in this too! In our case there were no water to take a shower for 3 hours on saturday morning. But  let me eget back to the begining of our marvelous adventure in the Pembridge ""Palace"". We are a young couple (less than 30 years old) who came in London for the Carnival week-end last August. We are quite easy-going regarding comfort, we just needed a clean bedroom to sleep. That's why we accepted without any objections to take a double room with tiny twin beds although we had booked a double bed. The reception guy promised that it was only for 1 night. Our bedroom was very loud but not so dirty, we had no remote for TV and no ceiling light. But for us it was OK, it wasn't a big deal. We became very…",None,1.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or715-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Second worst hotel I have ever stayed in...,"Including ""palace"" in the name of this hotel is an offence against the english language.   After a five minute struggle with a fussy defective lock, I discovered that my tiny single room contained a flickering light and flickering TV.   The promised ensuite facilities were down the hall.  The hallway itself was obstucted by a garbage can full of dirty towels.  More of the same were strewn all over the floorway and my room door was partially blocked by a mattress propped up against the wall.   The mattress in the room was so uncomfortable that I actually entertained the notion of recovering the one from the hallway.....simply awful hotel.  Oh,  I almost forgot to mention that the shower pipe separated when I turned it on, soaking the entire bathroom, including all my clothes. ",Date of stay: August 2004,1.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or715-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Some Palace. Avoid the Pembridge Dump!,"Horrible place. Hostile and unhelpful staff. Terribly, terribly overpriced (I booked through Expedia and actually spent more for a night in this hotel than I did when I got a room at NY's Waldorf Astoria last summer.)  Advertised through Expedia as being in South Kensington, I was surprised to find it in Bayswater--the Queensway on a hot Saturday night was swarming and noisy. My two daughters and I found the hotel and were given a cramped, dusty room on the first floor with a window easily accesible from the street.  We had a creepy after-dark walk to pick up some groceries; when we got back I asked for another room. No better, but at least it was on the second floor so we could leave the window open (I was afraid to draw the curtains shut at night for fear of falling bugs.) We…",None,1.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or715-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Not very child friendly,"Chose this hotel as it had a patio area for our children to play in but it was filthy and not very child friendly as it had 6ft drop into the basement only protencted by a small fence.  It was not cleaned during our trip and had left over food and drink cups everywhere.  We also had problems at checkin with us only being given one or our two rooms at 2pm.  We returned at 5pm to find the room with our bags had been given to someone else and the cot that had been ordered had still not arrived.  On return at 9pm still no cot and the alternative offered was a camp bed.  The room was clean and one was an ok size, shower was tiny but good pressure and temperature.  Breakfast was a shambles, too many people not enough room.  It was ok for one night but not with children.  Staff not…",None,2.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or715-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",not bad,"I stayed in this hotel twice, november 2002 and november 2003. This year for the third time. I agree the rooms are small, but comfortable.  Breakfast was allright, toast as much as you like, cornflakes, hard boiled egg, cheese, jam and marmelade. Coffee, tea, milk and orange juice to start the day with, what more does a man wants. Reasonable hotel for a reasonable price. ",None,3.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or715-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","AVOID THIS ""PALACE""","AWFUL hotel. Rooms are tiny, and VERY loud. The people above you will sound like elephants because of the creaky floors. Walls are thin and you can hear every conversation in the hallway. Staff is unfriendly and unhelpful.  Breakfast is sparse and the milk is WARM. Shower problem took 2 days to get fixed. TV set gets 10 channels on the small 12 inch screen but only 3 or 4 come in clearly. Dirty towels are left stacked in the hallway for hours after the rooms are cleaned. This place is a dump. Avoid it. ",None,1.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or720-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Do Not Stay Here!,"Horrible, horrible, horrible.  Do not stay here unless there are no other rooms available in all of London.  This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in my whole life.  We weren't expecting much because we realized we were getting a pretty good deal for expensive London, but this was just the bottom of the barrel.  The woman at the front during the day was the most unpleasant and unhelpful staff person we experienced our whole time in Europe.    We arrived at 1:00 p.m.which was the stated check in time on our documentation and they refused to let us check in until 2:00 p.m.  Then they gave us what had to be the tiniest room in all of London which our one suitcase barely fit in.  Their idea of a bed was a full sized mattress on top of a queen sized box spring!  We were able to…",Date of stay: June 2004,1.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or720-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Didn't expect much...got even less,"I read all the reviews of Pembridge Palace Hotel before going to London. I was looking for something inexpensive, and I understood from all the 3 star hotel reviews not to expect service and accomodations in London that could even compare with a hotel 8 in the USA. I packed ear plugs, my own soap, and my own alarm clock in order to be prepared.  This was a good idea. When I first arrived, they had no record at all of my reservations, even though I had copied the confirmation of my reservations from the internet. They did find a room for me, but I wonder if this was their way of making sure I was satisfied with my room...after all, it WAS a room.  My room at the Pembridge Palace hotel was a basic single, and the size and facilities were what I had expected. However, there were…",None,1.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or720-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","Understaffed, misrepresented","We prepaid rooms before and after our trip to Germany, so we experienced 3 different rooms at the Pembridge Palace for 3-4 days each. We saw good and bad points: GOOD: (1) Complimentary continental breakfast was nice. We bought fruit at nearby groceries to supplement hard boiled eggs, cereal, breads, coffee, juices, & tea. (2) Mix of nationalities staying there made our visit fun. We chatted with lots of people from lots of countries. (3) Good location--neighborhood has lots of restaurants and is close to public transportation. BAD: (1) Hotel is understaffed, leading to problems:  Some rooms don't get cleaned until late afternoon, so people can't check in at check-in time.  Cleaning is inadequate (some disgusting things in one room when we checked in, moldy shower curtains,…",Date of stay: January 2005,2.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or720-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Don't be fooled!,"OK, so I thought I had got myself a bargain from Last Minute but I was wrong, it was more like bargain basement!  The first room they tried to give us was in the basement and was missing a door handle and cardkey lock, the hole was ineptly covered with a finger plate and a new key lock fitted above.  We about tripped over the bed upon entering the room and it was still unmade from the previous occupants.  We asked for another room which was better but still poor, write ups for the hotel stated that it had been recently refurbished - not this room!  The girl on reception was as useful as a chocolate teaspoon and to top it all in the morning halfway through washing my hair the water was turned off on the block for at least an hour. Oh, and they still haven't fixed that toaster.…",None,1.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or720-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",A review from a trip advisor user,"I was very surprised by the bad reviews. I have stayed at many hotels in London and this one  the best for the price. London accomodations are known to be small and expensive. The rooms in this hotel are small, but I was pleasantly surprised with the size of the bathroom  (the nice bathub) , large windowns and the nice location, overlooking Princes Square. The hot breakfast is not tasty, but the toast, cereal and tea is decent- and most hotels usually don't even offer more than that. This is by far one of the nicest hotels for the price that I have stayed at in London- believe me, there are A LOT worse out there.  ",None,4.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or725-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",DOn't stay here!," This hotel is  NOTHING at all like the photos. In fact I have a photo I would love to upload of  the 3-4 old washing machines piled up outside our daughters window at the hotel. We booked 2 rooms for 4 nights. We arrived at 5pm but couldn't get into our room until 8pm. One of the rooms had dirty sheets but they gave us clean ones that we put on ourselves. The sheet on my bed had a burn hole and though they said they changed the sheets daily... that sheet remained on my bed! The dinning room was cramped and one of the toasters did not work. LOW quaility all the way around with cheap sandwich bread  being the mainstay. We stayed out all day, just to NOT have to be in the room. The staff lied to us continually. After reading the reveiws ( so sorry I did not read it before I…",None,1.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or725-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",great hotel in a great area!!,"Me and a friend spend 3 nights in this hotel 12/15 december 2003. I've been to a budget London hotel before so we knew what to expect. After a long search on the net I found this hotel to be providing the most for the smallest price. And I really don't understand why people complain so much about this hotel. maybe we were lucky, I don't know. The lobby looks great, the room was small, but this is common in London. the bathroom had a huge bathtub that made me scream out loud! this was why I choose this hotel! our room was on the side of the street but it was ever so quite. it was december but for some reason we had to open up the window 24/7 cause it was very warm. which was good, cause i was afraid it would be freezing. the breakfast was everything but tasty I have to admit, but…",Date of stay: December 2003,4.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or725-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",What a let down....,"If looking for a decent place to stay, try somewhere else. My wife and I stayed here on our 10-year anniversary trip based on a recommendation from hotels.com. There is no way this could be considered a 3-star hotel. The first room we were in overlooked the outside patio with broken chairs/tables. This was a drop off point for trash and other debris. It looked nothing like the picture on the internet. Our extremely tiny room could be easily accessed from the window that opened to the outside balcony since there was no lock and the balcony ran the length of the hotel. Three of the seven mornings there was no hot water. You may want to bring an alarm clock. There are none provided and two of the mornings we did not receive the wake-up calls we requested. The furniture and bedding…",None,1.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or725-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",1 star rating at best,Very small rooms we stayed in a triple and could not unpack our clothes. Staff was far from helpful answering questions. 5 channels on the 12 in. TV. no soap or shampoo in rooms. no clocks in room.  1 internet computer in lobby. if your looking for a 1 star hotel very nice if you would like soap go some where else,None,2.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or725-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Room for improvement,"The rooms here are typical cheap London - small. The room and bath were kept clean. We had four bags, 2 large, 2 small, and it took a bit of creativity but we fitted them all in. You don't go to London to spend time in your hotel room. There was certainly more than one channel on the tv, which did have some quirks but was certainly adequate.  Our biggest complaints were:  1. The lack of variety in the complimentary continental breakfast: toast, cereal, hard-boiled eggs and cheese gets tedious over 9 days.  Fruit, muffins, bagels, etc. could be added without much additional effort.  2. Noise; not from outside, but inside the hotel. The rooms are far from soundproof. Perhaps because we live outside the city at home we are overly sensitive, but everytime the people in the room…",None,2.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or730-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Really quite a nice hotel.,"Despite the many bad reviews, I booked here for four days in the beginning of March, 04. I arrived early in the morning and was able to leave my bag in the lobby. When I checked in that afternoon, I found my room, a standard single, to be quite comfortable. There was room for my bags, lamps, even a small desk and end table. The windows open, and onto a nice view of the street. The bathroom and shower were great. My room was right next to the elevator, so there was a bit of noise at times, but nothing that was out of line with having other people living in close proximity. On a final note, the staff was QUITE friendly, I can't imagine why anyone would think they're impolite towards Americans. I will stay there again if I'm looking for a decent hotel at a budget price.",None,3.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or730-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London","terrible, bad experience","We booked a room in this hotel online through trip advisor in October 2003 for $100. What a huge mistake we made. The pictures in the website are kind of deceiving. It looks newly remodel. However when we got there, it's another story. Staff were slowing, non-responsive. When we asked them a little thing, they have to run around to find someone who can answer it. They ran to inside office back and forth to get the reservation file. Let's talk about the room. For a $100 they gave us a small tiny smelly room in the basement. The door lock was broken and they simply put up a cheap loose lock on it. Outside the window was all trash. They should be ashamed that they have such kind of rooms there.  After we argued for 30 minutes with them for another room, they said all other rooms…",None,1.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or730-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",not pleased,"Was not happy with service,found staff rude because I was American did not feel welcome would never stay there again",None,1.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or730-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Found No problems,"I stayed at the Pembridge for a week. The rooms were small (typical London). Only a few channels available on the TV and the breakfast was typical London food.  Those are the negatives other than that it was well priced, clean, great location, friendly staff. I really don't understand all the negative comments made by some travellers for this hotel and most other London budget hotels. Hotels are expensive in London. If you want to stay in a 5 star Hotel then you most likely won't have any problems, otherwise be prepared for small rooms, noise, etc.  When I go to London I only sleep in the room. The reast of the time I am out doing things and I would much rather do that then spend money on expensive hotels.",None,4.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or730-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Too small for us,"We stayed for three nights out of the six we had originally booked. The room with two twin beds and a small bath was very clean, but the bedroom part measured no more than 9' by 9'. There was a fire door in the hall outside the room; people let it slam closed at all hours of the night and held loud conversations in the halls as well. There was no place to put luggage, and only a small closet for clothing. The TV, advertised as cable, received one channel and was a 12"" set. The continental breakfast was kind of sparse. Since I had paid for the six nights on arrival, it took me almost a month, numerous emails to the hotel, and a couple of phone calls to get a credit back to my credit card for the three nights we didn't use. The Bayswater area is full of good ethnic restaurants and…",None,2.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or735-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Best budget hotel ever,"I'm not sure about the timing of the other reviews. I've just been there in October 2003 and it was a memorable experience. The poshy lobby hits you in the face as soon as you walk in. The service received from the staff at reception was always impeccable.  The rooms were also quite stunning. We had a triple room at Ground Floor. It was very comfortable and clean - in fact, it looked practically new. Breakfast was also plentiful, even if continental.  If I may add a slight comment - I think if the housekeeping kept an eye out for little details, they would leave a much better impression. For example, part of the toilet cover in our room was broken. Mind you, everything was spick and span, but in such a beautiful place, these little things tend to stare out.  In any case, we…",None,5.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or735-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Hated it.,"I was traveling to London alone and booked this hotel through Expedia.  This hotel was terrible. It was very damp and the walls covered with mildew. The bathroom was not in the room but rather down in the basement. The wallpaper was falling off the walls. The room was the size of a closet. Terrible experience. They refused to give me a different room and told me I would get a refund for my last night so I switched hotels. After I get back to the states they refuse to give me my money!! Terrible experience, they ruined my trip to London.",None,1.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d193166-Reviews-or735-Pembridge_Palace_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Pembridge Palace Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay in the family rooms,"The rooms sold as family rooms (or Quad rooms) are in the basement of the hotel and are smelly damp and dirty. Imagine our horror to take our 2 young children into a bedroom with mouldy wallpaper falling off the walls and ceiling. We complained and after the 1st night were moved to 2 twin rooms. These rooms were completely different - clean and well decorated if somewhat ""used"". The staff were very helpful and sympathetic when we complained but due to being fully booked could not move us immediately. All in all a good budget accommodation BUT do not book a Quad room.",None,2.0
