,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or0-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs,"Staff very friendly, nothing was too much trouble, all are needs were met straight away. Breakfast was made fresh and we ordered what we wanted. Tesco right next door. Britain’s biggest bingo hall very close !",Date of stay: May 2021,5.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or0-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",No heating and the place reeks of cigarette smoke,"PSA for people in London: Don't stay at Cricklewood Lodge Hotel! My mom booked into Cricklewood Lodge Hotel and checked in. She is staying there for a couple of hours and catching a flight at an odd time. When I went to drop her we realised there was an issue with heating.  We then decided to quickly head to the reception to inform the manager. Nobody there. We ring the bell, nobody comes. We wait and I start to call the phone, it just rings, but I can hear it not too far away... Its not in the office. After some time the manager rocks up and makes a joke about him just eating. I say ok, but there should be someone there or we should be able to reach someone in case there is an issue because we have been waiting for assistance for  close to 15 minutes. We then tell him  about the heating issue and he says he will get the maintenance guy to fix it and the person should be here within the hour. I leave thinking this will be sorted. An hour has passed. My mom has had to go to the reception. Call and wait. A lady I  found there earlier who seems to run things claims not to understand, claims the rooms are full and then finally decided it's time to call the manager. She calls a million times and my mom finally gets to speak to the manager. This whole time I wasn't getting through either. When my mom speaks to the manager, he hears her bring up the heatimg issue then says she needs to wait for the maintenance guy. He said the same thing over an hour ago. He does not offer her another room or make an alternative arrangement. Instead he says that she can shower cos there is hot water. When my mom asks if this is the norm in terms of how paying customers are treated, he hangs up the phone in her ear. She is staying in a room with no heating for a few hours so that she can head to the airport. It's cold and probably nothing will be done. Please don't stay here if you can dodge it... not even for a few hours. It is not worth it, at all.…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or0-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Good Value,"Nice room pleasant staff no problems parking was easy. Coffee maker in room, food basic but very nice would stay again if ever that way. Handy for the cemetary which it seems is the only time up this way for funerals",Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or0-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Nice room and amazing host!,"Went with a friend of mine and we got a nice clean room. The staff was very helpful and sweet. Especially the host was amazing! Hotel was close to the tube and busses. It was also at waking distance to Nandos which is, ofcourse, very important.",Date of stay: August 2019,5.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or0-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"I chose this hotel for its location when visiting my son. It is very good for the tube, buses, restaurants and shops. But it was poor value for money at £75 per night for one person. The main problem was there was no heating in my room. When I told them at reception at about 5.30 on the first evening I was told it took time to reach the top of the building - I was on the second floor. But it didn't come on during that evening, or the next morning when I reported it again, or at all during my three night stay. And there was no-one at reception to speak to, or any visible bell to ring for attention.   Other negatives - some curtain rings missing so the curtains dangled; cups and spoons not washed and coffee sachets not replenished on one occasion. (I went across the road to buy a jar of coffee one evening.)  Positives - comfy bed and good wi-fi. En suite fine, although the sink water didn't run away properly unless you pumped the plunger/stopper a few times.  So, OK if you just want somewhere to sleep, but there is the Travelodge up the road.....…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or5-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Most accommodating host ever; roof terrace,"Myself and a group of friends stayed here for a few nights in summer - the host Sean couldn't have been more accommodating. He was helpful from the booking to the stay itself - all the staff were lovely. We had access to a roof terrace which was amazing. Great location, right near shops and pubs and public transport. Perfect for Wembley shows.",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or5-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend stay ,"Had to pay for parking, room was tiny uncomfortable pillows, dead insects on floor. woken at 07:00 as was a delivery, police belting up n down all Night with their sirens on. Terrible sleep   I’ve been ill since I woke up the first night, didn’t bother staying next night",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or5-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Liars and Cheats - Avoid at all costs!,"I had pre-booked and fully paid for a 2 night stay though ebookers, only to be told on arrival that I still had to pay more which I foolishly did as I was desperate to be into room.  I then contacted eBookers who spoke with the hotel and both assured me that the extra charge was wrong and would be refunded, I only needed to wait until the next day for someone to process the refund for me.  The next day, I was told someone else needed to do it, and I should try later when they're back.  Spoke with the new person, they too were incompetent and would have to wait for the manager to return who could refund the money.  Finally got through to the 'manager' who just lied and stalled. They lied outright to me and mostly just refused to answer phone calls and have point-blank refused to…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or5-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",A Reasonably Priced and Comfortable Hotel!!,"Stayed in a single room for 3 nights (4/7/19-7/7/19). Staff was really hospitable, friendly and helpful! Room was quite clean and the Wifi worked quite well! It is around 10 to 15mins walk to the nearest tube station Kilburn (note that this involves walking an uphill and then a downhill).  Do remember to pack your own soap if you are intending to stay here, and listen properly to the staff on how to unlock the front door (there is quite a weird method of pressing the door handle then/while turning the key in some funny direction) - you don't want to be locked outside when you return late to the hotel (sometimes there may not be any staff at the reception desk to help you out)!  Nonetheless, this is a very good option that is value-for-money if you are intending to just find a…",Date of stay: July 2019,4.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or5-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Bring your own soap,"The reception area was so drab that I almost had second thoughts about staying in this hotel. And before I knew it, the lady in the reception had photocopied my passport (which I honestly thought was an obsolete process in the hotel industry nowadays - a questionable one, too). The room, however, was not bad, more spacious than I had expected and quite clean (a constant smell of stale cigarette smoke was a tad unpleasant, though). But there was no hand towel, and no soap of any kind. So you'd better bring your own, because more often than not there is no one in the reception to help you. The location was good for my purpose (a concert at Wembley Stadium) and the price was fair. And the free wifi was quite good. So, all in all, a fair deal. No breakfast available, but there is a…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or10-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Oh Dear,"A questionable check-in experience, having struggled up a steep stone stairway (no signage regarding alternative access) to a locked front door.   The (friendly) welcome from behind a security screen at reception didn't inspire confidence...nor the loud announcement of my room number and location in the presence of others to a woman travelling alone.   Room: modest size, considering its TWO ENORMOUS PICTURE WINDOWS...which, at only just above street level,  would have been delightful if they had been dressed with some net curtains.  Bathroom involved some thought before managing to access the loo: worked this out at the third attempt (involved a couple of cupboard doors and a sashay-movement if you'll excuse the pun)......best not enlarged upon here.   Overall, if you want the…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or10-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Good deal,Stayed in a single room for 3 nights. Room was small but not cramped. Toilet and shower were clean. It’s a 10 minute walk from the tube. Overall a good deal if all you need is somewhere to lay your head.,Date of stay: June 2019,4.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or10-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London","Clean, but small room","I booked a single room for two nights. Everything was ok, the staff was polite and helpful, the room, and toilet, was clean. The only problem, room and toilet was small. It has a double bed so the remaining space was small, also the toilet was small. There was no a/c in the room so in summer it will be hot.",Date of stay: April 2019,3.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or10-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",to forget," four people left out for one night because they arrived late. no one cared if they spoke English, if they knew London, they knew where to go, if they were okay, etc. the only thing they could say was sorry check in was until 11",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or10-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Booking Cancelled for no reasons,"At the end of November I made a reservation for 3 people.I received an email saying that my booking is confirmed. A week later, while we were at the airport, waiting to board I received an email saying that my reservation was cancelled and that ""you don't need to take any further action"" (!!!!), but if I have any queries I can call the property. I called at least 10 times, NOBODY  answered, I sent two emails, but I haven't received a reply ""YET"" and when a friend from London called they answered in a second. They said my card was invalid and they didn't have any other free rooms. On the day we left I bought the National Express tickets by card, and my card was alright.  I felt discriminated because they didn't answer my phone or my emails, but they answered a phone call from…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or15-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Great value for money.,"Clean, cozy room, nicely furnished and decorated. Comfortable beds. Helpful crew. The combo booking.com+paypal made a mess: Stuart, the manager, didn't receive the money from them, so I had to pay a second time directly to him. But he was kind enough to keep the room despite that, to explain the situation to me and to help me with the refund from booking. Definitely recommend.  Really not much to complain about. At some point I had some noisy neighbours at late night, but I guess this depends on people being impolite, rather than on the structure itself.",Date of stay: November 2018,4.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or15-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Super Hotel,"We was helped out by this establishment after being let down by the windmill hotel nearby , excellent service by manager and we will be using this hotel again , rooms clean , tea and coffee , very nice not the usual cheaper brands but select .",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or15-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Okay place to stay. Standard according to price,good location with shops and eateries and the tube nearby. You get what you pay for and the place is good and clean. Okay for a short stay in that area. I would comeback and recommend to friends and colleagues.,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or15-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Okay Couple of Nights,"Stayed here for a couple of nights to attend an event at the Excel Centre. Hotel was about 45 minutes away by tube but was the only affordable hotel in the area for that particular weekend.  Got off to a good start, hotel was a decent price, guy on reception was really friendly when I arrived and the room was larger and looked nicer than I had expected. The surrounding area felt safe – about ten minute walk away from tube station and two minutes up the road was a Wetherspoons so decent area.  There were a couple of issues though, the main one being that the main light in my room didn’t work. To be 100% fair to the hotel I chose not to report this because I didn’t want to cause a nuisance and I just wanted to settle into the room so I made do with the one working bed light and…",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or15-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Cricklewood lodge,Room clean and tidy bedding and towels also clean had the family room on the first floor room 1 two showers and two double beds TVs also kettle and tea coffee and biscuits in the room not far from railway station after reading reviews was pleasantly surprised with the room I was in man on reception very helpful,Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or20-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Great value,On a busy Broadway convenient to lots of small shops and a good Wetherspoons. Lovely clean room and modern ensuite.You can book in until 11pm at night. The best value for money in this part of London. The best Wi-fi of any hotel anywhere ! ,Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or20-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",A Complete Disappointment ,"First of all, when we walked in and throughout our stay we found clumps of hair on the floor as seen in the pictures. We  arrived during the extreme heat which is completely out of the Cricklewood’s Control, but they offered no fans or anything and we were on the third floor. Our room was almost 90 degrees when we checked in to the place. When we checked in and checked out was the only time the front desk was available. The shower was extremely small. I’m 5 feet and 7 inches tall and weigh 127 pounds. Every time I’d move I’d turn the water off or to hot or cold. It also took approximately 5 minutes every morning to get any hot water. Our last night we had no internet. We tried calling as that was a necessity for our family to stay in contact with family and plan the next day.…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or20-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best,"When checking in, the guy on reception was extremely helpful, and a lovely guy to chat to too! The room itself was the only downside to this hotel! Looking past the dated decor, it still needs a makeover! Parts of the carpet are worn down, head board falling off (wouldn’t like to think why), lack of black out curtains waking me up at an ungodly hour! Upon closer inspection, I found around the skirting boards hadn’t been cleaned thoroughly in quite some time, leaving a build up of dust... and a previous guests finger nail clipping!  This hotel is in fantastic location for Wembley Stadium, however is on a busy road, with lots of traffic, causing noise through the night (which is of course no ones fault). Me and my sister in law came to see Taylor Swift, and found it was a 10…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or20-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect for a short stay when on business,"This place, albeit slightly dated, it’s perfectly clean and the bathrooms are modern and with good showers. Nothing is worse than having a shower that is rubbish and barely runs!   The lodge vibe is very much present throughout, but I quite liked it. The only downer is there is a distinct scent around the corridors that I can’t quite put my finger on, but nothing that would put me off going back.  Definitely a good business trip hotel, especially if you can get a good deal on the cost.",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or20-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Decent base for Wembley,"We booked one night as a cheap hotel near Wembley. As we really needed very little from it, it didn't disappoint.  Wembley is a 15 minute walk to Kilburn tube station then 4 stops north on the Jubilee line and another 15 minute walk from Wembley Park tube station.  Rooms were basic but clean. We booked the family room on the ground floor and had the penthouse suite room 29. I assume this was the penthouse as it came with a balcony which came in very handy for pre show and post show drinks.  Couldn't get any hot water from the shower late afternoon but it was fine the following morning. Plenty of tea, coffee and biscuits. TV on the wall and a decent night's sleep.  Very happy for the price. ",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or25-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Nice little place,"My husband, best mate and her husband stayed in this hotel whilst we were at a concert in Wembley. Although our room was a little dated, it was clean and tidy and the bed was super comfy. I would deffo stay again next time I am in London x",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or25-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Short stay,"A very friendly, comfortable + clean hotel, staff could not have been any more helpful, great location within walking distance to both train station and tube station, lots of restaurant and shop's within walking distance",Date of stay: June 2018,4.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or25-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Ariel,"The staff was nice and the room was cheap- but the room was very small, and very cold too. The bathroom was freezing and the water was cold. The bed was comfy and there was a flat tv, and a pretty view of a snowy road in london",Date of stay: March 2018,3.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or25-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended at all.,"If I could I would give this hotel no stars. I am very dissapointed in the way I was treated at this hotel. My friend made a booking here to stay for 10 days and after he had travelled on the plane for 6 hours and from the airport to the ""hotel"" for one and a half hours, we finally arrived. we were waiting outside for 10 minutes trying to open the door, we were pressing the buzzer. the door wouldn't open as it was very stiff so we thought it was closed because the check in is at 2pm and we arrived 1:40pm. I called the hotel to check and Sean the supervisor at the hotel said push the door it is easy and shut the phone in my face. I went back and pushed the door really hard and the door opened. Sean was standing at reception the whole time and could see that we were struggling…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or25-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Not recommended ,"I was hoping this would be a good base to stay at during a training course but it wasn’t. I’ve stayed in many 2 star hotels and this was by far the worst.  Positives: friendly reception. Reasonably near tube (10 min walk). Good shower pressure.   Negatives: Incredibly strong smell of smoke the moment you walk in the door. Room wasn’t clean. Kettle had a fault so kept cutting out and wasn’t usable. Room and especially pillows smelled of smoke. Hot water in shower took a very long time to come. Radiator on very high with no control so windows had to be open but anyone smoking outside was then an issue. Room looked straight out onto road so anyone walking past looks in. Two guests next door were having an incredibly loud breakup until 3am, screaming, shouting and crying. Lots of…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or30-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",The excellent service makes up for minor inconveniences,The hotel offers very warm and hospitable service and allowed us to check in at 11 am even though check-in time was 2 pm. This meant that they had to rush to get the room ready for us but they did so without any fuss. In fact we woke the manager up with our early arrival but he was nice about it. The only thing that we were inconvenienced with was that the hot water took a long time to get hot (almost 15 minutes) and even then it was mostly lukewarm only. We had to do without a shower for the both nights we were there because it was too cold to take lukewarm showers. Imma who was in housekeeping was always very helpful and attentive and took care of our requests for towels and to clean up a clogged shower drain.,Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or30-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Unexpected refund and lovely room ,"I was due here for 2 nights but weather conditions meant my flight was cancelled, so I called the hotel to let them know I would be a day late. I was calling simply to let them know, but was amazed to be told that I would get a refund for the first night (I pre-paid). I thought this was incredible customer service as I cancelled at short notice. It was a completely unexpected and kind gesture - impressive. The room was spacious and incredibly clean, WiFi strong, good shower and lovely bed. Due to facilities, room, price and customer service, I will absolutely be back.",Date of stay: October 2017,5.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or30-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",DOES WHAT IT SAYS ON THE TIN,"Whilst I only stayed for one night, this no breakfast hotel, located at the Cricklewood end of Shoot Up Hill on the Edgware Road (at the junction with Walm Lane), provides a clean resonably cheap option for Central London. It is close to the buses and does what you would expect. No complaints and would happily use it again if I needed to be in the area.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or30-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",a weekend  in London,The room clean and comfortable  . Tea and coffee  making facilities.  Not far from any transport. Very helpful information  at reception.  No lift rooms on three floors. Would go back if visiting London . Price good,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or30-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Rested,It was an ok stay but for the same price I have stayed central London.    It was a bit embarrassing when I went for breakfast with my wife as we were told that we we not entitled to breakfast as this had not been paid for.  This happened on the 2 mornings that we stayed so we sat there in the dining area whilst the waiting staff confirmed with reception that we had paid,Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or35-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Short stay,We visited whist attending a concert in Wembley. Very friendly and helpful gentleman on reception. Rooms were clean and tidy a little dated but did the job perfectly. Great location for Wembley and central London. Would stay again. ,Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or35-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Good little hotel ,"Easy to find. 10 min walk from Kilburn tube station. Easy to get to Wembley. Room was clean, bathroom too. Plenty of coffee etc. Receptionist was very helpful and polite. Basic but good. Bedside tables with plug sockets. Few local shops on the high st. Cheap and cheerful Wetherspoons 2 mins away too! Will be back when we have other events at Wembley! ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or35-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Not a bad little hotel,"Checked in for 1 night for gig at Wembley, tube just a 10 min walk and close enough to Wembley to warrant not paying extortionate prices when a big gig is playing, room was small but comfortable enough, small double bed was a squeeze, clean and check in staff really helpful and friendly",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or35-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant!,"Spent the weekend here. Shaun, the owner, went above and beyond making sure our weekend went smoothly. what a fabulous place and location. Ask for room 17! what a quirky room, the mirrored ceiling made us giggle. lovely and clean, great shower and comfy bed. The hotel is on a high street with lots of interesting shops, we had oyster cards and found it easy to get into the centre of London, probably took around 30mins. Our initial reason for choosing the Cricklewood was its position to the Wembley stadium, this didn't disappoint, two stops on the tube and we were there, also no hitches coming back late on the tube and bus. We would certainly return and use the hotel as a base whenever we visit London, as long as we got room 17! Thank you Shaun.",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or35-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Don't expect the Ritz!!!,Good standard budget hotel close to the jubilee line and 10 minute tube from Wembley Park....clean good shower....close to a very diverse selection of restaurants and a couple of pubs. All in all good value.....no food!!!!,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or40-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable stay,"Stayed for one night last weekend primarily for a gig at Wembley. Was met by a friendly, helpful receptionist and later met the manager who was very friendly and welcoming.  The lodge is only 10 minutes walk to the tube and 4 stops to Wembley so would definitely recommend a stay here if you're staying for that purpose.  The room was a good size, bathroom was quite small but didn't matter for one night. Had tv and tea/coffee making facilities which is always welcome. Thanks!",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or40-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Reasonable budget accommodation,"My room was small, with no bedside table or lamp. Comfortable bed. The bathroom was very small but clean, with lots of hot water. Good TV. You have to go out for breakfast - cafes limited on Cricklewood Broadway. For London, this is budget accommodation.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or40-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",good budget hotell,"Clean,little bit small rooms but big enough, good enviroment, supermarkets and different little restaurants and bubs nearby, wifi is not working all the time, very good and helpfull staff, good location.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or40-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay,"Lovely hotel, currently undergoing renovation but doesn't affect guests (we weren't affected anyway). Nice sized and clean room with good facilities. Really good location with lots of amenities nearby. A 10 minute walk from Kilburn tube station and around a 7 minute walk to Cricklewood station where you can get the Thameslink into central London. Very attentive staff who were on hand to make sure you had a great stay.  I would definitely stay here again, fab location and very reasonably priced. Thanks guys xx",Date of stay: March 2017,4.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or40-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Very Pleasant Stay,The staff at Cricklewood Lodge were very attentive and did everything they could to ensure we had a pleasant stay. The room was clean and newly decorated and we had a very nice time. Thanks to Cricklewood Lodge.,Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or45-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel to be avoided - Rude and helpless Staff,"The hotel is old and not very good preserved. However, the worst part is the staff: extremely rude, unpolite and heartless.   I tried to comunicate with them but the answer was confusing and not clear at all.   They didn't help us and they were cruel with their attitude.  In all my traveling experience, I've never been treated this way.",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or45-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London","Clean hotel, with small but functional rooms, very friendly and helpfull staff.","Clean hotel, with small but functional rooms, very friendly and helpfull staff. Arrived at the hotel to drop our bags off on our way to wembley stadium. Needed to be a quick turn around, the friendly member of staff booked us in, and ordered us a taxi for six and we on our way within ten minutes. Great.",Date of stay: November 2016,3.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or45-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",What a find this is!,"This is a good little hotel run by a fantastic guy called Shaun.  The hotel is located right on the bus route straight into Marylebone or Paddington - quick trips - and is next to shops, pubs, restaurants - all within comfortable walking distance, so although there isn't a restaurant in the hotel, you have a range of choices just outside the door.  The hotel is currently being refurbished which is nice and the rooms are comfortable, clean and well maintained.  A great supply of coffee,tea,milk sugar and orange juice is on hand. Nice view into the trees from my window which opened, a good telly and really you don't need much more.  My bathroom was lovely.  I can't say enough about Shaun who runs the hotel.  He is THE most helpful person!  Welcoming, friendly, thoughtful,…",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or45-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London","Comfortable, clean and cheap","The walls are maybe too thin... sometimes you could hear other people talking, but it is very quiet at night. The room I stayed in was extremely small (which I already expected since this happens in most of the hotels I've been to in London), but had everything I needed. It is a bit away from the city center but Killburn station is 10 minutes away on foot, so you can expect to be in the city center 15-20 minutes later.  The politeness and kindness of the staff was absolutely exceptional and the cleanliness of the hotel was outstanding. I usually have allergy problems with carpeted places, but this hotel was spotless. The price of the single room (when I booked it) was way below average considering London standards. So if you don't mind to stay in a very small room I would…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or45-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Basic but good...........,We have just returned from a long weekend away in London and as a base we booked to stay at the Cricklewood Lodge Hotel mainly due to price as hotels closer to the centre were very expensive and we didn't want to spend lots when we would be out most of the time.  The hotel is currently having it's rooms renovated but we didn't experience any noise or disturbance whilst we were there.  We were put in one of the completed rooms which was lovely and a nice size with an amazing shower.  We were on the main road and it was busy so if you are a light sleeper ask for a room towards the back but to be honest we were that shattered after sight seeing all day that nothing would have disturbed us :-) It was room only but there was ample places to eat nearby including a good old…,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or50-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",FA cup final weekend,"Stayed here on the weekend of the FA cup final, booked as a late deal, was extremely pleased with the accommodation, also very friendly staff (Sean couldn't do enough for us). Quiet location, clean room, with two bathrooms!! Not far from train station. Had a great sleep in a comfy bed. Well worth the price we paid! What more could you ask for :-)",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or50-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Neat well maintained rooms,"I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights and found it to be very good. It is well maintained and clean. My room had been newly renovated. The hotel is close to shops, pubs and Kilburn underground station. All reports you read about the manager being a friendly helpful person are true. He is one of those people that is exceptional at his job. Each room has it's own shower and toilet. The only downside was that the room had no bar fridge, but this seems to be a fairly common thing amongst budget hotels in London. I would definitely recommend staying here. However, I probably wouldn't select this hotel to take my family to. Not because of anything bad, but it really is just a hotel. No family spaces",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or50-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Good one night stay,"We stayed here on a one night stay to attend a family party.  The reception staff were super efficient.  We had a family room, which was very spacious and clean, plenty of room for the three of us.  This hotel had a bar which was a bonus, we got served quickly and the prices weren't too bad either.  We had breakfast which was self serve and very adequate.  A pleasant stay over all.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or50-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing place,"I stayed here for 5 nights. The manager Shaun was amazing. He was very friendly and helpful. The room was very tidy and clean. There are biscuits, juices, tea and coffee in the room and also a kettle. The room was cleaned everyday and they put new juices and biscuits. The hotel is very close to Kilburn Underground Station. I really enjoyed my stay here and would recommend to anybody. I'll definitely stay again. ",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or50-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Saturday night stay ,Me and my friend stayed here on Saturday 2nd of July as we were attending a concert at Wembley. We were greeted by the manager who was very friendly and gave us the information we needed.   The location was great about a 10 minute walk to the tube station and just round the corner from a wetherspoons and shops.   We had a problem with a broken shower head however once it was reported to reception it was dealt with within minutes. The bathroom door was also very noisy when opening and shutting. The rooms were quite small but that wasn't much of a problem as we were out most of the day and there was everything you needed.   This hotel is value for money and would recommend for a short stay whilst visiting Wembley/London,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or55-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Top of the Hill!,"Sean (Manager) was ace, very helpful & friendly. Was moved from a single to a double on the lower ground floor as they were re-furbishing and although the room was facing the main road, the windows were double glazed so no problem there.The only problem I did have was that I had to sit sideways on the loo as it was too close to the wall, but apart from that a good stay & very reasonably priced for London. The bus stops were close by with loads of buses up & down Shoot Up Hill to Kilburn. There was The Beaten Docket (Wetherspoons) across from the hotel which had great breakfasts for £3.25, & Kilburn has some great restaurants & cafes as well as the Tricycle theatre & cinema.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or55-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Nice and cozy,"I stayed three nights in the end of April and I was very pleased with my stay. The manager was very welcoming and pleasant, and made sure that everything was good with my stay. He was maybe one of the nicest hotel workers I've ever met during my holidays! Also other members of the staff who helped me during my stay were absolutely pleasant. I had reserved a single room but got an upgrade to a double room, which was great. The room was clean and bed was nice, and bathroom rather spacious, at least on London standards. Only minus thing was that I didn't find a hairdyer but because I didn't necessarily need it, I did not went to ask if they had one. There were pleanty of coffee, tea, biscuits and juices ready in the room. The wifi worked well during the whole stay. The closest tube…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or55-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Surprisingly Nice,"The hospitality industry in the UK leaves a lot to be desired when it comes to value for money and treatment of guests so my expectations are never high, however this particular establishment renewed my faith.  Very clean in both public areas and room, tea and coffee facilities with very generous amount of supplies in the room, daily room service and a very warm and friendly welcome on arrival and throughout my stay by Sean.  My room was a bit smaller than expected and in some area's practicalities were lacking but they are undergoing a refurbishment (which does not infringe on stay) so availability was limited and the fact that I was given a reasonable explanation with the offer of improvement the negative was turned in to a positive.  Just because we opt for a more reasonably…",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or55-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",London Museum visit,Very helpful & friendly. Great to have the cheap on site parking. Clean & tidy family room. Not enough cloths storage. Needs some drawers. Light over desk didn't work. They did drop in another chair without asking as there was only one for the four of us. The security/fire door to our floor broke so no one could get in so it was propped open over night. Food was ok with a fair choice. Double bed was not level so not a great nights sleep. Very helpful with directions. Would stay again but would request a different room if the bed was the same. Half hour free wifi,Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or55-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent value, excellent service","I had a 5 day conference and needed somewhere nearby to stay. I arrived and was greeted by the friendliest man Shaun, the owner. A pleasant welcome on a miserable and rainy day.  The room (which he upgraded for free) was newly refurbished, clean and spacious.  The refreshment tray was very generous and refilled ever day.  I would highly recommend this hotel.  Shaun went above and beyond during my stay and he deserves a medal!",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or60-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Value and good service,"I was looking for somewhere for two nights, while a went to concerts and met people over two days. So I wanted someone clean and easy to reach, quiet, and I was not concerned about a large room. Cricklewood Lodge met all this. A very helpful manager booked me in. The room was small but very pleasant, with en-suite, TV and as much coffee and biscuits as one could possibly want. It's only ten minutes walk from Kilburn underground station. And although they don't provide breakfast, the Wetherspoons pub just 100 yards down the road does provide it from 8.00am, and for £4.  I'll definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or60-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,"This was the 2nd time I have stayed at this hotel, the newly refurbished rooms are extremely well finished and you really can't fault this hotel for the price. The manager Sean is really friendly and goes out of his way to make you feel welcome. Next time in Cricklewood will definatly book again!",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or60-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Third time at Lodge. Never disappointed,"Really great place this. Booked a single room for £50 and upon arrival was given a double. Room spacious, warm and airy. Bed was very comfortable and shower very good. Unbelievable amout of tea, coffee, biscuits and juice. Always very well looked after. Will definitely be returning.",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or60-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, friendly manager","We booked a twin room, and we got a gigantic room with two double beds and two bathrooms. They were refurbishing, and the manager apologized for the inconvenience, but we never experienced any inconveniences. The only thing I missed was a closet for our clothes...",Date of stay: November 2015,4.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or60-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely little hotel ,"I booked this hotel last minute to go and watch a recent England game at Wembley, I was pleasantly surprised at how friendly the staff were towards me,which is very rare in London, my room was clean as was the rest of the hotel, it was a short 10 minute walk to the tube station or a 2 minute bus journey, about 5 minute walk to the town area where you have a wide choice of food and drink to chose from, all in all I would stay at this hotel when I make another trip to Wembley ",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or65-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Great value. ,"Having read some earlier reviews we were pleasantly surprised to find the lodge spotlessly clean and comfy, if a little small. Will be booking again when visiting London . Friendly and helpful staff, perfect if you're planning a trip to Wembley as it's only a couple of stations away on the tube. ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or65-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",enjoyable stay,"We stayed for the England match 8th September. The rooms were lovely and clean, lovely comfy bed and nice pillows.Made to feel very welcome even thou we were 2 hours early for check-in. Plenty of shops around, Wetherspoons down the road, easy travel access for train/tube Such a good price.Will definitely be staying here again.",Date of stay: September 2015,5.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or65-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London","Clean , helpful staff, reasonable price","Stayed there for one week. Comfortable bathroom, fresh sheets duvet. Biscuits, tea, orange juice supplemented every day in the room. Almost fully refurbished place. The manager of the hotel is a kind man, genius of knowledge, ask him for anything , for instance he will tell you how to get to Greenwich by ferry instead of boring tube  or will give you a map with directions and bus/tube numbers ;) if you ask him ""how can I get somewhere..."" , also will show you the cheapest pub located near the hotel with, again, the cheapest english breakfast for £3. Hotel is located in the northern part of London, for the nearest tube/overground app 10 min on foot or the best way is to catch bus line 16, ca 50meters opposite the Hotel .Tickets/Oyster card for 1-2 zone is enough. Can be noisy…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or65-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable position - clean - Owner extremely kind - Near a good pub,"Hotel set in a comfortable position, due to the fact which is located at few hundreds of meters from the Kilburn stop of the Jubilee tube, with which is possible to reach the center in approximately 15/20 minutes (Embankment). Is also possible to use the buses which pass frequently heading to the center.  Small but clean rooms with tea, water boiler, coffee, biscuits and sugar. Owner extremely kind and available. If you need any kind of transfer by car ask directly to him, who will prompt you a fine service with lower fares compared to classic taxis.  Really near to the hotel is located a pub in which we dined well, with good food and beers.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or65-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",It was lovely! ,"Went there for one night only for Ed Sheeran concert! Stayed there on 12th July!  Got there, nice welcome from a nice man! We stayed in a family room and it is small but it was nice, 2 single and one double and toilet and shower separately with also a tv! Bed was comfortable and when we arrived there was cups with biscuits and coffee sachets etc and orange juice! Very kind.. Thank you! ",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or70-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Quite good for the price,"It’s always a risky business booking a low-price (for London) hotel in London, and this time my gamble paid off. I chose this because of the location (on the bus route I needed), and was pleased with my choice. Certainly it’s fairly basic, but fine for a short stay — my room was tiny but clean, comfortable, quiet and well equipped; the bathroom was modern, with a shower that worked (though the water pressure wasn’t brilliant) and good towels. I suspect the place has been refurbished sine many of the reviews here were written; it is still undergoing refurbishment.   The lock on the door didn’t feel all that secure, though.  I don’t know about breakfast, or even whether they offer it, as I never eat breakfast in hotels.  The surrounding area is unglamorous, but well placed for…",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or70-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",great value,A good value otel 5 mins from jublee line clean rooms and comfortable bed with brewing facilities in the room ideal for us attending a concert at wembly  staff were helpful and friendly would stop again,Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or70-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant and Clean,"Stayed at the Crincklewood Lodge Hotel for three nights with friends was idle for a weekend in London was on main bus route and easy train access (about 10 min walk away) Into the city staff were very helpful rooms were clean and comfy towels were changed daily,The hotel is easy to find being on the main route there is a few good bars and restaurants within ten min walk from hotel would go back next time we are down in London for the price it's Excellent value.",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or70-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",So helpful!,"Me and my friend stayed in this hotel this weekend just gone and had a really lovely stay. The room was small but cute and had everything you need from a hotel room. It was a good location to get the tube to Wembley stadium and not too far from London city centre itself. The manager of the hotel was so lovely and helpful, me and my friend have never met such a nice manager before! He helped us find our way around London and we cannot thank him enough! Thank you for a lovely stay and for helping us so much, we would have gotten lost otherwise. Naomi and Danielle x",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or70-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for money,"The room was very small, but comfortable and clean. The walls, however, are paper-thin and the sound of traffic starts quite early in the morning. But the hotel is very well located; you can take the jubilee line (to see e.g. the Big Ben) or bus 16 (to see e.g. the Buckingham palace) straight to central London. The thameslink train also takes you directly to Kings Cross.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or75-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Great decent priced hotel,"Stayed here for a weekend away. It's a few mins walk from Cricklewood train station and bus stops.  It was a kind of lads weekend so we were just looking for a place to sleep and didn't plan to spend a whole lot of time in the room. We looked at other hotels in the area and picked this one purely on price. I was very surprised that the room was spotless and spacious with lots of tea and coffee The staff were friendly and helpful and Sean the manager is a lovely down to earth guy.  I have no hesitation in recommending it for a stay. It is not Claridges or the Ritz, but doesn't claim to be. I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to London",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or75-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel. Good value.,I stayed here for a couple of nights on a weekend. The first night I was in what was supposed to be a double room for single occupancy. To my great surprise the room was massive. There was enough room to sleep four if needed with a double bed in the middle and two singles either side. Being a rather large chap I slept in the double bed which was super comfy. The room and everything in it was very clean and well maintained. Absolutely gangs of tea and coffeee and even biccies! The second night I moved into a twin room with a mate. While obviously it wasn't as big as the other room it was still comfortable enough. I'm probably going to stay here in a single room for four nights in June and am really looking forward to that. The cost and everything else comapred very favourable to…,Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or75-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",NOT the Travelodge.,"First to note that a lot of the reviews below are for the Travelodge, which this is not.  Not being a Travelodge meant that the guy on reception (sorry I didn't get his name) was able to be totally flexible, and use his initiative when we pitched up before ""check in"" opened. Rooms were allocated, parking fee was waived, in no time at all we were in our rooms. In fact I'd go so far to say that the guy on reception was probably the best receptionist/duty manager I have come across.  The rooms were plenty large enough for a short stay, although the bathroom in the room I stayed in was a little on the small size. The curtains aren't thick enough to cut out the morning sun, and the noise from the road is fairly constant through the night. Overall I'd rate the hotel somewhere between…",Date of stay: April 2015,3.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or75-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",recent stay,i stayed for 11 nights and found the place comfortable safe practical and was located central to three major areas. plenty of towels and the  om tea and coffee was great .shower gel was nice and plentiful.staff are very friendly and the general manager Sean is helpful and great to deal with.,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or75-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly staff but dirty bedsheets,"I stayed in a single room overnight. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was basic, as you would expect for the price, and the location was handy with regular buses.  My one (fairly significant) complaint was that the duvet cover was not clean. When I went to bed, I thought the sheets smelled a bit stale - like they'd been stored for a while before they were used. The next morning, I found grease and smears of curry on the duvet cover. These weren't just stains that hadn't come out in the wash - the cover hadn't been washed at all. When I mentioned this as I was checking out, I didn't even get an apology.  Yes, this place is basic and would probably be okay to crash out in (which is all I wanted), but there's no excuse not to provide clean linen.",Date of stay: February 2015,2.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or80-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable,"Does what it says on the tin I suppose! A little out of London but only 15 minutes walk from Kilburn underground. There are plenty of buses that pass the hotel too. There are plenty of places to eat nearby too, including a Wetherspoons.  My main gripe is the check-in time being as late as 3pm and there doesn't seem to be a lot of leeway given with regards to this unless you pay extra! We bought a drink and this seemed to get the room ready a little quicker (about 1440)!  The room was comfortable and clean and the price reasonable for London so I'd stay again.",Date of stay: December 2014,4.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or80-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Really good lodge,"Contrary to the reviews i've seen here, its a really good hotel,turns out its been remodeld this year and looks really good, rooms are comfy and the breakfast its really rich and tasty;Overall really good experience;If u do visit take the breakfast cafe bar not the one in the room;",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or80-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly staff,"Having stayed at the Cricklewood Lodge Hotel for two nights I have nothing but praise for the staff and reception very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean a little warm but that could have been the weather, and unlike a lot of Hotels plenty of tea, coffee sugar & milk. We arrived on Wednesday on Thursday the room was made up again with clean towels & bed linen & tea, sugar & milk. That is what I call service. The only thing that could be done is put a shelf up in the bathroom and a hook to hang cloths up.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or80-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed feelings,"Stayed in the ""hotel"" on New Years Eve. Cost was £40, so was not expecting much to be honest. Asked for a rear facing view as wanted to avoid traffic noise from main road. Room was very basic both in terms of amenities and space. Box room would be an apt description. However, room was reasonably clean and levels of general cleanliness not too bad at all.  Shower was efficient but sink tap was wonky. Radiator not working in bedroom but was not that bothered as don't like heat in bedrooms generally. Bed was adequate but curtain was flimsy with no net curtains.  I have read some exceedingly bad reviews re this hotel, particularly re customer service from the Management. Well I can say I was greeted very well and the Manager was courteous and polite. Further remarks re hotel being…",Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or80-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",short stay in London,"Stayed in the travel lodge 18th-19th October 2013. Its roughly what you expect for £40 a night.  Bus route right outside the hotel which leads on to Kilburn underground about a mile from the hotel. The room was relatively clean with a nice flat screen television. The bathroom again was clean however a little cramped and steamed up very easily. The bedding seemed ok however towels were grey and no bath mat was included, so the wet floor in the bathroom was a bit of a pain. From reading other reviews it seemed as though i got lucky and had a room situated away from the main road. The view from my window looked out onto a roof and car park below, however the room was just for sleeping in so if I wanted a better view I would have stayed closer to the city center.  Another downside…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or85-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Unclean low standard of care,Very unclean room. Bed and room was very much below what you expect. Yes it's cheep but simple cleaning standards should still be met. Walls are very thin was kept awake by man snoring in next room. This hotel has very low standards please don't expect much ,Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or85-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Weekend in London,"Good attempt on decoration but not worth the cost and very disappointed that the only breakfast available was a ""Continental breakfast"" in the room which comprised of a muffin bun and a biscuit despite booking bed and breakfast accommodation   Would'ant recommend this ""Hotel"" and would not stay here again !!",Date of stay: September 2013,2.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or85-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Not totally crap,"For the pricing I guess you shouldnt have too high expextations, but... I made my booking online, payed a deposit. Got no confirmation, had to call long distance to check if I had a room, they receptionist hardly understood english or the concept ""online"". after three reminding emails I got a confirmation, just before I left for London. I asked for a receipt but they refused to include the deposit. Internet was extra charge and didnt work. The room was nice and clean when we came but wasnt cleaned every day. Shower sewage worked for a two minute shower, then it was full. Breakfast was a joke. Powder coffee and biscuits on a sticky tray in the room, though there was a sign with bed and breakfast outside. Anyway we managed to sleep and they wasnt rude or anything.",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or85-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",You have the option of staying 3 hours here...,"The place I was booked into let me down so my husband booked me into this place via Laterooms. On the plus side it was cheap -£83 for two nights, the ensuite room was clean and the TV was a decent size flatscreen. On the minus: 1.Parking was an issue. There is a tiny car park dominated by big white vans with very little manoevring space, odd when there is a huge unused forecourt -so I parked on the road. Note that on the opposite side of the A5, the hours for free parking are more reasonable. 2. Every time I went in the hotel there were workmen sitting on the steps at the entrance smoking. 3.The reception area was protected by a grille (the type to keep bank robbers out). In spite of this, it was often unstaffed, allowing anyone to just walk into the areas where the bedrooms…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or85-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Difficult to Say,My Daughter and my Grandson stayed here when attending the Robbie Williams Concert. She was offered a double when she had requested two singles and it was sorted out. The rooms were clean but she was concerned about the reception at night and the fact that there was a sign to say that the rooms could be rented by the hour !!,Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or90-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London","Clean and basic, good value, but disappointing in some areas","Four of us stayed in a large family room in Cricklewood Lodge on a Friday night.  The hotel was easy to find, but then the trouble started! The area is a little rough around the edges, not normally a problem for us but could be concerning to some.  The car park only has room for around 7/8 cars and on this occasion 3 of those spaces were taken up by a work van! We had to ask the work man himself to move the van as the hotel staff weren't keen to help. The nearby roads are residents' permit only.. Worth noting!  Check in time is 2pm according to the booking, we arrived at 3.15pm and were told our room wasn't ready and to come back in 15mins! We loaded the car back up and went for a drink for an hour and when we got back the maids were just finishing. The staff were not very…",Date of stay: July 2013,3.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or90-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Awful Experience,"I stayed mid week and I was astounded by the quality of the experience.  I. Whilst it was cheap, I did not expect the room to smell of stale cigarette smoke and be grubby.  2. The owner charges extra for the use of debit cards.  He did not say this until after he had started putting the transaction through, and then tried to blame me for not reading a sign, that I could barely see for all of the metal bars across the window.  He was then grumpy when I offered to go and get cash  3. When I asked for a receipt he got even grumpier, and started ranting about Muslims on benefits wanting receipts for the council as they were all immigrants wanting hand outs from the state.  I explained mine was for my employer, but by this point he was in mid rant.  4. The owner is clearly an…",Date of stay: April 2013,1.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or90-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",accommodation at hotel,I liked the accommodation and breakfast. good hotel cleanliness. without disturbance of noise from other rooms. good service. I had no problems with hot or cold water. TV worked but was not compatible with the TV remote. I stayed in the basement but it was no problem with this as everything was ok. I sat between 08/07/2011 and 12/08/2011,Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or90-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",It appears they have sorted this place out...,"I booked this as an emergency place to stay, and booked the double room.  I arrived at the caged reception area, and paid my money, the chap seemed kind of ok, maybe I caught him on a good day.  I was given room No10, and as I headed through a maze of corridors, and mattresses in the hall, I expected very little as I put the key in the door and peeped into the room.  To my surprise, the room was spacious, with two big double windows, it was clean and airy and the bed was super comfy.  The bathroom was compact and tiny, but clean.. the flat screen tv had a multitude of tv channels, and there was even some buscuits to go with my brew.  We decided to sleep in and skip breakfast, so cannot coment if it was of any quality or not.",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or90-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,"I booked nearly 3 weeks in advance. There were 3 of us that required a single and a twin room. It was booked, paid on debit card, and confirmed.   When we arrived at 6pm we presumed the rooms would be ready for us. They wasn't. The owner said that someone had paid extra to have the rooms for longer as they'd missed their flight or train. We needed these rooms to get showered and changed as we'd gone to London for a friend's birthday party. The owner said we'd need to give him more time for the twin room & suggested he upgrade the single into a double at no extra cost so at least we could all get washed and ready. He reassured us that on our return the twin room would be sorted.  The double room was split into bad points and one good point. The good point being it seemed clean.…",Date of stay: September 2012,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or95-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Hell,"what a dump, should b closed down, lots of noise going on early hrs like furniture being moved, reception person very rude, did'nt bother with breakfast did'nt want to risk food poisoning,",Date of stay: June 2012,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or95-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London","Poor digs, expensive cost!","I personaly thought this hotel was a lot of money for what it was. I was given a room that was supposed to be a family room as no single or doubles available, this was tiny, so dread to think what the other rooms were like. No windows in the room, or should I say cell! Breakfast was a farce Also if you parked in the small car park early you would be blocked in and no way of getting out until the owner of the car in front eventually turned up Asking ar reception before 8 in the morning was met with a guy who was sleeping behind the counter and no help when woken up!",Date of stay: November 2011,2.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or95-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Health warning!,"Cheapness is not an excuse not to be clean. One star is too much for this hotel. There was filth everywhere in the room, shower was broken, little to no pressure, tile missing. There was undescribable dirt in the room, skirting board, windows, carpet. Very strong smell of urine on the carpet, hidden by a rug. Discusting!",Date of stay: September 2011,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or95-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",When are you coming back to give me my keys for the room ?,I stay at this hotel once about 4 years ago . At 1st it was  ok . We stay in room number 2 at the bottom floor with a en suite bathroom . The room was  old with the owner friend bed bugs . An old TV and a little dark room . As this hotel is close to brent cross and it near the word cheap 60 pound ( but not worth the 60 pound) an emergency happen where we had to stay again .At around 8pm I  rang the bell no one answer so I rang again still no answer then  a  tired  old man open the door and shout what do you want . I looked up thinking I was in the wrong place . This man was so RUDE ! I asked if they was any rooms left he said yes and he walked off . I am still waiting for him to come back ! Please you need to close this place down,Date of stay: May 2011,1.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or95-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Took 1 look at room and left,"This hotel was booked for me by a London-based company that I was visiting though I can't imagine why this hotel would be on the list of preferred places for business visitors. Admittedly the travel budget was tight - under 70 pounds per night. I was booked into a double room. The gentleman manning reception was rude, unhelpful, and quite frankly, needed a good wash. The hotel could have done with a good wash too. I left shortly after seeing the room I'd been given because it was grimy and I couldn't imagine spending a night in its cramped confines. Avoid this hotel if you can afford to.    ",Date of stay: July 2011,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or100-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",NEVER STAY HERE,"Me and my family were put here as our flat flooded and we had no hot water. It seemed ok at first but then we discovered they had bed bugs, we left as soon as we found out but bed bugs hide in your clothes and luggage and we didnt even realise we'd transported them to our own house!  This hotel is disguisting, never stay there!!",Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or100-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",IT IS BEING REFURBISHED AND WAS QUITE COMFORTABLE,"I was apprehensive to book this hotel but was pleasantly surprised.It is being refurbished and the corridors have new carpet.We had a twin bed room which had been refurbished.  The walls had been painted, the carpet was new and the twin beds were super comfy.  It was not perfect but i would go again.  Breakfast was excellent.",Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or100-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",SHOULD  BE ADVERTISED WITH A HEALTH WARNING,I am mortified to have booked my husband and sister and I into this filthy hotel.  The location suited our needs and for this we were prepared for basic standards.  But one could never be prepared for the dirt!  It was filthy.  The floors were filthy.  The paintwork was filthy.  The windows were filthy.  The ensuites were filthy.  As for the smell...a mixture of gas and sewerage.  This was definitely our worst experience of accomodation in fifty years.  Advertising should carry a health warning,Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or100-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London","Never stay at this ""hotel"" - avoid at all costs","Stayed at this hotel with family and we could not believe that this ""hotel"" had been allowed to open.  We arrived to a building which looked terrible on the outside with a broken stair rail to the door.  Then were greeted with a caged reception desk - it should have said it all!!  One of the rooms had a door to the shower room which was hanging off and you had to be quick or the shower base would fill up and flood the floor.  As for the smell - there are no words to describe it - a sewage smell was the closest we can get.  The ""penthouse"" on the top floor was even worse.  We could not bring ourselves to walk on the carpet it was that dirty and kept shoes/slippers on our feet at all times.  The wallpaper was flithly and hanging off.  The window was so dirty you could not see out…",Date of stay: June 2010,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or100-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Just an awful palce top stay,"From the arrival to a ""caged"" reception area, to the inadequate 4' bed for two people, the cold shower room, with a broken w.c and a broken cystern handle, just one dull light, the filthy carpet, the night time fight/argument which continued twice for periods of around 45 minute during the night, (and we did not go to bed until 2.30 am) the whole experience reminded us of the ""Bates Motel"" but worse from Psycho. A truly awful experience. The small car park was full too, My tip is to avoid this awful hotel.",Date of stay: February 2010,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or105-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"Me and my boyfriend recently stayed in Cricklewood Lodge for few nights, this hotel is good and the receptionist and an elderly man were so helpful, they give us all the information and direction that we need (like bus and tube) after fill in the form the receptionist show me where my room is and told me about the key for the room, for the front door in case we come back late at night (as the door is locked for security reason), and where's the breakfast room too.  We had booked a double ensuite room from their website, and we were very pleased with it, its just exactly same as the photo shown on the web. i think they had been renovated as the carpet were new and clean, and the bed was so confortable, we really had a nice sleep over there. In the morning, we had a lovely english…",Date of stay: November 2009,4.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or105-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid - Staff robbed our room,"AVOID THIS HOTEL LIKE THE PLAGUE. IT IS OLD, DIRTY, SMELLY,  RUN DOWN AND THE STAFF ARE THIEVES.  My self and my partner stayed in this hotel because it convenient location when we for flat hunting in the area. We found the hotel to be of low standard but were not alarmed as it was CHEAP and suited our budget.   However, returning to the hotel after our first days flat hunting we discovered that while our room had been tidied - a spare mobile phone and charger of mine along with my girlfriends purse with drivers license, an old bank cards, sim cards and travel doc's had gone missing from our bags left in the room!! My girlfriends bank later called her to say that the bank card had been tried with wrong PIN twice and the thieves then had the check to call her bank and demand the…",Date of stay: July 2009,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or105-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Give it a chance,"We stayed for one night at the Cricklewood Hotel. It was pretty poor from the parking point of view with a very small car park for a thirty roomed hotel. On arrival the reception were very helpful, keys handed over and asked if we needed anything. The room was very basic and the cleaning was still being done even though we did tell them what time we would be arriving. The only downside to the room is that they are not en-suite and we had to walk down a flight of stairs for a shower or the toilet and to be honest they were clean but could do with modernising. There is some storage space but not a lot however we were only there for just one night so didn't take a lot anyway.  Our bed was really comfortable and we slept very well to wake up with a quite nice breakfast although a…",Date of stay: July 2009,3.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or105-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible, avoid at all costs!","I booked a room in the Cricklewood Lodge for a friend who was staying in London for a few days. I went to pick up the keys for him and was greeted by an incredibly rude man in the reception, which immediately set alarm bells ringing. As soon as I walked I could see the hotel was shabby, and had a dank, horrible atmosphere to it so I asked if I could see the room before paying. The receptionist wasn't too happy about this, and I can see why he didn't want me to see it. The room turned out to be disgustingly dirty, it was smelly, full of ugly, rickety furniture, the bed was really uncomfortable . How could I let my friend stay there?   I went back to the reception to let the man know I didn't want the room. He was on the phone for ages and totally ignored me. So I left the key on…",Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or105-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",awful time at the Cricklewood,"Theres nothing good to say about this hotel. It is in desperate need of renovation (it looks nothing like the pictures on the website). Our room (8) was dirty and shabby. The furniture was a mix of rickety old tables and a dirty desk. The tv didnt work properly and there was no remote control. The over bed light was a rusty desk lamp screwed to the wall. The sink in the bedroom was dirty and rusty and covered in fag burns. Our double bed was awful due to the fact it was made up of 2 doors which nicely stuck out from under the mattress! Now for the best bit, the shower room. It was filthy. The toilet would not flush, the bowl was black, as was the floor. The shower was no better, it was covered in mould. You had to lift the whole door up to get it to close ( that is if you were…",Date of stay: July 2008,1.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or110-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",nice hotel,"I have recently stayed at this hotel, I was able to check in late at night, it was no problem, and shown to my room. My partner and I had booked a double room with an ensuite over their website, and I was very pleased with our room. It was spacious and had been renovated, you could tell them carpets and fittings were new. At breakfast we had a huge english breakfast, the dining room was big and modern, and also the staff were friendly. I needed a hairdryer and extra pillows that night, so the night receptionist brought it up, no problems. Overall I would recommend this hotel to any guests coming to london, transport links are very good too.",Date of stay: May 2008,4.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or110-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel at all cost,"We visited London for 3 days to see my son before moving on to Paris. He found this ""little gem"" for us and I guess being a backbacker, hostel, budget traveller he felt it was good value and it was definitely close to his flat.   We found the family staff disinterested and had no sense of customer service whatsoever. The room we were given was in the basement...well if we had not not been exhausted from our very long day we would have walked right back out.  It was grimey, dank and dark. The overall level of the hotel was poor to very poor. We stayed because we were barely in the room other than to sleep and we know it would be over soon.   Finally, breakfast (included with the room) was just passable served with the same  ""I really don't care"" level of service we had come to…",Date of stay: June 2007,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d910783-Reviews-or110-Cricklewood_Lodge_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"Cricklewood Lodge Hotel Reviews, London",The worst hotel in London,We booked an overnight stay at this hotel because it was near the area we had some business the following day. Upon entering the hotel we noticed how grubby and worn it all looked. We were given the key to our room and found it to be filthy dirty with a broken toilet seat down the side of the toilet with thick dirt all around. I knew I could not stay there. We complained to the manager and he said they did not have any more rooms available.  My husband left the hotel to try and book us in elsewhere without success.  It seamed we had no choice so reluctantly stayed. During the night my husband was woken by bed bugs crawling over his body but knew if he woke me up I would have been devastated. In the morning I saw the bites on my husbands body. Totally disgusted I left without…,Date of stay: December 2007,1.0
