,link,hotel_name,review_headline,review,review_date,review_score
0,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or0-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing - don't spend your money on a room here.,"For a lovely old building in Kensington this hotel should have been a wonderful stay for a weekend break - sadly, it was the opposite.   There were huge stains on the fabric headboard (not what you want to be thinking about when you're trying to fall asleep) and the curtains were ripped (how?). They also had a long continuous stain along the bottom of them. There were biscuit pieces under the chest of drawers and old plastic cutlery in the wardrobe - there was nothing to suggest that the room had actually been cleaned before we arrived.  In the bathroom, there was rust along the shower screen and we were supplied with a tiny shampoo sample and shower gel which were no bigger than a lip balm tube - their website says these are 'designer' toiletries but this is clearly just a blatant lie. The pedal bin didn't work and had no bin bag inside. Additionally, the door knob in to the room was hanging on for dear life which creates the risk of being locked out of your room with your belongings still inside.  Despite this, the worst was yet to come. Above the fabric headboard was a canopy  which we peaked over the top of. Not only did we find a thick layer of dust which had been the cause for us sneezing for the entire trip but we discovered a packet of crisps which had been left on top of the canopy by a previous guest. The best before date on the packet said 2019 - meaning that part of the room had not seen a duster or a wipe for two years. It made us feel sick to know we'd slept under that filth which the cleaning staff (if there even are any) hadn't given the time of day to for 24 months. This is absolutely unacceptable when this hotel is taking people's money to stay here and they are doing the absolute bare minimum to provide a good service.  The continental breakfast was poor. A cup of tea in a paper cup, a carton of battery acid orange juice and one cheap brioche each in a plastic wrapper was delivered to our door. You expect a hotel to look after you when it comes to the food they serve and we we felt like we were a burden for even asking for the breakfast. It was in no way a four star breakfast (as the hotel claims to be a four star) and we wondered how on earth they can claim to be of that standard. We had to take what we were given and had no options whatsoever on what we could eat - it was either the brioche or nothing.  the question if guests with dietary requirements would even be able to have anything to eat.  It really is such a shame as the building itself is gorgeous with lovely art on the walls on the landings and in the room itself. The furniture in the room was really nice too but the glass top on one of the bedside tables was held on with blue tac. The staff were really friendly which is confusing in comparison to the poor quality of the rooms.   We were really excited to stay here when we booked but we left feeling cheated out of what should have been a really relaxing weekend. We wouldn't recommend staying here and if you want to spend your money wisely, we would suggest avoiding this health hazard hotel.…",Date of stay: June 2021,2.0
1,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or0-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Seen much better days,"Stained headboards, rotten and stained curtains, shabby bashed up furniture, broken and unusable door catches and window latches, pitiful ""continental"" breakfast, dusty, stained carpets, 4 out of five ceiling lights not working, loose taps and plugs, missing legs on bed etc etc etc Not redecorated in 20 years I should think. One small sachet each of shampoo and shower gel. However, bathroom and beds and towels clean and comfy. Broken portable air conditioer in middle of room. Place falling apart, no maintenace, no investment. Staff change every day, but very friendly and professional as far as they are able. All very shabby, but was obviously charming in its heyday which was a very, very long time ago. Situation in SouthKen unbeatable and relatively cheap so ""good value"" but basically won't be long before it just falls down - website very misleading. Shame really.…",Date of stay: May 2021,2.0
2,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or0-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",NOT a 4 star property - far from it !!,"When do you charge the full amount of a stay upon check-in ??? Upon asking, was told that it was done because the booking was not refundable. Don't see what difference that makes ... You should still charge once the service is rendered, not before ! Continental breakfast : horrible orange juice and a brioche with tea or coffee. No more than that ... Room is not made during the weekend ... TV was disconnected And you don't get your 50GBP deposit back right away - upon check-out - 'because the system doesn't allow for that. 5 days after check out, still nothing received ...  Bottom line is you get the sensation that they are out to extract everything they possibly can from you. Stay away",Date of stay: April 2021,1.0
3,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or0-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",So rude ,I didn’t even stay here but was planning to. Right before booking I called the hotel to confirm if I could have a late check out. The gentleman on the phone was so rude that I was shocked. Clearly I would not be staying here if he couldn’t answer a simple question without giving me a severe attitude. ,Date of stay: April 2021,1.0
4,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or0-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Do not book-read the reviews,"Do not waste your time or money with these jokers, read reviews here and on Booking.com...they’re all bad for reason.   Ok, so together with friends we booked this hotel for VE Bank Holiday weekend May 2020, and paid in full-mistake. Along came the 1st government  lockdown..we queried booking status and the hotel stated they were open to ‘key workers’ only, didn’t offer a refund or alternative, stating it was hard luck, there was nothing the could do.  Eventually and begrudgingly they agreed to move the booking to November 2020 but at a higher rate, forcing us to pay out more in an attempt to recoup the original fully paid up costs.  Along comes 2nd lockdown! And once again ‘key workers only’ and trying to get these people to answer phone or emails is near impossible, if the do speak to you it’s never anyone who is willing or knows how to help.   So we tried to rebook a third date (still no refund offered-stated they could only amend and no refund)....made enquires re suitable dates, didn’t get any assistance.... then noticed (via credit card statement) these con artists had only gone and taken a completely new full cost booking off the original credit card details without any authority to do so, so now they had taken the full amount twice having still not honoured the initial May 2020 booking!  Eventually we went sec75 on credit card for services not supplied, card refunded us in full, and then this hotel who find it impossible to return calls or emails etc challenged refund by telling credit card dispute services not only had we been offered alternative dates but also we had also offered an initial refund but declined it.  It’s difficult to deal with liars, however all our unanswered emails were supplied to the card provider who once again provided a full refund, including the bogus second booking costs.  In short (I know it’s not been-but there was so much more)  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME & MONEY…",Date of stay: March 2021,1.0
5,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or5-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HER: The Cranley Hotel - Every bad review is SERIOUSLY TRUE.,"There was NO HEAT at all  in my room. When I mentioned this to the staff, who had strong foreign accents, they said they understood but there was nothing they could do. I tried to cancel the next night because of no heat and the staff refused. Next night NO HEAT in my room and another female guest was crying because she was soo cold. They never provided her with heat. In the morning water leaking from the ceiling onto the table where shopping and mobile phones and personal items were kept the staff did nothing. The staff acted like all these problems were normal and stated they could do nothing about it. DO NOT STAY HERE. Also I NEVER received my DEPOSIT BACK. EVERY bad review here is TRUE. You literally stand helpless before the staff.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
6,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or5-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Do not recommend at all!,"Dirty unclean rooms, had to literally go and buy cleaning products because the room was absolutely unclean. I’ve attached images below to show how bad the room was even it being an executive kings room.  You would think that especially with this pandemic more safety measures would be put in place, including thorough cleaning ! Would not recommend at all!",Date of stay: November 2020,1.0
7,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or5-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Hit and miss,"Would not use this hotel again. They charge a £50 deposit that they then refuse to give back shdvwten trying to sort the issue members of staff are useless and rude. Other than that the cleanliness is 3/10, bathrooms could be cleaner and lack of security as room doors cannot be locked from the inside meaning anyone has the opportunity to walk in to your room",Date of stay: November 2020,1.0
8,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or5-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Unresponsive to clients,"We booked and paid for a 5 day stay at the Cranley in Oct 2020 but, based on Canadian government recommendations re non-essential travel during Covid, we cancelled our trip.  We plan to reschedule when a vaccine is available and travel is feasible and as such emailed and phoned The Cranley many times requesting  confirmation that we will be able to apply our deposit against a future visit.  The hotel has ignored our requests for clarification.  We have stayed at the Cranley in the past and had an enjoyable stay.  This is poor way to treat a repeat customer.     ",Date of stay: October 2020,2.0
9,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or5-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Took payent and did not allow me to stay.,"I booked the hotel in April. I called two hpirs before I arrived to ensure that it would be okay due to the virus and me having financial business with the hospital nearby. I turned up and they refused to let me in saying they were being harassed by the police and it was a cleaning member of staff, or so it looked, that left me on the street without anywhere to go. They took my payments and refused to allow me in. I have proof that I was taken to the hotel by Uber, at the exact time I was meant to arrive and they still say I did not arrive. If I call now, they hang up saying they do not care. It is an awful and terrible place with staff who should not be in any position to run any form of business, let alone a hotel.",Date of stay: April 2020,1.0
10,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or10-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Most disgusting hotel experience ever,"I hardly even know where to begin, I’m so disgusted and disappointed by this hotel. I was given a room that was so dirty and run down I don’t even know how it’s legal to sell that room (and advertise it with such false photos, and claiming to be 4*). I would have just left but unfortunately my room was non-refundable. I told the receptionist I could not sleep in that dirty bed, and had to PAY for an upgrade.   The next room was cleaner, although it did smell strongly of dust and there were pubes in the bathtub. The aircon didn’t work so it was too hot in the room to wear clothes, even with the window open the entire weekend.  Breakfast didn’t show up in the morning, so I had to use the extremely dirty phone that looked like the cleaners hadn’t touched it for years to ask where…",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
11,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or10-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but not clean! ,Pros: - Good location for travelling around the city -Friendly staff -Comfortable bed  -Mini fridge  Cons: -Not clean. The carpet looked like it hadn't been hoovered. There was hair in the sink and bath and they need new linen because even though they were washed they still had stains.  ,Date of stay: August 2020,2.0
12,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or10-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A disaster & disgrace to put it frankly!,"Where to start! No communication, they spring up a surprise £50 deposit which they do not actually pay back.  The pictures are extremely complimenting because when you get there the grand a luxurious atmosphere is absolutely not there!  The room even gave me dirty vibes like there was  hair in my bath and the air just felt dusty like it hadn't been cleaned in a while!!!  I could write a story on how bad it was but i leave you with don't bother i cancelled my reservation straight away there s so many nice hotels in the area to suffer like holiday inn just down the road.",Date of stay: August 2020,1.0
13,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or10-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","The good, the bad and the ugly","We booked this hotel based on location, price and reviews. So first the Ugly..  We checked in, and were given our room key. The assigned room was awful. The bedding was dirty, the carpet was stained, the curtains were hanging off the poles, it was just terrible.  The Good. The concierge was excellent, and assigned us an upgraded room, which was very nice, although a bit dated and tired. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the heated bathroom floor was a nice surprise.  The Bad. The breakfast experience was woeful. We filled in our breakfast order the night before, and came to the breakfast room at our chosen time. We were then told that there was a 15 min wait. The waitress eventually came, and said that our breakfast order form hadn’t been found, so we ordered our…",Date of stay: August 2020,3.0
14,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or10-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",SHOCKING CUSTOMER SERVICE,"I made and paid for a booking on Lastminute.com. When arriving at the Hotel, they charged me for the room again. I have been in contact with the General Manager about receiving my refund but nothing has materialised, only lip-service.  There was no aircon in the room, no toilet paper, no coffee/tea. Not even worth browsing the website, don't waste your time. The photos do not match reality.",Date of stay: June 2020,1.0
15,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or15-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",London roaming,We stayed at The Cranley during a two week stay in London (November 2019).  The hotel is perfectly located close to all forms of transport.  Rooms are on the smallish side and the heating system had to be looked at a few times.  We did have an issue with the bathroom being flooded a couple of times with water leaking from the tap join just below the sink.  In all fairness however; any issues we had were dealt with swiftly.  Make sure you include breakfast in your package - just the start we needed for full days of sight seeing.  Staff were very attentive and friendly.  There is a drycleaner around the corner where we were able to drop off washing - same day return.  Please request the deposit to be refunded back into your bank on the day of leaving.....organise for this to…,Date of stay: November 2019,4.0
16,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or15-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",So great to get to experience The Shining in real life,"If Dante had known about the existence of The Cranley 'Hotel', he would probably have added an extra circle of hell to his Divine Comedy. Down in the deepest, darkest, trenches of hell, you will find none other than the poor, unfortunate souls who somehow end up staying at The Cranley.   What made our stay at The Cranley exceptionally unique is the fact that the staff decided to pre-authorise my credit card with 500 GBP for a leak I had supposedly created by taking a bath. This was done on top of the mandatory 50 GBP pre-authorisation the hotel appears to be asking of their guests (after already having paid). It only took 56 phones calls to Booking.com and many wonderfully unforgettable hours arguing with hotel staff for it to be reversed.   Mind you that by the time the…",Date of stay: July 2020,1.0
17,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or15-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very Friendly and Comfortable Stay,"I stayed at this hotel 5 times in 5 weeks as I was a hospital patient locally. The staff were so friendly and could not be more helpful. The room was very comfortable and clean and the food at dinner was delicious.   The only 2 things I would change - it would be nice to have tea/coffee making facilities in the room and you cannot lock the room doors from the inside (I was able to remidy this with the use of a chair under the handle). Apart from that, I cannot fault this hotel.   I would like to mention and say Thank You to Vikram, the manager who really looked after me and made sure I always had the same room.   This is a good value hotel which I would recommend and I would definitely use again.",Date of stay: June 2020,4.0
18,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or15-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Exceeded expectations,"Lovely, good sized room(s); the decor; friendly, professional staff willing to assist in making stay as good as possible (special mention for the excellent Vikram); good area to be based in/travel from. Happily recommend and look forward to return soonest.",Date of stay: July 2020,5.0
19,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or15-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay !,I was bit worried about staying at this hotel after seeing the reviews on here ! I just stayed at this hotel for 1 night with my partner .. we arrived was greeted with a nice man yes the hotel is old fashioned boutique but I quite liked rid look.. our room was nice had nice four poster bed .. my only concern was with the pillow cases had Marks on them but easily got them changed ...we didn’t receive any breakfast which was meant to get with price .. but i would stay here again good location !,Date of stay: June 2020,4.0
20,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or20-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and friendly service,"Stayed at the Cranley while on a business trip in London a few months ago. The hotel is exactly what I was looking for - quiet and cozy, spacious rooms with working space, high speed internet and very friendly and helpful staff. The hotel manager is always around. Will definitely come back.",Date of stay: March 2020,5.0
21,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or20-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!!,"Disgusting hotel, horrible staff, manager overcharged me for my room and also tried to put extra charges on my card without authorisation!! Then tried to blackmail me over the phone when I complained!!!! Worst experience of my life, still in shock!!!   Do not I repeat do not stay at this hotel under any circumstances, they are crooks!!!!!!",Date of stay: June 2020,1.0
22,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or20-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here.,"Simply put, the bedsheets were dirty. Worse still one of the stains appeared to be faeces. When the woman who checked us in  was told that this was completely unacceptable she then proceeded to blame myself and my fiance for the poor service. If my fiance hadnt asserted himself I think we would have been left with a poo stained bed. Cleaner sheets were eventually given but this should not have been delayed it should have come as standard. What's worse is this lack of cleanliness happened towards the end of a pandemic which causes me to dread to think what potential medical disaster could happen here.  I repeat do not stay here.",Date of stay: May 2020,1.0
23,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or20-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Don't waste your money.,"The Cranley Hotel has the potential to be an incredible boutique hotel within one of London's most prime and affluent areas - the key word here being potential. For when I arrived, I was met with an incredibly lacklustre attempt at luxury.  Despite the hotels beautiful facade, adorned with white and topiary, it soon became apparent that this was one of many overcompensations made my the hotelier.  Myself and my friend were met at the Lobby, a tiny wooden desk with a monitor, as we arrived. I was asked to give my ID for scanning, to which I obliged, and to pay a £50 holding deposit. The lady returned after some time with my ID, and supplied us our key. A very basic but sufficient greeting but as long as I get a room at the end of it, I am quite happy. I do admit that I expected…",Date of stay: March 2020,2.0
24,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or20-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",AWFUL HOTEL,"Arrived before check in & knowing we couldn’t get our rooms(had 3 booked) polite girl on desk showed us where to put our luggage. Arrived later that night and we were informed one of the rooms was *broken* which we couldn’t get correct answer as to why(language barrier)& a replacement hotel was available 20 minutes away in a taxi for 1 of our group. Asked to see other rooms and were given keys,rooms were unlocked and 1 room had both windows wide open(it was cold that night)!!!! Used water bottle in bathroom,1 small hand towel,empty toilet roll on holder and very tired and dirty looking. Bedroom carpet very threadbare,old bed covers & dirty looking headboard,nothing like the hotels website. Very misleading!! Whole hotel needs a complete makeover and it could be a beautiful hotel.…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
25,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or25-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"DO NOT STAY HERE.  Booked three rooms. Arrived midday and left luggage as rooms not ready - polite receptionist and looked OK from exterior but very tired/dodgy looking interior, felt dank and unclean. Returned after theatre to be told only two rooms available by gentleman with very poor english who said sorry one room was ""broken"" and that one of our party had been booked into another hotel 20 minutes taxi away!  We were given keys for the other two rooms (no point really as they were unlocked when we got to them) Rooms tired, damp, bathroom unhygienic and only one measly little towel on offer.  Returned to reception and requested that we all be put up in the alternative hotel as not acceptable to send one lady alone across London to another hotel.  The guy called other hotel…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
26,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or25-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely awful,"This is by far the worst hotel I’ve stayed in. Damp in rooms.(see pictures). Thread bare and terrible stained carpets everywhere. Broken furniture in the rooms and curtain rails. View from windows was interesting. We had large commercial waste bin with rubbish straight on the window. Other stored rubbish under decking area, including a rodent box. Needless to say we kept the curtains closed. There was no tea or coffee making in the room. This has been the first place I’ve ever experienced no facilities.  Staff using spare room at night, they were clearly smoking in the room that filled the corridor with smell of smoke too. The kitchen seemed to be very noisy with staff appearing to be constantly arguing or shouting.   Breakfast was continental, so this meant toast, brioche buns…",Date of stay: March 2020,1.0
27,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or25-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The Cranley has seen better times,"When my wife and I first came to London from NY back in 1991 to look for a home we stayed for a week at The Cranley. Great neighbourhoody feeling, traditional Brit, old school in good taste. We then became London residents for almost 30 years. And it was only this month that, now as a tourist, I came back to the hotel. Much to my surprise, the hotel had the same curtains, carpets, wallpaper, furniture and bathrooms of 30 years ago. I don’t mean the same style. I mean the same furnishings ! Literally. Tired, my English friends would say. Disgustingly rotten is what I saw (I attach some pics I took while in a burst of aesthetic rage). Such a pity. The neighbourhood is still lovely, and the location top notch for public transport. And the price looked cheap for the area at £120 a…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
28,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or25-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel ever! Not 4*!!,"Dirty and disgusting. The picture on the website is false and not giving the right picture of the hotel. Maximum 2*! We booked 4 rooms and they all was really dirty. I travel a lot around the world in my job, and too be honest, this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Really bad! We were not the only ones complaining over dirty rooms!! Every Day there was someone complaining. Sorry for the staff who have to deal with this! Never again and I suggest you to book an other hotel. ",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
29,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or25-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The photos are in no way accurate.,"This was probably a good hotel once. I feel like the hotel booking sites catfished me hard! The photos look decent, the hotel is in Kensington and is listed as a 3 or 4 star. However, on arriving I instantly felt something was off. The reception was shabby and rather than a reception there was a single, cluttered desk next to a ramshackle collection of old armchairs (later to be labelled the dining room). They asked me to leave a cash deposit which hadn’t been mentioned at booking.   On getting to the room, much of it needed a lot of TLC. Stains on the headboard are not the first thing you want to notice.... But, we went out for the day hoping that after 1st impressions it might look better later.   It didn’t. When we got back in the evening it was now sweltering hot. Bear in…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
30,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or30-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t book here!! If you have cancel it!,"This hotel may have been good... a long time ago. I booked a ‘superior double’, and all I can say is what a dump! The carpet in the room has clearly never seen a hover or had a clean! Everything is falling apart - £50 deposit for additional charges, I’ve stayed at actual 5* hotels where they don’t charge half this for a deposit! Grim all round!",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
31,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or30-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very Unclean.,"Booked this hotel for my Birthday get away. When we arrived the check in desk was in the middle of the hallway, looking very out of place. When we got into the room, it looked very outdated. Poor paint work/wallpaper peeling. The window was left open so there was flies in the room. The Bed covers had stains at the bottom. One pillow had blood or mould on the cover (could not tell) The bathroom looked like it wasn't cleaned. We did not feel safe staying at this hotel. For £99 this hotel was not fit for purpose. We asked the manager for a refund. He kept telling us he will sort us out another room. We did not want this. In the end we left without a refund and had to find a replacement hotel. This hotel is NOT a 4 star hotel. Currently awaiting for a reply from the general manager…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
32,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or30-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A nightmare of a hotel !!! Filthy and Broken,"What a nightmare, my husband and I booked for a weekend away. Booked the “Penthouse” for £170. The guy at reception asked us for £50 cash at check in. That should have rang alarm bells. Apparently people had run off without paying for food. We handed it over as we were desperate to get into our room. It was a mess..food left on the sofa in the lounge. Bed was not made properly and the whole room looked like something out of steptoe and son. We left but they wouldn’t give us a refund. Instead were asked to wait and they will clean the room. 2 months in and the hotel manager has not even bothered to respond to emails  We are taking legal action. Will post pics thereafter. Avoid !!!!! ",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
33,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or30-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Poor customer service,"Very poor customer service!  Giving an unsatisfactory review due to the fact that we had to cancel due to a family bereavement.  We emailed 4 times, phoned the hotel about 6 times to try and cancel due to the unforeseen circumstances but they did not respond to any emails or when they eventually answered the phone we were put through to a different department who either didn't answer or promised to call back and never did.  Doesn't hold out much hope for the customer service at the hotel.  Very poor i would not recommend.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
34,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or30-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Relieved,"One night stay booked for myself & daughter by my husband at The Collonade Hotel (reviews were awful, unfortunately he did not read!) on arrival they had had a flood and couldn’t accommodate us so offered to move us to the Cranley and pay for the taxi.  The reviews were also not good but we felt no choice but to try.  The hotel is obviously antiquated but also quite cosy!  We were shown a choice of two rooms, the first was not very nice and bathroom was mouldy, the second room although up 4/5 flights of stairs (no lift) was large , decorated nicely and although some bits needed some attention it was overall not bad.  The bathroom was clean and there were clean towels, toiletries, tissues etc. It was well aired and although not over hot comfortable enough.  The bedding was clean…",Date of stay: February 2020,3.0
35,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or35-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",No twin or housekeeping ,"I specifically booked this hotel via Expedia as a twin room was available. When we eventually accessed the room it was set up as a double. Disappointing and the staff couldn’t find the room key, no toilet paper and the window covered in putty. Although it was two mattresses zipped together the reception told us there were no spare quilts. Room was roasting hot and carpet needed replacing as stained and damp. Coffee ok in morning but no pastries (Lidl?) left. Requested twin set up 3 times to various staff. Arrived back late after going to a show to find room not made up at all (as photo) as the housekeeper hadn’t been in work. I wasn’t happy. The person on duty was apologetic and found a quilt so we made up the room ourselves. I asked to see the hotel manager next morning as I…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
36,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or35-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn’t stop again!,"Upon arrival, we had to wait 15 minutes before getting a key. We were not early so our rooms should have been ready. We were sat in the dining area whilst we waited, to be fair we were offered a drink.  Although this is minor the keys were on a huge weight bearing key ring so you have no option but to leave your keys with the hotel as you could not physically carry them around. The bathroom was damp and walls were crumbling (see photo). The carpets were stained and in desperate need of a clean.  The hotel has menus to the front and in the bedrooms of a Persian cuisine, however do not offer this!!!! When asked about this I was told to speak with management.  At breakfast time we again had to wait 15 minutes as there was no room. The dining area is extremely small for the number…",Date of stay: February 2020,2.0
37,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or35-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",'the Hotel Inspector would die if she saw this hotel,"Poor check in process, taking of additional deposits and ID photocopied and kept in insecure places. Bed with a dirty headboard, dirty carpets in room and a bathroom that was pretty horrendous. No kettle or drinks in the room. Service was non existent and breakfast was total chaos.  Fawlty Towers sprung to mind. Dirty breakfast tables, no glasses, no serviettes, no refill of juices, milk and cutlery.  Incorrect drink brought after having to request twice.  What more can I say....  A bunch of clowns running this quite beautiful place that just needs some paint, a few renewed fixtures and staff that know what they are doing,",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
38,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or35-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible hotel and staff,"Me and my girlfriend spent 3 nights in the cranley hotel and it was our worst stay in any hotel to date. They advertise full English breakfast but there is no hot food except toast. The rest of the breakfast includes yogurts(bought cheap in sainsbury's) and pastrys(not homemade, but also store bought and not fresh) the heating wasnt working in our room and the manager just said to use the plug in heater which was very load when being used. The room and shower were dirty, with limescale all over the shower head. I left 'do not disturbe' sign on hotel door throughout the entire stay and staff still entered our room while we were away in the city. When I complained to staff about all these issues they were very rude. Would not reccomend this hotel to anybody its terrible and dirty…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
39,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or35-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE,.. U MAY ACTUALLY CATCH IT HERE","Had a poor dining experience here, bought a groupon voucher and the food was nothing as pictured,. Im assuming the menu we was given was for the groupon deal only ,... Or more so i very much hope so .. it had 3 options for starters 3 options for mains and 3 options for deserts.  We opted for the hummus and halloumi and order extra pitta bread. The waitress took our choice and arrived back shortly with 2 plates each with a bowl of hummus which was quite grainy and 2 pieces of  pitta each..... The halloumi was nowhere to be seen ,. When  i asked the waitress she then chose to let us know they was out of halloumi... I did mention she should have really let us know this when we was ordering or at least before bringing the starter and hoping we wouldnt notice.  5 minutes later into…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
40,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or40-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Worst hotel I’ve ever stayed in,"I only ever review exceptional or terrible places and have never had to write a terrible review before . This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in . 1) when you arrive the reception area is filthy  2) the check in staff can’t cope with more than one couple and we waited nearly 30 mins to check in 3) they want £50 cash or £50 charged ( not held ) against a card which they say they will refund - I wouldn’t trust they would  4) first room filthy - hairs in Bath and floor , bed sheets stained .  5) moved to second room - marginally better but still stained head board , carpet . Fridge that doesn’t work , no tea and coffee making facilities 6) breakfast - not enough seats for everyone - when you do sit down , takes them ages to clear the table but don’t expect it to be wiped…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
41,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or40-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy,Do not stay here. It was disgusting. The bedroom was filthy as was the bathroom. The communal areas are grotty as well. We found it so bad we walked out and didn't stay here.  THIS PLACE MUST BE AVOIDED LIKE THE PLAGUE.,Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
42,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or40-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,Was sceptical coming here for afternoon tea as I had read the reviews. Booking on the phone was difficult - was told 'we are very busy'. Arrived and the receptionist who could not speak english well told us there was a problem with the kitchen so we could not have our booked afternoon tea.  Unimpressed to say the least,Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
43,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or40-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The rot is setting in,This was always our favorite hotel in London. Well they will not see us again. This hotel is so rundown. When we checked in the room smelled mouldy. Decided  to open windows for fresh air. Outside the window black rubbish bags were stacked more than halfway up against the wall and window. The interior walls were also showing signs of damp and the carpet was black with mold. Called reception and asked to be moved which they did to a room on the same floor with less mould. Cannot believe how this hotel has deteriorated and then they had the audacity to say that I was satisgied after they moved me. They avoided me at all costs!!!!,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
44,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or40-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"Booked via Lastminute.com secret hotels which is usually good but sadly not this time. You do have to wonder if the mentality is that as you paid less you get less. Not what I would call a 4 star hotel. Air conditioning didn't work, mould on the bathroom walls and ceiling. Stains on 2 of the 3 chairs and the headboards, dark marks on one pillow, an empty mini bar, no robes (superior room?) and no tea/ coffee making facilities. I booked for a special occasion and will not be doing so again. Very poor.",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
45,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or45-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea (Red Letter Days),"Went here today for afternoon tea. Arrived the receptionist was very dismissive and rude. Sent us into the dining area which was a very dated dusty room, and had a dead goldfish in the bowl definitely not chic.  We sat down and then they eventually bought us the afternoon tea. The sandwiches were soo dry and curled up with fillings that were questionable thin slice of cheap ham and other disgusting fillings. The cakes were definitely from a packet al the same flavour and so were the scones which were warmed and rock hard. Dusted with some icing sugar.  No plates, cutlery or even a tea spoon were given I had to ask for a plate and then go and get my own cutlery.  When we told the receptionist that we were not happy he was mortified as if we shouldn’t have said a thing saying the…",Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
46,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or45-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking!!!!!,The Reception is a dirty desk with overflowing waste bins. Passport photocopied!!  Asked for £50.00 security in case I smoked or broke anything!!! Dirty bed linen..Dirty Stained furniture....Stained warned out carpet.. Stained curtains.. Stains on bathroom floor... No television... No Tea/coffe facilities..  Stayed in the room just for the time it took me to book a room somewhere also!! This Hotel advertise it’s self as a four stars.. The conditions that I have experienced make it unfit to operate!!,Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
47,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or45-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,Stayed at this hotel for one night. Room threadbear carpets and curtains. Mill dew on ceilings and walls. Chair in bedroom dirty and arm torn.. no coffee or tea facilities. Non existing breakfast when we asked if we could have tea and coffee was told that they couldn’t provide it as no house keeper. Shocking way to treat there guests,Date of stay: February 2020,1.0
48,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or45-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother with this place!,"Booked a superior room for £92 on a Friday in Jan. Arrived to chaos, three couples trying to check in. (Apparently this does not normally happen in London hotels). So after 10 mins of listening to the scramble to find the bookings in the shoddy and dirty front lounge, it was out turn. I had to show photo ID, which was instantly taken out of sight to be cloned or sold to th mafia or maybe photocopied, no idea. After some poor chap then spend another 5 mins arguing about a mon feather duvet he ordered.....and did not get. We were told they had our booking. It was a superior room! Ace. That is what I had booked. Ah. No said the chap to the lady. 103 is standard. ""There you go sir your superior, room 103, if you want to upgrade we have other rooms. Ace. I booked a superior, why do I…",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
49,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or45-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea for Two (Virgin Experience Day),"Dirty fixtures & broken furnishings. Service levels very poor. Afternoon Tea consisted of badly made sandwich fingers with dubious filings (salmon was brown - processed ham etc) with what looked like shop bought fudge cake and other packet cakes and scones that had been warmed up with icing suger on. Pot of coffee turned up as a cup of coffee.  Once Afternoon Tea was served, we never saw another member of staff, so we couldn't make a complaint at the hotel, we just left very dissapointed as this was a gift.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
50,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or50-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid,A mis-sold offering. Photos do not resemble current state of hotel. Rooms were dirty and staff ignorant. Do not stay here. The location is the only good thing hence 1 star but i would have felt cleaner sleeping on a park bench.,Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
51,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or50-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Horrible, filthy.","I booked this hotel thinking it was a four star, boy was that a lie.  I stay in about 40 hotels a year and have been doing so for the past 12 years and this hotel was the most filthy place I’ve stayed.  I couldn’t even sleep because I was so worried about the filth.  I’m so happy I only had to stay one evening.  I get older building and older furnishing but that has nothing to do with cleanliness.  My bedding had dried blood stains, headboard was stained, carpet filthy and to top it off the door lock was missing.  Just a hole in the door where the key hole should have been.  This is not a 4 star not even close.  Stay away!!!",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
52,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or50-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The Worst Hotel I have ever used,"Room, Appalling,Shower cold,decor old ,window broken, Breakfast appalling, toast and cereals in a tacky horrible room, Huge pile of dirty bedding outside bedroom during the whole of our stay. Urghh, The staff although pleasant seemed totally embarrassed to be there",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
53,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or50-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel da incubo,"How can you be still open?  GROUPON reservation was a scam , we booked a double superior room and this is what we got ( pictures attached ) hairs everywere,bathroom dorty, old moquette smelling, dust everywhere,pillows from ww2 , we asked to check out because was not healty to stay there but no refunds so and all they did was moving from 4th floor to the 1st , in a bigger room, same old and dirty as the other, i did not even asked for breakfast cause i was really disgusting and it was difficult to fall asleep because of the dirt... judge yourself via the pictures below if this is a 4 star hotel or a mouse hole .  JANUARY 2020, NEVER AGAIN",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
54,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or50-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing location and very sweet hotel!,"I had a super stay at this little hotel. The staff were so obliging to change my room for one with a bath and although it is a little tired and could do with a lick of paint here and there, it was adorable. I loved the atmosphere and the room. I had room 401 which was sweet, cozy and I slept safe and soundly. Great price for a sweet location. In the heart of Chelsea. Good find! I’ll be back! Breakfast was an added bonus for the price for London!",Date of stay: January 2020,4.0
55,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or55-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",It's a 0 Star,"Awful. Dirty and a con. DO NOT STAY HERE. The pictures online are from some years ago. Please don’t be fooled, and please don’t spend your money as you won’t get it back. I had better service in a Travelodge. 4 star? Absolutely not",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
56,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or55-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Awful.,"This place was dire. It was a catalogue of failures from start to end. First of all, I paid for a ""superior room,” but the one I was presented with could only be described as a “room.""After I saw the listing on lastminute.com I went to the hotel’s website to check the photos and after seeing how nice it looked, I made my booking. The accommodation I found on arrival was a far cry from the photos on the website. It’s blatant misrepresentation. I can’t believe they are allowed to do that. It’s not boutique, shabby.   The heating was not working. I could almost see my breath on the air! At no point was I warned of this, or offered a heater, although the staff had their own one at reception. I had to sleep in all my clothes and use my own coat as another blanket. The headboard of my…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
57,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or55-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Appalling, avoid","The hotel is tired and the hotel's website definitely does not reflect what is on offer. The fabric headboards of the bed were dirty and stained; the one tiny pillow provided was damp and smelled of many visitors! The hotel website shows a wonderful full english breakfast; this is not actually available!  Continental breakfast consists of toast only. The flatscreen tv was not, the rooms advertised a/c did not actually exist and to top it all, booking.com charged 2.5 times the same room available on agoda. In the morning, the burley tattooed cleaner who did not speak very good english, let herself in whilst we were still getting ready at 0930. Avoid at all costs.",Date of stay: January 2020,1.0
58,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or55-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Total Disgrace,"This hotel was a jewel in its day-Its now run by a bunch of cheap bandits who simply look at the bottom line-Cheap shampoo, bed linen and no maintenance at all. Filthy stains on carpets in drawing room, more stains in bedroom. Badly paid cleaners work here who have absolutely no idea how a Hotel should be kept. A total and absolute disgrace.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
59,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or55-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Anniversary,"Terrible experience my husband booked this hotel for our anniversary, on arriving the receptionis was sat by the front door go into the lift and carpestare filthy, then the rooms are discusting. Dust ripped curtains floors not been hoovered, spoke to receptionist and she gave us another room which was more dirty than the first so I ask for a refund as i am allergic to dust she says she can't do anything, manager impossible to speak to they completely ruined our anniversary",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
60,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or60-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly staff, but facilities need a big looking at","First and foremost, the staff were friendly. We did however get a phone call 20 minutes before check out asking what time we intended on leaving, which felt like we were being rushed out. We also got a knock on the door at 10.30 from the cleaner asking if we wanted out room cleaned, which I reminded her we were checking out at 12, so in general it felt like we were being rushed out of our room in the morning.   The services and facilities need scrutinising with a fine tooth comb. For a start when we checked in, our room floor looked like it hadn't been vaccumed. There were big, very noticeable bits of rubbish on the carpet including cotton buds. The headboard of the bed was also very stained with presumably other people's sweat. So maybe that needs replacing for a solid wood one…",Date of stay: January 2020,3.0
61,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or60-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wow,"We decided to see in New Years in together in London, something sophisticated and special with an overnight stay so not to be travelling on the last or first trains.   We settled on a Hotel in South Kensington, a great place to go for dinner and drinks and booked our stay at The Crawley Hotel. The photos showed a lovely well looked after hotel, the reviews were poor to say the least. We didn’t think that hotel could or would be that bad and we were only staying for one night so decided to give it a go.  When we arrived it was clear to us that the photos were old and the hotel wasn’t looking its best, there was a shabby desk upon the entrance for checking into the hotel and the member of staff wasn’t overly interested in engaging with us.   Our room was dirty and run down and the…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
62,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or60-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",4 star ? Don’t think so.,"Spend two nights here between Xmas & new year. £307, says 4 star but wouldn’t of thought so. The staff were pleasant, bed made, room cleaned and clean towels, good. The mini fridge had nothing in it, the window was broken and taped up with brown sticky tape, room was very run down in need of decorating and modernising. It’s either Georgian or Victorian and the furniture looks as though it’s from that period. Best thing is look at the photos.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
63,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or60-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Be careful. It s a scam.,"We used this hotel over the years but had not been for 5 years. In the meantime it has changed hands and unrecognisable inside. The website still shows how it used to be. It is false representation. They catch you with a cheap no cancellation price offer. The rooms are filthy dirty, bathrooms rusty with dirty floors, carpets terribly stained. One towel only, 2 miserable pillows and bed not made. The woman in charge is extremely unpleasant and obviously used to receiving complaints. I have reported to Health and Safety and to Trading Standards. Stay away is our advice...",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
64,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or60-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel in shabby state of disrepair !,"This hotel was terrible!  Overpriced !  Shabby state of disrepair and worn-out furniture!  No consistency in service.  Towels worn and insufficient, no hand towels, or washcloths!     Towel warming rack not working!  limited stingy amenities!  one tiny round bar of soap, sometimes conditioner appeared, sometimes not.  Paint peeling, draperies worn.  Bug on mirror!  Breakfast was meager! and limited to toast & coffee, and a yoghurt!  abysmal for a ""luxury"" hotel!  This used to be a lovely boutique hotel a decade ago, maybe the original photos are on the website, but the current state of disrepair in the hotel was deeply disappointing!    Staff were cordial, but were limited to what the owners allow them to provide.  The dining room had relatively new upholstered chairs, which…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
65,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or65-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Awful, awful, awful.","Arrived at hotel around 3pm only to be told our room wasn’t ready and come back in 2 hours.  We came back much later after seeing a show in the west end.  Our room was right next to the dining room, looked nothing like the photos. Check in was a disaster we were given some one else’s details to sign and it took forever to get through. Once actually getting into our room it was grim. The carpets are very heavily stained, the bathroom is mucky and very tired and the toilet had poo stains still in it.  We noticed the bed had only one pillow each so requested a further two. Waited over an hour and still no additional pillows so had to request again. They did eventually find some, but it was very late. There was no mattress protector or pillow protectors on the bedding, no coffee or…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
66,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or65-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",NOT SUITABLE FOR HUMAN HABITATION ,"By far the worst hotel I’ve ever stayed in. Filthy dirty room. In a state of dis repair. Awful staff. Zero customer service. Do not be fooled by the pictures on the booking sites! Please see pictures below for what to expect. Judging by the other reviews for this hotel it was definitely not a one off. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. I made a written complaint via email after my stay, over a week later I’m still to have any response or acknowledgement even after chasing. I struggle to see how they have a 4* rating 1* would be very generous. ",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
67,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or65-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Run now!,"Forget it, run now! Don’t be fooled by the pictures! 4 post bed looks good, its 2 very stained singles zipped together and it creaks too. Toilet leaked on floor, ceiling leaked, dust and dirt everywhere. They ran out of breakfast items everyday, i think it was run by backpackers. Very memorable for all the wrong reasons. 1/5 September 2019",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
68,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or65-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",So disappointed. ,"I booked an afternoon tea as a treat for 3 of my friends via groupon. I booked it through the booking tool on groupon and got a confirmation email. So today I took them for their surprise. Well it certainly was a surprise. They insisted they had no booking for us even though I showed them a print out of the email.  They said we couldn't have anything there but we could come back next week if we wanted to. We asked to see a manager and they said there wasnt one there!!! Needlwss to say we are not hping back next week, or ever. I have had my groupon refunded. Avoid!!!!",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
69,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or65-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Check when you make reservation before visiting,"Booked via GROUPON a Rib Eye steak for two at the CRANLEY HOTEL restaurant. Received a definite confirmation of the booking 9/12/19 at 1630. I have all the documents. It took us about 1.5 hrs. to get across London to find the place. Menu clearly advertised outside the building. Went in and was told, ""sorry we closed months ago and we informed GROUPON""!!!. Receptionist signed voucher stating this fact. So back to hotel, another 1.5hrs struggle in the cold and rain, as if GROUPON cares. Contacted Groupon and was told "" I just need to see email confirmation from the partner business that your voucher hasn’t been serviced.  If you can forward this confirmation from the partner"".  I had to contact the CRANLEY to get cfm that voucher had not been used and the restaurant had closed.…",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
70,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or70-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very tired hotel,"The Cranley Hotel has clearly been a very nice hotel some years ago but is now in dire need of refurbishment. The headboard was dirty and the carpets looked worn and in need of replacement. Bathroom fittings were old and the previous occupants used shower gel and shampoo were left in the shower. No tea or coffee in the room, which seems pretty basic. The photographs of the rooms on their website certainly did not represent the condition of my room, which was basically shabby and tired.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
71,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or70-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Far below expectations,"Very poorly maintained room 102, leak in bathroom with dripping taps. Worn and cracked curtains, window sill in solution. Poor cleaning, the most stubborn room I've stayed in.  Did not change rooms, on the grounds that no other rooms had better quality - sad if correct, sad if fake",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
72,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or70-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Tired,"This hotel is in a lovely location, but the place is in immediate need of refurbishment. We felt the place was dirty and the decor very tired. In the executive room, the curtain was hanging off the pole, giving the local residents a great view in. There were only two towels in the bathroom and no handtowels, the bedroom electrics hadn't been tested since 2013. Most concerningly, we were unable to lock our door from the inside, so the room was open all night, and we had to barricade ourselves in, Home Alone style to prevent intruders. A place with great potential, but needs time and money spent on it.  Trio advisor: couldn't delete a dress photo accidentally placed.",Date of stay: December 2019,2.0
73,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or70-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Horrendous Hotel!,"Bedding is so dirty- pillows and duvets were covered in blood, pubes and hair.  Carpets looked as if they hadn’t been cleaned in weeks- we couldn’t walk barefoot around our room due to the debris and dirt that got stuck to our feet.  If you can- change your stay!   The only plus is that the hotel is in a good location- close to the Piccadilly line.",Date of stay: December 2019,1.0
74,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or70-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"Booked  afternoon tea via buy a gift .com as a gift from my husband, we were very disappointed, disgusting service, chipped tea pots... clotted cream had been microwaved... the whole experience was vile, the staffs  attitude was horrible,",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
75,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or75-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Gone down hill,"We've stayed here several times over the last you few years, but this will be the last untill its standards improve. On check in I was waiting at least 20mins behind two other frustrated guests and the gentleman on the desk ran back and forth photocopying Id, and trying to find a working card machine, the rooms were not ready so had to be checked by the same gent for both guests in front, whilst i was still waiting to check in another guest asked for his passport back which caused more confussion, and another woman was told to ring her husband to find out what room she was in as he wouldn't look on the system!!!  Once I finally made it past check in (steped over the heater wire)and got to the room was pleased with the size it was spacious and the linen was clean, however the…",Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
76,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or75-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not a good choice,We bought this one night through Groupon for £95 (superior executive room with continent breakfast). We booked in August and looking at the main hotel site it looked like a luxury hotel and a good deal. How wrong can one be! The photos on their site are nothing like the room or breakfast area. There was a smell of damp as we went down to our room (507). The radiators were blocked at ‘off’ and there was damp creeping up on the wall in the bathroom. One shabby arm chair in a corner and areas of damp on the floor. One flat pillow each but two on a cupboard. No extra available! Some of the staff do not speak English very well. Reception area is very small and cramped.   I would certainly avoid this hotel as it is in need of a massive makeover and should not have the wrong photos on…,Date of stay: November 2019,2.0
77,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or75-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Michele,"SHOCKING !!! No heating, dirty dusty carpets in bedroom curtains hanging off their poles only one towel each in bathroom no hand towels, no tea/coffee facilities , asked for an extra pillow as only one supplied on two occasions !! They didn’t bother! Customer service non existent rude surly staff! ! Arrived 10.02am for continental breakfast and was told were too late !! Fly on croissants that were left uncovered . Husband had a flea bite on his cheek after lying on the bed! Plus they take a £50 off your card on arrival which I’ve heard people saying they’ve had trouble getting back or have had to wait ages! Avoid this hotel at all costs it’s a 2 bed b&b not a 4 star as they describe !!!!",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
78,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or75-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",£50 unexpected ‘deposit’ not returned,On arrival I was asked for £50 as a returnable deposit despite having paid for the room in full on Booking.com This remains unreturned four weeks later despite 3 emails and 3 phone calls! Please be warned!,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
79,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or75-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","AVOID - A high price, poor quality clip joint.","Really disappointing and the pictures and headline rate grossly misrepresent the offer here. The pictures bear no resemblance to the rooms on offer here.    I just don't know how the reviews have this ranked as anything above 'Terrible'.  The rooms are dirty. The cupboard doors were hanging off.  As were the curtains.  The headline rate of ""£300"" is simply larceny.   The heating clearly hasn't been working for weeks and there isnt even a kettle in the room. A noisy fan heater was grudgingly offered but then could'nt manage to keep the room warm.   Lots of staff wandering in and out of the back office but none of them doing anything useful or engaged in service to the customer.   Finally and of note, the person checking in behind me had his credit card stopped simply for giving…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
80,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or80-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The worst experience ever,"First of all I would say that the price of the rooms are too high for the services offered.   Dirty rooms (I even found a bug in my bed), unhygienic bathrooms and all too old décor. Not to mention the general malaise of the staff probably due to the bad treatment received by their superiors. Even managers behave unconsit towards customers. How can we expect employees to be friendly if their superiors are not? I strongly do NOT recommend this ""hotel"" to anyone.",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
81,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or80-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Health and safety need to visit,"I reiterate all other reviews, i was allocated a room on the 3rd floor, heating did not work really cold room on my return in the evening. The windows were rotten and did not have any restrictors on them,which made me feel very uneasy. The bath panel was rotten wood which probably had wood worm. I did not use the shower as I was worried the they more than likely had not completed any legionella testing !!!!!! All the carpets throughout were threadbare and a trip hazard and absolutely filthy, it is such a shame that whoever owns it has not invested any money into it as it could be so lovely. It certainly let Kensington and Chelsea borough down. Breakfast was a shambles and the coffee was awful. It did not give me any confidence in the evening on returning to the hotel of it being…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
82,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or80-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",ITS NOT LIKE THE WEBSITE!!!!,Booked through Last minute.com & now wishing I’d checked trip advisor first!  Reception is as many reviewers have said - a desk blocking the stairs. There was initially no record of our booking but eventually this was found.  Reception & dining area tired & tatty with peeling paint & filthy carpet.  Room was very tired with a broken window & ripped curtains.   Bathroom again tatty & tired with very few toiletries  The bed was comfy - I’ll give them that.  What is a beautiful building & probably a lovely hotel once has been very neglected.  Embarrassed that visitors to London May think that this is what we class as a four star hotel.,Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
83,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or80-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible terrible terrible,"THE WORST hotel I've ever set my foot to. THE WORST! DON'T GO THERE! It's a trap! Everything, and I mean everything is really really dirty, even the walls! Brown stains all over bedding and curtains and walls. Water tap broken, windows broken, no heating. I was there three days ago and still cannot believe that this nightmare is not shutdown for good by sanitary inspection. DON'T GO THERE!!",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
84,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or80-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Decaying and disappointing,"I have no doubt that this was once a fine hotel. It remains very pretty, with glorious high ceilings and a traditional décor with interesting accents, and it is in an excellent location in the heart of my old neighbourhood of Kensington.  But its glory days are long gone. The hotel is let down right from the start by the old and filthy carpet just past the check-in desk and extending into the lift. The industrial carpet is an off-putting tan colour that even when new would have seemed out of place with the otherwise elegant decor. Now, with splotches of dirt, seams showing and heavy wear, it signals immediately that no one is really invested in caring for this hotel.  The Cranley lacks many of the amenities that one takes for granted in hotels in this price range: no coffee or…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
85,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or85-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Give this one a wide berth!,"The minute we walked in we realised that this hotel was of a very low standard.  Their reception was a desk with a computer just inside the front door which partially blocked the way to the stairs and lift. We had booked an Executive room through Booking.com and after being asked for a £50 cash deposit were shown to our room.  It was shabby and about 8 ft square with a double bed and a miniscule en-suite with a door handle that fell off.  When we went back to reception we asked if that was their executive room standard.  Miraculously they did have an executive room with a king sized bed, about three times the size but not to a very good standard. The first room was obviously a ‘try on’.  There was however a decent sized TV, a fridge and a hairdryer.  The en-suite had seen better…",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
86,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or85-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Hard to describe how bad it is,"I don’t think there’s anything that hasn’t already been said about this hotel that I didn’t find to be true. It should be shut down for both honesty and hygiene standards. When I was there, I also overheard staff saying that in order to combat the bad reviews they were putting on their own 5 star reviews. When you actually scroll through the reviews of this place you can periodically see this sudden and inexplicable cluster of 5 stars in action. Don’t fall for it; it’s them.",Date of stay: November 2019,1.0
87,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or85-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A hidden gem,"Very well located, nice charming boutique hotel. The staff was excellent, breakfast, reception and housekeeping. We stayed over a week and really felt like home. We spoke to the general manager occasionally who was very welcoming, helpful and friendly. Big Bus tours stop was just a short walk away. Basic continental breakfast was complimentary which was a plus and few times we bought the full English at a supplement. The hotel is a bit old but clean and good size room. We were a bit reluctant due to some reviews but had a great experience  and very good value for money. Definitely will be back and recommend.to everyone.",Date of stay: October 2019,5.0
88,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or85-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointment London Hotel,"My wife and I booked for one night through Booking.Com. The hotel was advertised as a boutique hotel. The room was dirty, wall paper peeling off the walls, and only one curtain on the widow so no privacy. Breakfast next morning was no better. the room was advertised as breakfast included. The included was tea, coffee, orange juice, cereal, and toast. If you want a cooked breakfast you have to pay extra. Needless to say we wont be going back.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
89,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or85-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely not a 4 star hotel more like a -4.,The hotel is run down and poorly managed.  Everything is musty and unclean.  Old food was left in refrigerator and on top of frig. Asked management to remove and clean the room but they did not remove the old food.  We thought about moving hotels but we did not have the time or money to waste.  Breakfast was included but it wasn't even worth it. STALE!,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
90,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or90-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Historic,"Very historical and enjoyed reading the history . Staff need customer service training . Given key to our room only to find someone in it . Given another , vacuum cleaner was the door stop to the passage.  Filthy carpet , 4 different carpets in ,room . Peeling paint ,mould . Breakfast was below average . Nothing in the room fridge,  a tray and one glass. No tea making facilities . Shame as good area .",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
91,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or90-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice boutique hotel in quiet spot in London.,"Lovely stay in Boutique style hotel in London. Quiet and comfy room, the staff were very friendly and gave excellent service. You feel well looked with really good personal feel which is a bonus in London.",Date of stay: October 2019,4.0
92,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or90-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",London Visit,"This hotel is not managed well, there is no heating it is in need of a good clean and attention to detail is lacking. The staff are very unfriendly and the manager is next to useless. All they are interested in is money. Location is good, hotel is not, look for alternative hotels in the same area and please look at TripAdvisor before you book, that is the mistake I made.Also there is another 2 families wanting their money back as we speak.",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
93,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or90-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Worst Hotel in London,Booked through secret escapes and discovered a dreadful hotel . Visiting for the John Meyer concert do only had to suffer this appalling place for two nights . Couldn’t lock the door from the inside of the room but seriously can’t even begin to list how bad this hotel is . My strong advice to anyone considering this place is to avoid.,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
94,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or90-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",4* lol,"This hotel says it's a 4 star, never in a million years it's more like 2 at most. Reception staff not helpful at all speak broken English. Heating not working at all during staff which we reported from day 1 and all we were told it's being fixed tomorrow.  Cleanliness is awful. Stained carpets throughout the hotel and the main staircase was filthy. There had been a piece of paper on it for 3 days. The paint work was aky hair, dust muck disgusting. Continental breakfast was laughable. Coffee came by the cup and never offered another. The offering was fruit juice, cheap yogurts and pastries (2 types) and toast and jam no marmalade. On our last morning there was a leak coming through the ceiling above the bay window which we reported, they didn't seem interested. The plus points…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
95,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or95-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Don’t go, the picture are deceitful on the web","We never so such poor hotel which rate as a four stars, the room was unclean and dusty and very old windows haven’t been clean since never it seems. The poor girl in the desk didn’t know what to do with all people that checked in and complained. We got our money back at list that and run away",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
96,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or95-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely horrible ,"Went for a weekend with my mother. Terrible service. Totally overpriced! It felt like a cheap place and without a doubt falling apart.  The service was lousy. It was such a shame. You can tell it once was a lovely place, but whoever the management is now is just taking advantage of its guests. Do not waste your money here! ",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
97,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or95-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",STOP! Don’t book this hotel!!,"We knew we were in trouble the minute we walked through the front door! The entrance was filthy and the filth continued into our room! Furniture was soiled, fabric headboard was yellow and gray with filth and oils; “king-sized” bed was two twin mattresses pushed together; mold and mildew in tub/shower and sink; carpeting was disgusting....We had booked this hotel for 5 nights and stayed only 1 night losing over &1,000 USD but it was well worth the move. Manager cared not an iota when we checked out in less than 12 hours after checking in even when we told her our room was filthy. Trip-Advisor needs to give this hotel a much lower rating than the 3.5 they have been given! If I could do a “zero” I would! Do not be fooled by this rating or the pictures!! This place could be…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
98,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or95-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing - High Carbs Breakfast,"The ad showed nice photos... and the place is beautifully decorated. But.... There was a noise in the room all night, something like water running.... which was not rain (I checked). Don’t know what it was. We made our reservation with breakfast included... it was very poor,  only muesli and some sweet bread. To high in carbs and poor options. The first day when we went back at night, the room has not been made... wet towels and the bed undone.... strange... they said you have to ask for the bed to be made... The hotel offered free WiFi... it only worked 1 day of the 4 days... I had to made an important call and had to go to Starbucks... they didn’t know when it was coming back again... It is well located, in a nice neighborhood with good restaurants nearby. Close to the tube…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
99,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or95-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Should not be offered as a Booking.com product - suitable for back packers or workers needing cheap B and B,"Initial welcome soon descended to demand for passports or driving licence - uk citizen  -documents not with us, demand for credit card, even though already paid for with printed evidence of booking - not provided following reading reviews reporting abuse of credit cards! Rough and ready desk in hall forms reception. Carpet in main lounge covered in dirty marks and stains, dead plants on the impressive doorstep - as reported previously by others. Room carpet filthy and stained, commercial  rubbish bin right outside opening window to our room. Room cleaned to a very low level at some time in the past - dust all over the place, bath had chunks of enamel chipped off it internally, mould in the bathroom in several places. Water damaged bath front. No coffee or tea making facilities.…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
100,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or100-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing level of hospitality,"The hotel is in a good location and looks quite nice from the outside .  We were disappointed however with the rather disjointed reception experience. We were asked for passport or ID which we did not have as we are British ..this didnt get us of to a good start .All of the staff are Europeans with varying levels of English and this was not handled well. Badly stained carpet by the reception desk does not give a good first impression either.   Breakfast is a mediocre continental offering ...choice of cereal,yogurt ,fruit juice and packet style brioche. We waited a while until any staff arrived, then were offered tea coffee and white or brown toast . No marmalade..but there was jam. Staff did not automatically clear bowls etc and had to be prompted to tame them away.  Our bedroom…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
101,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or100-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Appalling,"We booked to stay in this hotel through bookings.com. We booked the junior suite for 3 people. When we arrived at 8.30pm there was 1 double bed . When we asked for a bed for the 3rd person they said they would locate one, we had been travelling all day and just wanted to go to bed. Long story short, after sitting there for some time we went to track them down only to be told that the roll away bed they had was broken and they’d try and get one from another hotel but couldn’t say how long it would be!! It was by now after 9 and pouring rain so we said we wanted a refund and we would go elsewhere. We did go elsewhere but they will not return the $425 AUD that they charged us. Bookings.com have been no help at all!!! I totally agree with the other reviews, aside from that it is…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
102,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or100-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Words Fail Me,We have never stayed in such an appalling hotel in all our years if travelling worldwide. Every bad review of this hotel is true.We cannot understand how this hotel is still operating...Enough said!!!!,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
103,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or100-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AVOID AVOID - A TWO STAR B&B AT BEST - CHAOTIC BREAKFAST,"ALERT. The Cranley received a rare ZERO Rating for Food Hygiene Standards from the Government on 14th January 2019: URGENT IMPROVEMENT NECESSARY, nothing has changed.  This is not a hotel, not even a boutique hotel. It’s a bed and breakfast and a poor, shabby one at that! It relies purely on its location, but please, please avoid staying here as it is likely to ruin your holiday/trip/special occasion/business meeting.  GENERAL: We booked - and reconfirmed twice in the weeks before - that our room would be a twin room. On arrival, I checked it was a twin and one of the young boys on reception told us the room had a very big bed and that we could sleep towards each edge so it would be like twin beds. Hmmm.  Still feeling positive we sat outside in the late summer sun and ordered…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
104,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or100-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid at all costs - shame you cant rate zero star,"When arrived initially given a lower room than booked and paid for. They then begrudgingly provided the correct room, albeit with some attitude and incompetence from staff. The new room was decrepit and in need of serious refurbishment. There was a hole in the window covered up with parcel tape, curtains were ripped and water damaged, sweat / dirt marks on head board, dirty bed covers and bathroom in need of updating, let alone the decor in the hotel reception area. Continental breakfast consisted of tea/coffee, toast, cereal and individual shop brought yoghurt pots. Security of bags is concerning, yes we were given a tag to put on our bags to leave for the day, however when we returned to collect them no staff checked we collected the right ones, and walked off before we had…",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
105,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or105-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","A lovely building however poor service, and tired and dirty","Our initial thoughts when we booked the hotel was a pleasant one. However within five minutes of arriving at The Cranley this soon changed purely due to the overall cleanliness  As my partner wished to lie down after travelling all day, and we discovered Our 'clean' bed sheets had the remenece of the last hotel guests hair. When I called reception to ask for fresh linen I was told the maid would be with me soon to remake the beds. Two hours later following another phone call I finally walked down to the reception to ask for our new sheets, so we could change the bed ourselves.  Following this the maid once over a four night stay made our bed once, and left the bins full. On the one day they changed the bed linen, and they left the dirty ones on the bed.  Overall very nice…",Date of stay: October 2019,2.0
106,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or105-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Sparkling Afternoon Tea - more like Tesco’s Own Afternoon Tea! ,"So I visited here with a friend and I am utterly disgusted! What we were served I could have purchased myself in Tesco!! The cake was dry, the Prosecco never materialised & we got white wine instead which was like paint stripper!   During our time here the cleaners strolled through carrying bins, dirty sheets, mops & buckets etc!   Whilst there other guests arrived for a pre booked afternoon, they were turned away as the chef had gone home!   Personally I could wait to leave!",Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
107,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or105-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Was once wonderful hotel,Don't stay here. No customer focus. They don't care. No employee empowerment to fix things. It's not their job  Safety issues: I tripped on the dining room rug. They never fixed it. We lost our lights and heat one evening. Not fixed until morning. Lots of mold on the lower ground floor No one would help me with my baggage. Breakfast was all refined carbohydrates. The previous reviewer said it all. Nice meeting you at breakfast.,Date of stay: October 2019,1.0
108,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or105-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty Towers was run better than this “4 star” ,Just to say this was sold as a 4 star hotel - it is not!!!     It’s a 1 - 2 star. Travel lodge would have been better.   From when we arrived it was awful. On arrival staff moaning at each other. Then finishing off their chat before checking us in. Where given a room key we opened the door and room not made up completely untouched considering we where there at 4pm check in is 2pm.   Service is awful from hotel manager. We where told by the hotel manager who slouched on the sofa - the rooms not being ready wasn’t his fault but house keepings and he just works there. He sat and moaned while the poor check in clerk tried to find us a room. We where also told to hand over a copy of ID which was photocopied and they wanted £50 off a credit card - not cash- for bar fridge and breakage…,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
109,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or105-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Drop in service level but still value for money,"We visited Cranley previous time in summer 2018, and compared to that the level of service has dropped dramatically. But: also the price we payed dropped from 160£ per night to 80£ per night. So if you are not too picky this is still good value for money: location is perfect and room is comfortable and big (Executive King) ",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
110,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or110-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Awful room Rude Manager don't stay here!,"I had the displeasure of staying in a ""Superior” with my husband on a recent trip.  The room was terrible at best, stained curtains with huge rips, mould in the bathroom, parcel tape holding things on the windows, broken bath panels and stained rugs were the just the start! Very few of the amenities listed where available, mini bar no, bathrobes no, newspapers no, premium be linen no, luxury toiletries one tiny bar of soap and a little sachet of shampoo!  We complained at the time and put on the phone to the manager who was very rude, she insisted it was superior (I'd hate to see standard) the lack of mini bar didn't matter because we'd have to pay for things anyway?? And we did have robes (must be invisible). We could change rooms if we paid more to upgrade, when I said it was…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
111,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or110-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",We are not coming back!,"In my opinion, this place is terrible. The hotel needs a lot of attention which includes a good cleaning and items which to need to be replaced or repaired. We felt that the management was rude to the guest and to the help. This is the worst hotel that I have ever stayed at.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
112,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or110-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","from outside looks really nice,inside carpets really stained and dirty.first impresions not good.","bedroom curtains ripped and stained,needed throwing away.Window paint peeling off and really needed new window as it was in a awful condition.No tea or coffee facility in room and carpets stained,bath had mildew.The dining room was also lounge,not clean.Breakfast was three rounds of toast between two,small amount of cereals,no choice at all.We had one cup of coffee and not asked if we wanted another,staff not really helpful at all.would not be booking there again.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
113,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or110-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",DONT BOOK HERE !!!!!!!,"Rude unhelpful manager, denied we had made a reservation,  so my brother bought me and my hubby a buy a gift.com voucher for this place I called them they said yes that's fine your date is booked I asked if they would email me confirmation they said not necessary bring voucher, I felt unsettled and the day before my booking phoned again they said I had no reservation they put me through to a gentleman who said it's fine just come with voucher no problem, yes you've guessed it after arranging babysitter and parking travelles 3 hours to turn up to be told no reservation go away, absolutely disgusting customer services, we was horrified I have never experienced anything like it, so I have also been looking on the internet about the hotel and have found there food and hygenie rating…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
114,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or110-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and price ,"Stayed 4 nights  Great location just 5 mins from Gloucester rd tube station. Nice room with comfy bed and good shower. Staff are young but try hard despite limited experience  Decor is dated,the rugs in the dining room were bumpy and breakfast limited only toast,yoghurt, juice and hot tea or coffee but for the price it’s ok ",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
115,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or115-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Broken down & dirty,"Hard to know where to begin. This hotel deserves, at the most, 2 stars. Nothing functions properly, and after requesting that my room be vacuumed (Hoovered, British style) I was told there were no housekeeping employees on duty. It was 4 PM. I vacuumed the floor myself, after the day manager brought me a vacuum. There were masses of hairs in the sink and tub, and the sink didn’t drain properly. Poor service, even if they are friendly. They don’t know what they are doing. The “breakfast” which is famously included, consists of lukewarm, weak tea and barely toasted bread. A boiled egg is 8 £ extra. Noisy room, no ventilation, and hot. All in all, disgusting.",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
116,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or115-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",So so,"Great location close to Gloucester Station, and has a few decent dining places close by.  We had an executive suite on the top floor (the elevator doesn’t go all the way up unfortunately), so we had to walk a bunch. The elevator didn’t work for a day and a half as well, and the water in the tap sometimes didn’t work either. Room was spacious but super hot. The AC was so noisy but we had to have it on for at least 30-40 min just to cool down the room.  Breakfast was simple, service was ok.  Probably try some other place next time.",Date of stay: September 2019,3.0
117,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or115-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible service,"I stayed at the Cranley Hotel at the weekend with my husband and have been completely disgusted with the service we received. We pre booked and pre paid for this hotel over 6 months ago. We turned up to check in at 23:20 last night, bearing in mind your reception is open 24hours, as confirmed on the website, and there is no restriction stated for check in.   The receptionist Bahara told us our room had a broken sink and we could not stay there. She said she would liaise with the management. At no point had she tried to contact us earlier in the day to warn us of this, and admitted since it was 11pm she did not think we would turn up.   She said she would speak to the Cranley sister hotels and neighbouring hotels to get us a room.  After 2 hours of waiting in reception, she…",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
118,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or115-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant hotel,"Room was comfortable but a bit small, but that was expected in London. Very good location with short walk to tube station where the BigBusTours bus stop was also. Continental breakfast was included but was very basic. Staff helpful and friendly.",Date of stay: September 2019,4.0
119,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or115-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",AFTERNOON TEA THROUGH RED LETTER : AWFUL!!! ... i am writing this as i am sat here.,So... Our reservation is for 2pm we arrive on time.  We are met by someone sat at reception who didn't take us to a seat and said 'just sit where you want'.... On first impressions the table clothes are dirty and not ironed.  The goldfish in the dirty bowl looks suicidal!  We have been left for 30 minutes with no offering of a drink to be also told they have run out of wine and champagne.... please note we booked this 4 weeks ago.  I was told to 'help myself'to a drink *a diet coke whilst we wait for our tea to arrive from the small mini bar in the room.  The carpets are marked and dirty.  There is ONE person serving people..i think two have walked out and left.  Questionable as to whether the food will be fresh or not!  At 14:36 still no tea or coffee .... The tea has arrived…,Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
120,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or120-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great dissapointment after 10 years not having stayed here!,"We stayed in this hotel twice about 10 years and more ago. We absolutely loved it then, it was a charming hotel where you felt welcome (welcome drink at arrival), charming staff, nice clean and light rooms, good breakfast. What a huge disappointment to find this hotel now completely dilapidated, not very clean and poor breakfast. A welcome drink would have been nice but not important. We stayed in room 502, sort of put away, not clean (had to clean the loo when we arrived and ask them to clean it the next day), noisy (the cleaning staff started early in the morning at our level with a lot of loud chatting in the smelly hallway. So for us never again.",Date of stay: September 2019,2.0
121,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or120-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Appalled and disgusted had to book another hotel,"I had booked a hotel last minute as I was having work done in my flat. As a Londoner, I'm ashamed and appalled that tourists become victims of this place. I was given a truly disgusting room with ripped carpets and stained sheets, it was truly hotel hell. For the first time ever at any hotel, I demanded to given another room only to be given one where the headboard literally had vomit or something of a similar nature. I decided to move to the Royal Garden Hotel which is a five star up the road, for the same price. Unfortunately, some American guest who had the same experience were unable to do the same. After much opposition the hotel agreed to give me a refund but that I had to book lastminute.com first. After having left and phoned last minute they refused and although I went…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
122,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or120-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible and unpleasent.  Don't go there.,"It was a very unpleasant stay.  When we just arrived at the hotel, we heard one guest lost her things in room. It was very disturbing.  It was just a start. More surprises awaited us.   in the room the ac did not work. The suite we booked comprising two rooms were not separated by door or petition. It was not what we expected.  We required room change and were ready to pay an extra but told the only availability was occupied. The hotel did not offer solution but only kept giving the same answer that the room offered fit the prescriptions. Nothing was done.  Well, the central ac not working was not specified in your website. The mobile ac was said even more powerful than the central one. When would a little ac be more powerful the central ac? When the central ac is “dead”!  When…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
123,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or120-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",From faded grandeur to grotty,"This must have once been a delightful, quirky hotel but it's a shadow of its former self and needs significant investment. There is no way it should carry a 4 star label; it's dirty, it's tired, it lacks basic facilities such as a kettle, tea and coffee. I had what was once a lovely room but now with ripped and stained curtains, a headboard marked with stains, some curious insects on the walls which may be small clothes moths (plenty of holes in the furnishings), a used plaster under the table and crumbs on the carpet.  I found myself checking for bed bugs. None found. The first room I was given was not what I'd booked and was barely habitable. The second room was better but uncared for. TV remote worked intermittently and the shower was a very old fashioned faucet. ",Date of stay: September 2019,1.0
124,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or120-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming old-fashioned hotel,"We stayed there on the recommendation of friends who had been there two years ago. We didn't see the negatives reviews until after we had made a non-refundable reservation, We went there with some trepidation but found it to be a lovely place. We are baffled by the negative reviews.   We can only imagine that some of the rooms or part of a wing have problems while others do not. We booked a '4 poster' room that was on the  3rd floor. In spite of the steep stairs on a hot day we were impressed with our room. It was quite large and overlooked the nice homes that line the street.  The bed was comfortable and the sheets were crisply laundered. The spacious bathroom was outstanding - lovely old marble and brass fittings. There was plenty of hot water and the water pressure was…",Date of stay: August 2019,4.0
125,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or125-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointed,"This hotel is lovely from the outside and has a lovely location but is very dirty and run down the staff are very unhelpful more interested in texting on their phones. On a 3night stay the room was not serviced at all, we had to ask for clean towels. The safe did not work we were told the maintenance man would attend to it - this didnt happen. There was a very strong foisty smell and the rooms and hallway were very damp with black mould and paint peeling off the walls. We were asked for £50 deposit for the mini bar - this was actually empty - when we asked the receptionist she said the deposit was for any damages !!! There was no hair dryer alrhough this was on the booking information. The iron when it appeared 2 days after requesting it was dangerous and the board had 1 leg…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
126,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or125-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,The location of this hotel is lovely and near Gloucester rd tube station. Our room was on the top floor and was roasting hot but it was the hot bank holiday weekend. Room was tired but was clean lovely clean white sheets couldn’t fault it although no tea/coffee making facilities and no hair dryer in the room either.  Breakfast was ok toast and cereal although very slow service indeed. Girls on reception were friendly and polite . It is a old building and does need bit of TLC but we did have a nice stay overall.,Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
127,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or125-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A beautiful old-fashioned hotel,"Don't be put off by the negative reviews, some people just love to complain. I stayed here during my last trip to London and have vowed to stay here again whenever I'm over. My room was beautifully quaint (I particularly loved the old fashioned en-suite) and the common areas are lovely. It is easy to spend a day or two lounging around this little gem of a hotel.  The only negative I can point to is that there was a lot of noise in my room coming from the piping, it kept me awake for some time.",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
128,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or125-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",They’ve clearly hit a rough patch,"Broken windows, torn carpet, broken AC  It wouldn’t take too much to bring this place up to snuff, but it is currently not at the 4 star status previously listed. Maybe 2 star.   On the plus side, the location is great - safe neighborhood and very close to the tube.",Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
129,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or125-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",More Shabby Than Chic,"This hotel is definitely NOT 4 Star, in fact it would struggle to achieve 2 by anyone's standards, no surprise then that they wanted us to pay up front, including a £50 deposit. When we eventually got to our room it was clear that this hotel is trading on pictures and ratings from about 10 years ago. It's advertising is completely misleading from those glossy photos it shows you on the internet. It is shabby, frayed, dirty and poorly appointed, there are no Tea/Coffee facilities in the rooms (unheard of these days) and the listed amenities are none existent. This hotel needs closing down, completely refurbishing from top to bottom and the staff all trained to a basic level that you would expect, and do find in other lesser rated establishments.  I travel for business and have…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
130,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or130-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not again,Small desk on arrival lack of communication had to pay 50 disposit which didn't know about no information about what time breakfast was head board was dirty ripped curtains and didn't bother with breakfast very poor,Date of stay: August 2019,2.0
131,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or130-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Stayed here on Saturday for one night and am thankful it wasn’t longer!  This hotel is one of the worst I have ever stayed in and the inside looks nothing like the pictures online(outside looks ok) We arrived to leave our bags and go out for the day, to find the reception was a small table with a computer and chair in a corridor, the carpets were stained and threadbare and no bar to get a drink just a fridge in the corner of what turned out to be the restaurant area.  We didn’t return until late evening when we went to our room, well it was dingy, stained curtains, carpet and a bathroom which left a lot to be desired, nothing in the room that you would expect for a 4 star-hotel like tea/coffee making facilities.  The only good thing was that the bedding smelt clean and the bed…",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
132,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or130-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fawlty Towers May have been a better choice!,"No staff. Tables vacant and not cleared. No food. Basic food not topped up. Can purchase extras... like a full English I assumed but with no menus and no one to ask it was impossible to know.   A Sainsbury’s grocery order arrived in the middle of the breakfast time which was wheeled through the breakfast room. Half an hour it took to get warm tea and cold toast... but not cups, butter and still a dirty table from last guests.   No pastries. No cold water drink or milk for cereals. No bowls if you did want cereal either! The list goes on!   Yoghurts left in table, no bowl of ice to keep chilled- it is summer and 21 outside.   With a Food Safety Agency rating of 0, significant work is needed on training of staff for food handling, allergen awareness and freshness of food checks. …",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
133,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or130-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The hotel needs a complete overhaul.,"There is absolutely no way this hotel qualifies for its supposed four-star status - as immediately became apparent by the badly-stained, threadbare carpet in the reception area. When booking I had specifically requested a room with a bath - and was shown to a tiny room with a shower. Yes I could have a room with a bath but only after paying £50 extra. After moving to the new room - which had a stuttering light bulb which had to be replaced - it was more memorable for what it was missing: no bath plug, no guide to the hotel, no rubbish bin, no drinking glasses, no water or tea-making facilities..in fact it was bare of all the things you would expect to find. In the bathroom there was, however, a complimentary bar of soap - the tiniest sliver I have ever seen. The air condition…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
134,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or130-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",TERRIBLE DO NOT GO,Hotel absolutely terrible and hugely overpriced. Online pictures are not even close to what the rooms actually are. The rooms are rubbish and do not even have air conditioning. Full of flies and bed heads dirty and carpet filthy. Shower pressure is non existent and difficult to get the right temperature. Pictures online are absolutely misleading and service of the 2 people sitting at the front desk are pathetic. Customer service is extremely poor and they just do not care. DO NOT GO as will be highly disappointed.,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
135,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or135-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Filth, filth, filth","AVOID AVOID AVOID, absolutely filthy hotel, from the moment I walked in to see the stained carpet and a poor goldfish swimming in water that was almost milky in appearance it was so dirty, not to mention the paper on the ceiling - covering god only knows what!  We then went to the room that was even worse with what looked like a urine stain on the valance sheet and clumps of hair in the mould ridden bathroom.  I went straight back downstairs and asked for a refund which was refused, meaning I then had to pay for a night somewhere else I we could not stay in such filth.  This has to be a case for the trading standards, as the website is anything but representative and could not be further from the truth!",Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
136,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or135-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely horrendous,Avoid at all costs. Appalling check in. Filthy throughout. The bed linen was stained in what looked like urine. Clumps of hair on bathroom floor. When we went back to reception to leave and ask for a refund so that we could go and stay elsewhere the manager refused to give us our money back.  Would rather sleep on a park bench than in this poor excuse of a “boutique hotel”.,Date of stay: August 2019,1.0
137,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or135-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Complete renovation needed!,"Positive comments first: Fortunately, we had booked it only for one night.  My parents had gone there for like 4 times in the past 40 years (once with me) and they had always loved it, but I'm sure the Management has changed in the meantime and no restructuring work had been done in these 40 years (min.).   The carpets, curtains and beds were all stained and in a horrible condition and the bathroom had almost unusable water taps and shower heads. My parents' toilet was not flushing, bed linen were very humid and discusting and my brother's room had mold all over the walls and smelled accordingly. We all felt like a good shower after staying at this hotel.  Breakfast, which used to be served in your elegant classy rooms, now served in their living room area on sofas/armchairs on…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
138,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or135-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not the best of stays,"Checking in was a struggle, even though we booked and paid well in advance, the receptionist asked for payment, i explained it was paid for and when he looked again saw that, he then asked for a pre auth, which has yet to go back into my account.  Room was spacious and large, and the bed was comfy, however the bed was stained, the windows were mucky, the carpet and curtains were stained too.  The bathroom was clean, however the water pressure was varied to say the best, and the ""hot"" sign on the bath tap fell off. Breakfast although included is very basic, basically just cereal and toast. Although cannot deny the sitting room where breakfast is had is very nice.  The real downside to the hotel is the room has a/c, which wasnt working. And we asked for a fan, was told there would…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
139,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or135-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Worse Hotel Room Ever!!!!!!!,"Not what I was expecting from a luxury boutique hotel...... We used our virgin experience voucher for this trip and we were go smacked at the room we were given. The smell of damp hit us as soon as we opened the door, the curtains and carpet were covered in big stains, wallpaper and paint were peeling off the wall and the mattress and pillows were disgusting too. Eventually they moved us to another room which was a lot cleaner but not great, we had no option but to stay in therefor the night. We skipped breakfast as there was no way we would eat in this hotel ever. I would definitely never recommend this to anyone.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
140,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or140-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Molded place - not good for your health,The owner of this fine hotel should be sued due to the horrible condition this place is in. Total rip off !!! Mold all over the bedroom and bathroom. Filthiest place ever been to !!! Dont go to the Cranley Hotel.,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
141,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or140-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Do not book this hotel! After checking in at 10.30am and dropping our bags (room not ready) we spent a day watching tennis to return to the hotel at 10.30pm.  The room we were given was obviously the last one available and had been rejected by all other guests. The smell of damp when entering the room was the first shock followed by no air conditioning, a dehumidifier with kitchen roll stuffed into the vents which was so noisy that no one would be able to sleep.  This was complimented (not) by the stained bed covers, torn carpet and cracked window.  When we asked to change rooms this was not an option as the hotel was full. My partner and I were forced to leave the hotel at midnight to find alternative accommodation.  When expidia tried to contact the hotel manager to request a…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
142,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or140-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",DON’T GO!,"Dirty, terrible management, run down building and rooms, stained carpets.  Housekeeping does NOT clean properly after checkout otherwise they would have found and returned the 5 items I forgot when leaving.   As a result of poor housekeeping I have lost a precious silk scarf, a cashmere cardigan, a beautiful evening top, a bra and a black jumper.   I will never again return. My experience was very negative.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
143,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or140-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Still an absolute disgrace,"I had to stay here again as for some bizarre reason my client has a deal with them and when I work for them they put me here. Never again. I’d rather lose the client. They lie, they don’t care, they’re rude, the rooms are abysmal, the manager writes all this stuff about how you can contact him but it’s a lie - I’m still waiting for a receipt of my stay after asking 11 times. Seriously, don’t think it might be ok if you book here. It won’t be. You’d have a much more enjoyable time in a premier inn or perhaps bedding down at a train station.",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
144,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or140-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Poor afternoon tea, not worth the money","Whilst the room of the hotel was in character and very pretty, the service is slow and leaves something to be desired. The food itself is very very poor. Clearly all of the cakes are shop brought and the jam is from the supermarket as they brought the jars through in front of us. The sandwiches were mediocre, nothing i couldn’t of made at home. The scones were warm but clearly not made on sight just warmed through in the oven. Overall I could have made better at home for over half of the price. Thankfully we used a voucher for our afternoon tea but that could have been better used elsewhere. Definitely would not recommend this hotel for afternoon tea to anyone, and we definitely will not be returning!",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
145,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or145-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I would suggest you pass on this one.,"The neighborhood is great and that is the only thing that is great. Our room was on “lower ground” level which means dingy basement. The rooms are old and very tired looking. The staff are not friendly and there is no manager on duty on the weekends. Each morning, we heard a different guest angrily complaining about problems with their rooms. Also, the claim that the hotel is air conditioned does not appear to be accurate. Several times I heard the staff frantically discussing the need to find more fans and the air conditioning really did not even appear to work. Ski this place.",Date of stay: June 2019,2.0
146,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or145-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A quirky mixed bag.,"The deficiencies of this hotel are well documented by other reviews in both word and photo, so I have nothing to add in this regard. Its all true. The owners of this hotel clearly need to invest in a comprehensive upgrade of the entire facility.  We would probably not return, and yet our stay was oddly fun.    The room my wife and I were given for our first night was not acceptable.  We complained. The staff responded (both with promises of a ""maintenance man"" who never appeared, and also with a change of room the next day). The next morning we had the pick of available rooms and chose the one most to our liking, the room that would be our home base in London for the next two weeks as we took day trips, and weekend trips from there.    Each time we returned to The Cranley, it…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
147,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or145-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",worn out dirty hotel that could have been lovely with TLC and a refurb,"Stayed in the Penthouse -the views are great, but that's it. The rooms were dirty, worn-out, stained carpets with holes in, the terrace floor also had holes in and cigarette butts in the plant pots inside and out. the plants were all dead. The shower didn't work properly and the aircon was broken. The inclusive breakfast is a joke, its not cooked its a continental and DO NOT order cooked, its dire. All food is to be avoided if possible, we ate out after our first and last breakfast there, and the queue to get into breakfast is ridiculous. guests are constantly complaining and the whole place is a mess.  This is a shame because the staff who are there, are very nice, but they are over run as there are not enough of them, to keep it going. we had the pent house, and there were no…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
148,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or145-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Book anywhere else,"I booked a double room at The Cranley for two nights arriving on 6/26.  I arrive around 10:30pm to find that they didn't have a room for me.   They claimed that there was a maintenance issue with the room. They sent me to their sister property, Colonnade, which was located across town near Paddington.  I was unhappy about the whole thing but it was late and I just wanted to get some sleep. I had no idea it was about to get much worse until I got to my room.  It looked like a converted storage closet.  The bed was above the desk.  I had to climb a ladder which was mounted on the wall opposite of the bed.  So after climbing the ladder I had to hold on, turn around and climb across to the bed.  It wax by far the worst place I've ever stayed.  The hotel did arrange for me to return…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
149,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or145-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","3 stars only for location, outside terrace and nice salon","The check in was ok, the staff very nice and accommodating, the breakfast salon very chic, colorful and cozy. The outside terrace was nice and the location of the hotel its biggest asset. But that's about all the positive things I have to say about it. When it comes to the most important thing, which are the rooms, it's a big mess. At least from my experience. This is a 4 star hotel! FOUR STARS! I don't know how hotels get stars in London, but this is not a 4 stars hotel! The rooms are unbelievably outdated. Thick carpets with balls of hair or whatever that was. Thick, old curtains (like duvets almost) full of stains and tears, the baseboard was cracked in some places and dirty. The windows are super old, the wood is in a deplorable state and they won't close properly. The first…",Date of stay: June 2019,3.0
150,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or150-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Don’t Go,"I hate to write negative reviews, but this time it’s necessary. We arrived at 10:30 pm from Toronto. AC was broken, got bitten in the room. Changed rooms No AC, portable unit also broken. The whole place is very uncared for. ( We were there twice years ago with different ownership). It was nice and quaint then. NOT NOW.  We were booked for 3 nights but left the next day and were promised a refund. Since then my emails have been ignored and no refund..not even partial. The pictures will say it all!",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
151,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or150-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The best thing about this hotel is it’s location,"We booked  a ‘superior double room’ at The Cranley via Booking .com at a cost of almost £300 for 2 nights, for a weekend watching a concert in Hyde Park and sight seeing.  The Hotel is in a lovely location in South Kensington, a short walk from the tube station.  First impressions were good, from the outside it looked clean and modern with menus advertising afternoon tea, outside seating area and a nicely painted hotel frontage. Reception area Is a desk in the lobby with room keys ( too heavy to take out with you) stored in a what appeared to be an unsecured cupboard. The overall impression was one of grubbiness. Dirty carpets with Iron marks, peeling paint everywhere and no tourist leaflets available. Our ‘superior double room’ was tiny, just enough space around the bed to walk…",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
152,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or150-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not as advertised,"The hotel looks nice online but is a complete misinterpretation of the current state. The carpets, drapes and furniture was all stained and worn. The AC was not working and it was very hot in the room. I repeatedly asked for fan but the staff didn’t seem that interested in resolving the issue. Also the TV had no remote and the buttons on the side didn’t work. The staff person just said well do you plan on watching. The breakfast was basic of toast, cereal and croissants with yogurt packs. The only positive was location was good.",Date of stay: July 2019,2.0
153,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or150-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Worst place I have ever been to for Afternoon Tea,"All I can say is save your money or go somewhere else! I have been to many establishments for Afternoon tea in London and this was the worst place and I would not recommend it.  The service was like a scene from Forty Towers as was the waiter!  The hotel couldn’t find my booking confirmation and I had to resend it to them on arrival. The waiter didn’t provide with any spoons with our tea and there was no sugar. When this was pointed out, he got some spoons and proceeded to put them inside the cups. When he gave us the food, there was one scone each which was hard and no spoons for the cream and jam. When I asked for spoons he asked what size would we like! I felt like saying I will have a serving spoon pls!! We were not given our Prosecco and when I enquired where it was he said…",Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
154,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or150-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Unreliable Liars,Made the mistake of booking this hotel in a hurry on Lastminute. Should have read the reviews. I arrived at 9:30 to be told that my room had a water leak (see below) and that they would move me to a sister hotel in North Kensington. They had made no attempt to contact me to inform me. This is plainly a scam to fill some dump elsewhere.  Book at your own risk- you have been warned.,Date of stay: July 2019,1.0
155,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or155-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,Disappointed with the quality of the cakes.  Nothing like the picture advertised.  When we asked for something else as the cakes were dry and hard.  They could not offer anything better nor did they apologise.  I wrote a letter to the manager and they have not even bothered to acknowledge or respond to it.  I would not go there again or recommend to anyone.,Date of stay: May 2019,2.0
156,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or155-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!,"Arrived 10:30 pm and a private party was taking place all over the public spaces.  We were told that our reserved, pre-paid room had a ""leak"" that they discovered at 8:30 pm.  Nonetheless we were told that the leak would be miraculously fixed by morning.  It couldn't possibly be that someone from the private party was given our room???  They sent us by taxi to their ""sister"" hotel 20 minutes away where we were put in a closet-sized room with a full size bed covered with a dirty twin size duvet.  Room was up three flights of steep stairs (no lift), no en suite bathroom, no airconditioning, the window was open but not even a fan available.  After a nearly sleepless night, we awoke to the sound of pigeons in our room flapping their wings and perched on the footboard of the bed!!! …",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
157,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or155-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not maintained at all,"Stayed here 4 nights for a concert in June, 2019.    The pictures in the website are probably from at least 10 years ago.   Everything in this hotel is run down and falling apart.   Bathroom sink was stopped up with water every time we used it.   Tub and shower very old and worn out.     Carpets stained.   Paint chipping everywhere.   Draperies were stained and tattered.   We had a fridge in our room that was hot inside.    We asked for wash cloths and hand towels but they never showed up.   The fabric/padded headboard was stained and had two giant circles from peoples heads leaning on it.   Gross!     The breakfast was super lacking.  Warm yogurt, watery coffee.   Cheap marmalade and toast.   The only good thing about this hotel is the location in a nice neighborhood in…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
158,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or155-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Never Again - AVOID,"How on earth did this place get 4 stars? A dreadful little place! I guessed they were going for quirky and shabby chic, but there is a limit! That limit is when your bedside cabinet has no handles and the head stead is mouldy. That said, there were handles for the cabinet... Inside the drawers having fallen off. Lots of random paintings everywhere.   Got moved to a different room after complaining but not much better. Cleaner, but the air conditioning unit took up a lot of the floor space. It was needed though. Only a couple of the light switches actually operated lights. The others were redundant and just there. More random prints on the walls.   Bed was comfy and linen clean. Same mould on the bed though. Bathroom small and rust spots on fixtures. Hot tap needed some…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
159,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or155-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",If I could give minus stars I would ,Arrived at this “hotel” as a surprise birthday trip for my wife to be “greeted” by a receptionist with zero customer service to the point he was rude. When we asked to speak to a manager apparently they don’t work at weekends and are uncontactable via phone.   The breakfast was a joke again with any form of customer interaction. I feel sorry for the foreign visitors who were staying in this environment not great impressions of England service.   I have no idea how this hotel has three stars it’s in a poor state and if the staff continue the same attitude I’m sure it soon will close it’s doors.   I would encourage anyone to look elsewhere ,Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
160,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or160-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A perfect place to start and then to end your day either tourist or on business!,"I highly recommend The Cranley Hotel!  I had a single room on the first floor which I actually found quite convenient coming and going each day.  My room had everything I needed or wanted:  comfortable bed, closet, desk, mini fridge, two large windows,  TV, bathroom with shower and great WiFi.  Irons and ironing boards are available upon request.  The morning continental breakfast was lovely.  Hot tea or coffee, juices, cereals, milk, croissants and other pastries, toast, yogurt, butter and jams.  Hot breakfast can also be ordered also for additional cost.  What must have been the living room and dining room many years past has been made into a lovely parlour-like room.  Comfortable upholstered chairs, books neatly in shelves, artwork on the walls, a large chandelier,…",Date of stay: June 2019,5.0
161,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or160-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The rot has set in,"We stayed over at this hotel abd was dusgusted with the room that smelled so mouldy. On opening the curtains I looked straight into the garbage bag area. When I complained they moved ys to another room closer to the lift. No smell and no garbage but same room type. Behind the door the wall looked terrible from damp damage. The aircon, bedside lamp and bar fridge did not work. There were no toiletries in the bathroom and the wash basin plug did not work. Our travel agent took it up with them and according to them we were very satisfied with the ""upgraded"" room. However they will give us afternoon tea for the inconvenience. Well nobody spoke to us from when we checked out and sat in their lounge all afternoon waiting for our driver to pick us up. This hotel will definitely not see…",Date of stay: June 2019,1.0
162,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or160-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very unpleasant experience,"Booked and paid for room. Arrived at 3.35 to be told I couldn't stay because of 'plumbing issues' in allocated room. There had been no notifications from Agoda or the hotel regarding this. The staff were sneeringly  indifferent. Other guests were being booked in with no issues,including one who seemed a unbooked arrival. I was told I could be despatched to their 'sister' hotel.They did provide a taxi,of sorts, but  I had to wait an hour and endure a whole wall of indifference before it arrived. The 'sister'  hotel was in a n inconvenient location for my purposes. It was three star,heading for two, a shabby neglected shadow of the description in the hotel information folder.The staff were indifferent to the point of rudeness.ensure I don't think I believe the plumbing excuse. One…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
163,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or160-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Hotel Choice,"We booked The Cranley Hotel for a special occasion via Red Letter Days.  We arrived at 7pm on 15th May 2019 and our 2nd floor room was not ready for us. It should have been ready at 2pm. After waiting whilst they prepared it, we were then shown to our room.  We found that: •	The bathroom was not clean  •	There were hairs in the bath, •	There was a used soap bar stuck on the basin stand •	There was no bulb in the light above the basin •	The bathroom mirror was not clean •	The water would not run away in the basin when the plug was removed •	The shower was not consistent in temperature, cycling hot then cold and back to hot. •	The linen was not clean – there was makeup still on the pillow case •	There were no tea and coffee making facilities •	The window blind was broken •	There…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
164,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or160-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming boutique hotel with old English vibe,"I was a little apprehensive after reading some comments here but I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at The Cranley Hotel for the week I was there in early May. It is so close to the tube, just five minute walk from Gloucester Street Tube Station. The hotel is located in a lovely & peaceful area on a side street from the bustling and enjoyable Kensington area. It is a very traditional hotel with a wonderful lobby/dining room. It is normal that du to the age of the building there is some imperfections! I loved my stay in this old fashioned hospitality and boutique hotel. I liked my bedroom; it had everything I needed including a very comfortable bed & a beautiful desk. Yes the pressure of the water in the shower is not constant...but I did’nt care since I’m on vacation & chose an old…",Date of stay: May 2019,5.0
165,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or165-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Dirty, outdated, and offered bug spray!","Upon entering the servants quarter, sorry, I mean the hotel room, I was greeted by 6-8 flies circling my ceiling. I thought to myself ""Lovely, this hotel is old, but I did not expect to have extra company!"" I immediately proceeded to close the window, and  this very ugly view of another building's roof was in sight. No worries, I didn't pay for the view. However, the draperies had brown water stains, so did the carpet throughout the room.   Stains must be a thing in the hotel cuz my headboard as well as the bed linen also had stains that I would not expect to see even in a 2 star hotel.   Now, it's time to wash my hands cuz of all the things I touched. I realized other than a very lonely hand soap sitting on the bathroom counter, no other hygiene products were offered. Again, I…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
166,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or165-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Shameful embarrassment, avoid.","I met guests today and was shocked at the state of this place. Everything from the lobby to the rooms was dirty, threadbare and smells as though it has not been cleaned since the smoking ban.  Receptionist was very rude and unhelpful, seemingly unable to find which room my visitors were in, and witnessed her being similarly bossy and unhelpful to other guests while I was waiting.  I have no Idea how the hotel stays in business.",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
167,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or165-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Bookers be aware,"Booked this for my partners birthday, had cancel as my partner is unwell, and they still took the money if tho we didn't stay, contacted them and no help, and never called back terrible company, just took are money we didn't stay",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
168,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or165-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea - unkept promises,"Had afternoon tea here after buying it as a birthday gift for a friend, and I was lucky enough that she asked me to go with her.  She booked it and a member of staff promised an extra glass of Prosecco each as we were celebrating her 30th birthday.  On arrival it seemed there was a male making a bit of a scene which was off putting.  Then the complementary glass of Prosecco was refused saying they couldn’t afford it with the amount of money the afternoon tea makes them and the girl who promised it doesn’t work there anymore and wasn’t management and shouldn’t of promised it. The promise was in writing in an email. And still refused. Poor customer service.  The afternoon tea itself was nice. Enjoyable.",Date of stay: May 2019,3.0
169,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or165-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Check your bank account after staying here !,"Easy to find. A rather sour faced woman on reception who I ignored us.. First room was filthy with a stained headboard, so the mattress was checked, disgustingly dirty and stained so asked for another room. This was better but still not clean.   Breakfast poor so ate out in a lovely place on the High Street.  Trip hazard in the dining room which was the only way to our room.  Bit dated - could do with a refurb to actually turn it into the type of hotel it claims to be. Final straw - actually took my £50 security deposit from my account despite saying they wouldn’t when we arrived and nothing to pay when we left. No apology or attempt to refund when I phoned them - took intervention from the bank to get my money returned. Took my rating from poor to terrible!",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
170,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or170-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A wonderful stay ...,"I was a little apprehensive after reading some of the previous reviews but I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at The Cranley Hotel.    A five minute walk from Gloucester Street Tube Station.   The hotel is in a lovely peaceful area on a side street from the bustling and enjoyable Kensington area, so lots to do.There is a small park opposite to enjoy some peace and quiet.   It is  a very traditional hotel in a beautifully kept building. Due to the age of the building do expect some imperfections! What I found was an immaculately clean kept building, old fashioned hospitality and boutique hotel. I was in one of the superior rooms - it was very spacious and had everything I needed including a very comfortable four poster bed.  The bed linen and towels in the room were clean and fresh.…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
171,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or170-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",AnnaV,"DISGUSTING  The worst hotel we have ever stayed in. The pictures on all sites are inaccurate and are all lies! We booked on Hotels.com and it’s obvious that no one checks the hotels before selling the rooms on their sites. When we arrived we were shown 2 rooms which we were told were executive king. One was in the basement next door to the kitchen with a dirty drain pipe full of cigarette butts in our view, and the other had a window that looked out onto their rubbish heaps. Given the choice, we were very disappointed and took the first. We could not get a refund as our time had expired. We were there for 6 days and every day we felt gutted and robbed! The online pictures show a luxurious breakfast room, a reception room and a lobby. In fact it is all manufactured. It is one…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
172,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or170-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",What happened?!!!!,"10 years ago The Cranley Hotel at Bina Gardens in Kensington was a nice and cozy boutique hotel. Good service, food and nice rooms very. Just around the corner from Old Brompton Road.   Today the standard is very, very poor. All guests complained and wanted to change room or get their money back. Dirty carpets, lounge, bathrooms and rooms. Breakfast is a disaster. No water pressure and almost impossible to shower. So sad with this perfect location. They should not ask any guests for money.... Stay on your own risk!!!",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
173,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or170-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting,"Unfortunately I have to give the Cranley Hotel a 1-star rating, which is in fact, 1 star too many. After paying £120 for a ‘Superior Room’ for one night, we were disappointed upon our arrival to find a guest complaining about their stay in the hotel (due to water problems in their bathroom). After checking in, and giving the hotel the benefit of the doubt, we proceeded to our room (208) to find that it did not resemble the photos online. The walls were cracked, the floor was stained and the basin was blocked with hair. The room was simply disgusting. We were in the room a matter of minutes when a plumber barged in (without being called) and quickly turned around before knocking and then re-entering. He advised that we should be moved as the waste needed repairing. He tried…",Date of stay: May 2019,1.0
174,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or170-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Would stay again - great location and price,"Four Poster Double Room  We booked, paid in full, and then I read the reviews.  I have to be honest I was dreading my stay and wished I could cancel. So much so that I emailed the hotel ahead of my stay with my concerns.  I did not get a response, but what I did get was a lovely clean room with hairdryer in the draw (I was told previously that we had to order one from reception) and some cupcakes on the table in the room.  I was aware that there were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room so I came armed with my travel kettle, cups and tea bags and a small carton of milk from the Tesco just opposite the tube station.  The lady on reception both when we arrived and when we left was lovely and helpful and on first impressions the hotel looked nice (apart from the iron…",Date of stay: May 2019,4.0
175,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or175-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The Cranley,"Stayed for one night based on the website pictures. The room (203) was very small, no water from the hot water tap and the door wouldn't lock.  Staff were friendly and location is very good with lots of restaurants close by. ",Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
176,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or175-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful afternoon tea - avoid!!,I bought a deal on Wowcher for 6 of us to have a Prosecco afternoon tea. I had read some previous negative reviews however the majority were positive so I decided to go ahead and book it. I rang up the hotel about a month before our visit and informed the man I spoke to on the phone that I required one gluten free afternoon tea and one dairy and nut free afternoon tea. I was told this would not be a problem and that he hadn’t noted it down.   We arrived yesterday around 15/20 minutes early and they had no idea that we were coming. We were then asked to help move the tables to accommodate our group size. I mentioned that I had requested two special afternoon tea’s due to allergies and I was told that this would not be a problem.   We all sat down and a woman offered us tea and…,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
177,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or175-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cranley hotel,Located in Bina gardens not far from Kensington high st... Old town house with Persian based food.. Food a bit pricy compared with locally available alternatives.. Rooms dated.. But functional .. Parking is a big issue! We had to park 10 mins away at another hotel at a cost of approx £40!,Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
178,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or175-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Poor service,We stayed here for 4 nights in early April on a bed and breakfast basis. I want to present a fair and balanced review; Pros- good proximity to South Kensington and Gloucester rd tube stations. Good selection of eateries and watering holes nearby. Walking distance to the museums and Knightsbridge. We had an Executive room and the bed was comfortable and clean. Staff were helpful. Cons- a table served as the reception area with little chance of confidentiality as anyone in the public areas could hear the conversation. The iron burn on the carpet in the reception area does not create a good first impression. No tea/coffee making facilities in the bedroom. Dirty drinking glasses were not replaced in our room for the four days we were there. Frayed towels really should be discarded…,Date of stay: April 2019,2.0
179,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or175-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Secret Escape - wish I’d stayed at home,"Such a farce that I’ve actually been moved to write a review. Where to start.  Booked a 4 star hotel in Kensington through secret escapes for a special occasion, thought it would be beneficial location wise, and in that and only that this hotel delivers.  Inclusive breakfast- four choices of basic cereal, some activia yoghurts, assorted fruit juices and a plate of yesterdays croissants conclude the meagre free offering, with anything else being chargeable. £8 for a cooked breakfast needing to be ordered the night before and £6.50 for porridge being the most memorable.  ‘Superior’ room- broken curtains, missing blinds, no hairdryer, tv with no remote control, no kettle, empty minibar, stained headboard, stained carpets, the bed, whilst comfortable, falls apart in the centre where…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
180,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or180-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, please read if mobility-impaired ","We stayed for a week, and overall we are very happy with our choice, as we prioritised the following ; location, outdoor space, shower pressure. Here's a list of pros and cons to help your decision:  Pros: Location--5mins to Gloucester tube station, several restaurants & amenities. 7mins to South Kensington Station and many more. This is on the Central and District lines and could not have been better positioned for easy straight line access into the main London sites. Corner shop 1 minute to the left, a few pub and dining options within 2 mins. An excellent location. Can not say this enough.   Outside space: travelling with a young child, in the 20C weather, outside space is a massive bonus. We got the downstairs junior suite, which has a completely private patio, complete with…",Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
181,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or180-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Visit to London,This hotel is in need of TLC but if you accept it is 3 star not 4 then you should have a good stay . No tea or coffee making faculties in room and  no robes . Also where booking .com says breakfast included they actually mean Continental breakfast as you have to pay extra for cooked breakfast . But staff nice and they are very happy to look after your luggage . Also well located for museums and some great restaurants.  ,Date of stay: April 2019,4.0
182,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or180-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Tired but friendly hotel,"I stayed for one night on a business trip. The hotel is dated, but the staff were very friendly. Dinner was included in my stay, and the menu was limited but tasty. I had breakfast in my room the next morning, and this was delivered on time and exactly what I ordered.",Date of stay: February 2019,4.0
183,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or180-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",HOSPITALITY 101,Good day   I have received that disappointing feedback from my parents who I recommended to stay there   My dad recently retired & this trip was part of his bucket list   I am a bot concerned to hear there was no breakfast this morning & they had to sort themselves out   This is totally unacceptable & if the kitchen had a problem the cash should have been reimbursed not pay themselves  They also need to have breakfast in the morning as both of them are on chronic medication not go hunting out   This was the whole point of paying for a hotel the included breakfast………  The room is also ridiculously small & I would like to request the upgrade   Kind Regards,Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
184,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or180-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Striving to improve....NOT!!!,"I have to say when I read reviews I always try to be optimistic, however on this occasion please believe it...this hotel is not at all a 4* let alone a hotel at all. When you arrive to the entrance after opening the door to the hall there is a desk...more like a student desk as the Reception for meet and greet. There is no privacy, as straight away, adjacent is the sitting area/breakfast and dining room. People can listen to what you say. The hotel rates itself 4* but it lives to its past positive reviews and yet does no longer hold or deserve that credit. The owners purely have no care to renovate or improve. The only 2 positive things I can give is the manager Tarek is customer orientated and friendly and the hotel is in a good location for Londons'  tourist attractions, and…",Date of stay: March 2019,1.0
185,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or185-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fisgusting,"We were given our room key, walked in to a dirty and un-cleaned room. There wardrobe door hinge was hanging off and the screw sticking out. The “mini bar”, really !!!! A mini bar, actually just a fridge, empty fridge. There was no toilet roll or towels or bath robes. The bed sheets were stained with blood and the mattress ripped like it had been slashed with a knife. This is supposed to be 4*. I don’t think so. We asked for robes and toilet roll as we left for the theatre, this was 5pm ish. When we arrived back at 11pm, still no toilet roll or robes. I asked for the manager to come up, she told me robes were not usually given out, really?! On the room description it states robe in a superior room. She also said the reason she couldn’t put one in earlier was because we took the…",Date of stay: April 2019,1.0
186,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or185-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly but could do with a bit of renovation.,"Well located on the Metro service in London.  The owners and staff are kind and friendly but the hotel itself could stand a bit of renovation,.  i.e.  the large window in our bedroom was broken - and it looked as if it had been that way for a long while.  The rugs throughout the hotel were also stained.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
187,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or185-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good location but tired,"We just stayed for a night and been assigned a room on the second floor. Room was very tired, headboards stained (badly) - found some hair in my bed when going to sleep - not pleasant. A plate of food with some leftovers was left by the stairs for the whole of our stay, not great really. Continental breakfast ok (need to pre order the night before), nice and helpful staff. Very good location, just 5 mins from the tube and 15 from the Royal Albert Hall.  Pity about the general conditions of the rooms and cleanliness, it could have much more potential.",Date of stay: March 2019,3.0
188,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or185-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cute hotel but overcharged my credit card and not reimbursing,I have never written a bad review in my life but I am very disappointed in your service. I stayed one night with a friend and we loved the cute little hotel but you overcharged me for 2 extra breakfast when: we left at 4am to take an early flight (so clearly didn't have breakfast) & the breakfast was in any case included in the rate that we paid!!! I called you 3 times asking for the reimbursement and sent you emails but still didn't get credited back and didn't even receive a reply or a call from you. Hopefully you will finally react after this comment. It is a shame because I really wanted to give you a good review  Thank you Shu Min,Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
189,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or185-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Cosy Place,"I stayed with my partner for our anniversary and we really had a great time. There is one woman who initially greeted us at reception and then checked us out who was a bit rude, but all the other staff were brilliant and made a real effort to ensure we had a great time. We stayed in the Four Poster bedroom which was beautiful and very spacious. The hotel is close to the station and quiet at night. The extra star wasn't given as the hotel did however charge £4 onto my card after I left without my permission.",Date of stay: December 2018,4.0
190,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or190-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely stay,"My husband and I booked through groupon and received a nights stay, breakfast and an afternoon tea for frankly an amazing price for London. When we arrived we were greeted warmly and given our room key and an explanation on where to go and how to pick our breakfast for the morning. Our room was large and vintage looking with lovely decor. Yes a few things could do with an update but everything was very clean and tidy. The shower was warm and the bathroom spotless. After a very good nights sleep in a comfy bed we headed down to breakfast and were again warmly greeted and given our breakfast quickly. It was lovely, and there was ample to eat. The staff were happy to hold our luggage whilst we went out for the day and then we returned later for our afternoon tea. The tea was…",Date of stay: February 2019,5.0
191,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or190-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing.,"Not great. Won't be returning. A selection of stains on back of bed headboard. Dirt, crumbs & fluff in edges of bedside table. At least 2 ceiling lights & 1 bedside light not working. Non-matching shower products - looked like they'd been cobbled together. Freezing room (303) - had to call maintenance. Electric plugs need retesting.",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
192,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or190-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Tired and Shabby ,"Booked a one night stay with friends via last minute, secret rooms.  What a shambles!!! On entering you are greeted with the slowest of reception, a dirty carpet with a huge iron burn!  We had been upgraded to the superior double. It is clear this hotel needs some tlc. Everything is shabby, and grubby. Bed was comfy, with clean bedding.  No tea/coffee facilities in rooms which is a first for us.  Had to choose our continental breakfast the night before! I’d sooner choose from a buffet. We were with two other couples and let’s just say breakfast was a joke!  We got tea pots...no cups! toast and pasties...no plates/ cutlery. When we asked for plates the rather confused girl brought one! There were 6 of us!  I could go on and on but I can’t be bothered.  I would not recommend this…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
193,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or190-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing ,"Visited for a two night break. Booked through Secret Escapes and was disappointed with the state of the accommodation. Bedroom was grubby, with stained carpets, headboard and curtains. No in room tea and coffee making facilities. Breakfast ok but service rather slow. Check in and check out service was average. Nice location, some lovely features in the building, but all seemed rather tired and staff not managed or trained to the standard expected of such a hotel. ",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
194,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or190-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Theatre break,Lovely hotel but be prepared to wait for breakfast and check out highly recommended close to local attraction but was even given the wrong theatre that we were supposed to go to when my sister was over from New York to visit me,Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
195,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or195-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very Shabby,"The hotel is in need of refurbishing. Carpets are stained, there was no air conditioning and the rooms were extremely hot. We were given a single room instead of a superior double - staff seemed unaware of the hotel’s room classifications. We were given a more appropriate room but at no point was there an apology or recognition of any mistake made. The arrangements for breakfast - having to choose items from a list the day before for a continental breakfast rather than having a buffet - were not ideal. We were also woken by the noise of a staff member collecting people’s sheets at 3.55am. The system of choosing a time slot for breakfast did not work as there was no way to limit the numbers picking a particular slot! On the whole we were disappointed with the whole experience and…",Date of stay: February 2019,2.0
196,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or195-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Sub standard," My husband booked this break six months ago and the website stated that we were booking a Superior Double Room. I have written to the hotel with my disappointment at the standard of this hotel and had no response. Therefore a week later I am putting a review on TripAdvisor.  Check in; on arrival the young man on the reception desk hardly looked up from the task he was performing (putting paperwork into envelopes) to acknowledge us.  We waited and when he caught us looking at each other with eyebrows raised he did say ‘please let me finish what I am doing’.  He gave us our key and said ‘through there’ pointing to an archway, giving us no clear instructions as to where we were heading.  Some training in greeting guests is needed.   With regard to ‘the Superior Double Room’, we…",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
197,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or195-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Unpleasant and disappointing. Huge difference between what advertised on website and actual reality.,"The room was kept in very poor conditions. Almost all items in the room (from carpet to furniture, bathroom and window panes) were old, stained and/or worn out/broken. Cleanliness was also an issue, with overall poor services (from vacuuming/dusting to providing new toiletry items - I had to call reception to get new toilet paper and paper tissues). I found old food in the table drawer that wasn't removed throughout my stay. The heating in the bathroom leaked water on the floor. Upon my arrival it looked like the room had not been used for a long time and had not been prepared for guests.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
198,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or195-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Needs Improvements,"We wanted to give this hotel a chance so even with some poor reviews we booked two nights. Location is great but the description and photographs do not match the reality. We could tell however that this used to be a beautiful hotel but it is now very run down with staff in need of training. There were stains on my headboard and curtains and our cutlery was dirty.  The reception and dining area particular do not look anything like the lovely pictures! Reception staff could be more friendly.....and  were not really available on each occaision we went. Other guests were frustrated too. Please work on your reception area and until you make the necessary improvements, provide more accurate up to date pictures and information, it is misleading. I hope The Cranley Hotel can return to…",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
199,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or195-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"Bit disappointing. Staff clearly weren't ready for customers and when someone did arrive, our tea order was taken but no mention of the food.  Tea was brought out quickly but no sugar offered and the staff all disappeared so we couldn't even ask for some.  Food swiftly followed but was still without an explanation. Sandwiches were nice but could've had more. Scones were too crumbly & one small scone per person wasn't ideal. Cakes were ok but macarons were didn't seem fresh.  Overall, the hotel was warm, cosy and welcoming, the food was ok and the staff were friendly but unattentive. Had better Afternoon Teas, also had worse.",Date of stay: February 2019,3.0
200,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or200-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Dreadful,"Headboards are stained , room and bathroom very tired a lot of work needs doing . Asked to chose breakfast on a sheet of paper night before . Breakfast is the worst I have ever had in any hotel and I have stayed in many , the premier inn was a delight to stay in after staying here . Breakfast was soggy cheap extra thin toast , one cup of coffee , cereal was put in your bowl ready and the tiniest bit of milk was meant to be for two people for coffee and cereal . I can’t imagine anyone returning to this hotel . Spent a long time waiting at the check in desk which never seemed manned . It’s s beautiful building , such a shame it’s run so badly .",Date of stay: February 2019,1.0
201,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or200-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great stay in this quirky and elegant hotel,Bedroom- spacious and very comfortable with a huge four poster bed. I slept so well.  Breakfast- I have been to many hotels in London and Cranely has by far the best breakfast of them all.   Location- very close to the tube station (South Kensington or glouster road) Harrods and museums very close Many restaurants and bars to choose from within close proximity.  Overall fantastic hotel in the heart of london,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
202,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or200-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Untrained staff ruined our experience,"Firstly, we booked a four poster king sized bed. We got ""Upgraded"" to a basement room without the four poster bed. Before ew got to the room, we were told it was on the forth floor. So we our heavy luggage, we walked up all four floors only to find out our room was down in the basement.  When we complained, we were given a four poster bed but it was not a king sized bed, it was two singles put together. We finally came to a room that did not have a poster bed but was at least a king size.  the water system was broken so we ended up having loop warm showers.  Then the breakfast. Service horrid. We eventually had to get our plates and cutlery ourselves. For example, when our cereal came, we asked if we could have some sugar, upon which their reply was to use the sugar cubes used…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
203,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or200-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",London Trip,Booked a two night stay here through Groupon. Was a bit apprehensive after reading a few reviews on here but needn’t have worried at all. From our welcoming on check in to our departure we enjoyed every minute there. Lovely room with amazing view. Had breakfast in our room which was fantastic. Had afternoon tea included in the deal which was yummy and the scones were so warm and tasty.  This will be the hotel we stay in when we come back to London from now on.,Date of stay: January 2019,5.0
204,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or200-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",One night only very disappointed,"Booked a night as one of the last minute.com secret hotel. Normally we have had great rooms. This was very disappointing! I reckon the room we had was allocated to this deal. It was up in the attic. Very tired, small bathroom with poor facilities. I would not recommend this hotel. Breakfast was ok but a bit faulty towers. I felt sorry for the staff who were obviously obeying orders.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
205,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or205-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"My husband and I had afternoon tea at the Cranley Hotel. We were actually staying at another hotel nearby (thankfully) and had decided to book this due to an offer I had received for a 2 for 1 deal.   From the 4 star reviews we had expected it to be a lovely experience while we were in London.   When I booked by telephone I mentioned that we don’t eat meat and requested that we were only served meat free food. The man assured me More than once  not to worry because we would be served nothing containing meat.   It was awful...... Upon arrival we were disappointed by the appearance of the place but could look past that if the afternoon tea was nice.  The tableware is so cheap and mismatched, there were no other guests dining at all (unsurprising in hindsight) even though this was…",Date of stay: January 2019,1.0
206,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or205-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Overcharged,"I had a lovely stay at this hotel and wished I could leave a good review.  However, I was overcharged for items I did not receive and also did not receive the discounts I was advised I would receive when I booked.  I have contacted the hotel on 3 occasions and have yet to receive a reply.  Such a shame as, apart from this I would have reviewed as 'very good'.  Unfortunately I will not be staying again. Disappointed.",Date of stay: January 2019,2.0
207,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or205-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT STAY HERE!,BUYERS BEWARE do not book at this hotel if you want your credit card to be charged hundreds of dollars more than you expect!   I stayed 2 nights in August using points and was supposed to be charged the service fees only. Instead was charged hundred of dollars and when I reached out to better understand the charges I never received a call back. I’ve called at least 4 times and emailed 3 with no acknowledgement.,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
208,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or205-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Unacceptable! A dump!,"After seeing the 4 star rating and pics on the website, this place looked decent. One step in the door, and it was clear we made a mistake.  This is not a real hotel. You are greeted by some overwhelmed guy at a creepy little desk. Given random old keys with the room numbers taped on them like a slum apartment building.  The carpet is ripped, stained, headboards stained, windows broken. No management on site.  When I showed staff the website pictures, they said, “yeah.. those should be taken down.”  We refused to stay the night, demanded a refund and left.  This place was a total con job of false advertising.",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
209,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or205-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Couldn’t wait to leave ,"We arrived at The Cranley Hotel on Friday, earlier than our check in time, to drop our bags off. There was no proper reception and the staff did not greet us. The first thing the lady said to us was ‘your room isn’t ready’. We put our bags into an unlocked corridor that anybody could access (photo). We got to our room, the size was fine but pretty much everything else was a let down. Sweat stains on the headboard, stains all over the curtains, absolutely disgusting. Afraid to ask for a different room due to the unfriendliness of staff. We had 1 towel between 2 of us in a double room.   We arrived to breakfast at designated time (8:45-9:00) but did not receive our breakfast until 30 mins later (we were only waiting for toast). When it did arrive was stone cold.   For the price of…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
210,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or210-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Terrific...to refresh,"Meglio evitare...niente va bene   First of all...I payed extra charge to update the room. (N.306)  The breakfast service is extremely slow (30 mins for a Latte).  The waitress seems to be unable to deliver the order in timely manner. In the room, the carpet and furniture are dirty, old and with clear signs of use. The shower pressure is continuously unreliable and unpredictable.  The maîtresse is not comfortable it’s too soft  The customer service by the waitresses and concierge is extremely unsatisfactory, slow and below average, ms.at desk always surf on her mobile phone.  The smell in the room is so strong   And we have only 2 little soaps 1 body cream (without conditioning) per 3 days, in the bathroom isn’t window isn’t van.  Is it a 4 stars?  There is a lot of personnel who…",Date of stay: December 2018,1.0
211,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or210-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",We had a great time... ,"Stayed overnight with my wife for some 'us time' and had a really nice time.   Large double bedroom with ensuite bathroom, large living room with balcony. Generally well decorated and clean throughout.  Had the mixed grill, dessert, alcoholic beverages, tea and coffee in Banu Persian style restaurant in the evening and afternoon tea with selection of exquisite sandwiches, scones and cakes for two the next day.   The dining area was very Christmasy with decorations around a traditional fireplace and a Christmas tree with 'pressies' underneath.   It was one of the guests' birthday and the staff dimmed the lights, brought out a cake and sung 'Happy Birthday'...   A light continental breakfast was brought to our room so we didn't have to get up too early! 😉  Food was excellent, the…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
212,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or210-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A 4 star hotel? Not really!,"I would not consider The Cranley as four star hotel. To start with there is no proper reception area. My room was nothing special and I also had the impression that the pillow linen had not been changed. It smelled. Stains were everywhere: on the carpet, on the bed head etc etc. Not to mention the poor breakfast I had. Last but not least the unfriendly reception staff. In a few words: never again.",Date of stay: December 2018,2.0
213,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or210-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Would not recommend,"My girlfriend booked a Groupon for this hotel so we didn't set our expectations too high but arrived expecting a reasonably nice room considering the description was for a four star hotel in a 'superior double room'. Instead we were met with an incredibly dated and cramped looking room on the first floor that bore absolutely no resemblance to any of the photos online. There was some kind of air conditioning unit on the floor blocking the way to the left side of the bed, which had a large tube hanging out of a massive hole in the window. Due to this massive hole, the room was absolutely freezing the whole time we were there. In addition to this, every time we used the taps there was a horrible noise which we also had to suffer every time the people in the room next to us turned…",Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
214,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or210-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",very cosy little hotel,"Very friendly staff, nice room, great breakfast.  Our son celebrated his birthday while we stayed here, and the staff made us a nice chocolate-cake for free!!  We were so happy and greatful!  Thank you very much!   The area was quiet, 10 minutes walk to the tube.   One of our rooms were not as expected, but the receptionist made a good job to give us another one.  The other room had a funny shower (cold, warm, cold, warm.etc......) Not easy to handle, but we had a good laugh:",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
215,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or215-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Charming small hotel, old-fashioned hospitality","Having read some of the awful reviews on this site, I was a little apprehensive about this hotel. However, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would definitely return. All the staff were very helpful, friendly and professional and it was clear that they are trying really hard to ensure guests enjoy their stay. I had a lovely room at the top of the hotel, with a large, comfortable bed and an excellent bathroom. It was very quiet, and spotlessly clean.  I ate my evening meal in the Persian restaurant downstairs; the two course meal was very good, fresh and healthy with good-sized portions.  The continental breakfast (served in my room) was two Danish pasties, coffee and orange juice, which was just right for me.  The hotel location is excellent, in an exclusive area just 5 minutes…",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
216,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or215-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely and all too short stay.,"We had a super time at this hotel. The decor was lovely and a little quirky. The evening meal was delicious and the room was delightful. For us though, the wonderful Lisa, the member of staff who looked after us and treated us so well was the highlight of our stay. Thoroughly recommended.",Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
217,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or215-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Surprise,I must say I’m surprised by a lot of the reviews on here. We booked last minute and fortunately got room 207 - we stayed in well renowned 5 star hotels the two nights prior and this room far surpassed both and for half the price. The service was friendly and the food fantastic.,Date of stay: December 2018,5.0
218,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or215-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",What a lovely hotel,I booked a repeat trip to the Cranley hotel with my colleague as we had an event at the Grosvenor house hotel. This boutique hotel is full of charm and beauty we choose it for the homely vibe and close proximity to all our favourite restaurants cafes and museums and of course close transportation if we need to take the tube. We love sitting in the colourful lounge having their Persian food which is a must and just as colourful and delicious as the interior! I booked the four poster bed like last time as it is possibly the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on and fit for a king! My college booked a deluxe room which was equally as good although I do prefer the four poster bed as it’s so special! We choose the option to have breakfast in our room which was brought up on time…,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
219,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or215-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The most wonderful hotel experience ever in London,"My boyfriend and I stayed for a weekend last year during December and I’ve been dying to go again ever since. It was an absolute joy - the castle-like interior, the cosy atmosphere, the delicious Persian food and especially the exceptional service we received was absolutely wonderful! Waking up in a beautiful and romantic suite, having breakfast in bed while the snow was falling outside made it the most perfect and idyllic hotel experience I’ve had in London. We’re going again this year and I can not wait!",Date of stay: December 2017,5.0
220,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or220-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel and lovely resturant,"Been here for 2 nights with my best friend and we totally enjoyed the stay, the room was lovely and also we had a very nice dinner in the resturant. The prices are very good considering is the hotel is based in central london and we will definitly come back!",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
221,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or220-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Thank you for a wonderful dinner service Lisa.,"Dined at The Cranley Hotel this evening.  Delightful food.  Exceptional service from Lisa who was professional, gracious and made us feel ever so welcome as we dinned in beautiful intimate surroundings.  Highly recommendable.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
222,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or220-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Had amazing stay with my Husband at this fabulous hotel,"Had dinner with my husband at the restaurant, loved the food was very unique, delicious and especial as it was Persian food especially Gromeh Sabzi and Gheimeh Bademjan, it was the best food I have ever had in London, The manager and the staff were amazing great customer service, had wonderful time, we also stayed at the hotel for 2 nights and been treated like 5 star hotel.  will definitely be going back and I highly recommend this hotel and restaurant with their especial unique Persian food",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
223,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or220-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",One night,"Room we got wasn't one in pic on the confirmation paperwork, think we got this one as we used a Groupon and not paid full rate. Bathroom cold water tap for sink did not work so it was only hot water, which dripped all night, grout on shower tiles was all loose and falling out, shower drained real slow by the time you finished your shower there was well over a inch of water in the tray.  Pillows not very good if you like a firm pillow these are not for you.  Staff very polite and friendly full English breakfast was good but but would not fill you up for long. If food delivered to room expect some dirt in plates.",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
224,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or220-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Thank you for making it special,Not the one to review but this time it had to be done.  Been travelling to London for the last 10 years for work and a bit of a break and have stayed in few hotels but none have come close to Cranley.   Emailed the reservations team that we were celebrating my   girlfriends birthday and if early check in was possible. Not only was the room ready when we checked in were treated by glass of bubbly and some cakes. Nice touch guys. Thank you.   We were given the room on the fourth floor room 407 (lift goes to the third floor only). The room is massive has a living room with sofa and a balcony with table and chairs. It's well maintained.  We choose the hotel for the area and the location does not get any better right in the heart of the city close to museums. There are a few…,Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
225,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or225-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Home away from Home,"The best asset of a company is arguably your staff. Well get prepared for an exceptional and warm welcome from the Cranley Hotel. Not only are they warm and welcoming but they simply cannot do enough for you to ensure an enjoyable stay.  The Hotel is spotless, cozy and charming ,and the room certainly didn’t disappoint. The bed was very comfortable and almost everything you need is in the room including a spacious bathroom. I didn’t have an iron which would have been useful but maybe if I had asked it could have been done quickly.  Breakfast was delicious with the usual array of wholesome breakfast foods available on request. Hot food is ordered and was very good including the fresh pancakes.  Dinner was another level. Not quite silver service but almost. I recommend the Juje…",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
226,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or225-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great Small Hotel, Great Location"," We recently spent 9 nights at the Cranley Hotel in Kensington, London. We could not have been more pleased. The hotel is such a short walk from Kensington Palace and Albert Hall so it makes it easy to walk anywhere. We were in the lovely suite which was large and charmingly decorated with Victorian period furnishings including an exceptionally comfortable, massive four poster bed.  Bathroom was beautifully decorated with stylish colours- although it was in our opinion a little too small. The service was OUTSTANDING and housekeeping and room service were top notch.  The food at Banu for breakfast and dinner was excellent. What struck us was the attitude of staff and management, anything to please!  We enjoyed every minute of our stay there and would definitely come back! Our…",Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
227,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or225-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Remarkable Stay!!!! Fantastic!!!!!! thank you,"Stayed in room 107, our stay was not just pleasant but delightful the breakfast is one of the best i have had nothing was too much for them. The location is perfect and service great. Looking forward to next week stay. I am surprised by the past reviews  i was skeptical but the staff assured me and lived up to there promise. Thank you guys! 5* throughout.",Date of stay: November 2018,5.0
228,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or225-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I would have been warmer sleeping in an igloo,"I’ve stayed in room 105 only for one night (fortunately) on a business trip to London.   Upon arrival I realised the room was very very cold but immediately I realised one of the windows was fully opened (not a good idea for the middle of November in London). Since I had to go out again for a business dinner and the air condition was on, I closed the window and left the room.   When I returned again, the room was still completely freezing so I tried to see if I could bring the temperature up by trying out the AC only to realise it would only work for cooling, not for warming. The radiator in the room was off. So basically not only the hotel had a room with a full open window in the middle of November, as well as the AC on to make it even more freezing and the heating turned…",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
229,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or225-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Now a PLACE TO BE AVOIDED!!!,"Now a PLACE TO BE AVOIDED!!! Though originally a great place for your stay in London, with the new management / ownership things have deteriorated significantly.  Not only is routine maintenance barely addressed, a refund of payment was not forthcoming even though it was agreed with the hotel.  I had to dispute the charge and get reimbursed by my credit card as the hotel was dragging their feet to reimburse me.",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
230,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or230-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid this hotel,"I booked this hotel having seen an offer for a stay with afternoon tea. It was as a gift for my daughter's 21st and having seen the website I thought it looked great and having ""four stars"" would be perfect.   This is NOT a four star hotel. It's more like a run down b&b. The staff are inundated with complaints and deal wearily with them. The room we were given had mould in the bathroom, a big brown damp patch on the ceiling, the window was broken and taped up with cardboard and packing tape. I had phoned and emailed twice to confirm our afternoon tea only when we arrived they had a baby shower going on so said we couldn't have it. This hotel is nothing like the website or the star rating. Do not waste your money.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
231,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or230-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea on a very wet day in London,"Service and food were very good  Décor a little sad  As my husband and I are not tea drinkers it was good to have Prosecco as an option.  Best bit was the scones , jam and clotted cream. All sandwich fillings were interesting. ",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
232,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or230-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fair reflection,"I booked this room a few months ago for a special occasion, approaching the weekend I was feeling very nervous due to reading some of the reviews.   We were greeted be a friendly receptionist by the name of Sandia who was welcoming down to earth and friendly, and gave us complimentary Prosecco due to the event being a birthday event.   We had the afternoon tea, sandwiches were lovely, the scones were warm out of the oven which were very enjoyable, however the cream cakes weren't very nice, not fresh they must have been multipack/frozen pack or something like that, would be very easy for you to improve the quality of the cake selection very easily :)   The lounge area was very quirky and has great potential with a little bit of a paint and a deep clean, however it was still a…",Date of stay: November 2018,3.0
233,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or230-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Terrible hotel, terrible service and worse probably haunted.","The staff are very unfriendly aloof and unhelpful and unprofessional.  from the entrance to the rooms, theres a strong smell of food, so yes end up smelling like food too.  The beds are small and too soft i.e horrible cheap mattresses.  The lights were broken, door handles broken, the carpets awfully old and dirty (See pic), completely run down hotel.  The heating wasn't working so had to change rooms, the next room was just as bad as the first.  The TV kept turning on in the middle of the night at random!!!!!",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
234,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or230-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A fading gem,"The Cranley used to be my favorite hotel in London and I have stayed there multiple times over the last 10 years. Sadly, this last stay will be my last. It is obvious that hotel has switched owners and the attention to detail has slipped. It is not a 4-star hotel. It doesn’t even come close.   The Cranley used to be a charming hotel and now it just looks dingy and faded. Many of the pictures posted on TripAdvisor are old and show the hotel as it used to be - clean, homey, and full of antiques. Gone is the old, charming front desk,  comfortable lounge with blue velvet chairs, and friendly staff. The front desk is now a tiny table in the front hallway and the lounge has been crowded with small tables and odd, cheap looking, mismatched armchairs. The staff were fine, but they…",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
235,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or235-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!,"WARNING.... If you are thinking of booking this hotel...DONT! IF you have already booked it...good luck! Really disgusting hotel, both service and hygiene are a major cause for concern. 1* rating is generous and that's only because its in a good location. That is all it has going for it. And after reading the reviews I'm not holding my breath on getting my £50 deposit back either but I will be chasing it if it's not back in my account within 5 working days!",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
236,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or235-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",What is happening to the Cranley Hotel ???,"I used to stay in this hotel for the past 10 years ! I love the neighbourhood and I used to love the hotel too !  But now ?!!!! Last June, I was already surprised : the hotel was not clean and the service very poor. But yesterday ! No service, bedrooms with stinks everywhere, noisy people ! My poor mother in law (88 years old) has been woken up during the night by a naked guy who wanted to pee in her bathroom ! What a nightmare ! Cranley hotel : wake up !!",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
237,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or235-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","i have stayed at this hotel several times and has always been an excellent choice.  However, it has changed .....","as I said above, my past experience was not so good as in the past.   The management/ownership of the hotel has changed and I could feel it from the moment I arrived.   People working in this hotel don't seem to be  happy.  Their attitude is not of someone that is willing to attend to customers' needs or requests. No problems or anything wrong that they did; just that they do not seem to care to make an extra effort.   I was very disappointed with the room.   It was large but old and rundown and not clean as I remember other rooms in this hotel.    And it was sad to me because I always had very good family memories from  this hotel.",Date of stay: October 2018,3.0
238,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or235-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty towers,"Quite the strange experience, reception are very frosty to any type of request.And English seems to be a problem for some of the staff members. £16for abottle of Heineken and a cheap Gordon’s gin.poor",Date of stay: November 2018,2.0
239,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or235-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID AT ALL COSTS. WORST HOTEL ON EARTH,"I have never been so dissatisfied with a hotel in my life. The customer service is atrocious, the staff are EXTREMELY RUDE AND UNHELPFUL. THEY did not give prior notice that a £50 deposit is required on arrival.Once they took this I was advised I would get my money refunded within 2 working days. The day of our departureI further queried the refund  I was then advised that it would take 3-5 working days. One week later I am still waiting. I called the hotel and a very rude female told me to talk to the accounts department, I was put on hold for over 10mins. When I called back the same rude female told me there was none available to help me.  I asked her hie I would go about getting my money back and she dropped the phone. When I called back she told me she doesn't have time for…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
240,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or240-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Mr. Smith,"This is the worst london hotel i’ve ever stayed in, ever. Stay away at all costs, this dodgy hotel should be banned from operating.  1. Curtains don't close, asked them to fix it for 4 days, but was always ignored. 2. “Continental” breakfast only has toast/pastry size of a biscuit/tea/ coffee! 3. Staff dont give a toss what guests ask for, the standard reply is always “no we dont”, “we dont have it”, always “no”! 4. I asked if theres any toothpaste/brush, i was told no but go buy it myself. 5. Room is dirty, dusty, old and extremely dated. 6. When asked for table for 2 for breakfast, staff asked me to find seats and move the chairs myself, not bothered to help. 7. During my 4 days stay, i came across 5 guests complaining this is the worst hotel in London. Can’t  agree more. …",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
241,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or240-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Do not believe the good ratings ,"BIG DISAPPOINTMENT. Poor Service, very unfriendly staff (especially the blond lady at the night desk), dirty rooms, no mirror, old bathrooms (water not working properly, no socket for hair dryer), run down lobby, greasy furniture... way too expensive! NEVER AGAIN.",Date of stay: November 2018,1.0
242,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or240-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming Hotel,We stayed for one night at the hotel and upon arriving the lady on reception was so friendly and helpful. The room was delightful. Full of old world charm. The only thing missing from the room was tea and coffee making facilties. We had a room over looking the front of the hotel. The bed was extremely comfortable.,Date of stay: October 2018,5.0
243,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or240-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Don't believe the good rating ,"From the minute we arrived to the moment of checking out, this hotel never failed to disappoint. It is in a lovely location with easy access to the tube. The actual building is beautiful with lots of potential but that's it for positives.  The staff is unhappy, chaotic, resentful. There are a couple who I think in a better hotel  would do well, but at the Cranley they are awkward and embarrassed.  The factual negatives are:  there is no kettle with tea and coffee in the room( when did you last go to a hotel that did not offer at least that); they demand that you order your breakfast and give the time you want it the night before, but then don't provide what you ordered ( they'd run out of grapefruit juice) and you have to wait if the tables are full; the ""continental"" breakfast…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
244,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or240-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",An utter shambles,"Just don’t. Whenever you go through the reviews here and think you may be able to justify chancing it, stop yourself. Dirty, rude, noisy mobile air con units in room, no stairs and just watch out as Last-minute are selling this hovel as one of its Top Secrets. It’s an absolute rotter of a hotel. ",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
245,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or245-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Shocking unorganised 3*,"Booked this hotel based on images and description on the hotel website of the rooms and value for money, On arrival we were told we had been upgraded to an executive king room which we were delighted about as a rare trip to London just got better.. so excited as we got to the top floor and our faces dropped as we open the door to a little worn out box room that looked dirty, unable to close the window due to an air con pipe from the unit hanging out of it, no robes, no “canopy draped bed” as advertised, tiniest TV tucked in a cupboard, no tea / coffee facilities (another couple complained while we were there) tiny bathroom and a broken curtain pole so couldn’t close them, stains everywhere. We were so upset so went down to reception and told them this wasn’t even a superior…",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
246,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or245-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I had hoped this would be my Chelsea home from home,"But it is not.  It looks lovely from the outside and the welcome at reception is very friendly, but it all went a bit downhill from there.  I booked a single room, (it has a double bed) so I was not expecting anything spacious, but I was expecting clean and efficient and it was neither.  The carpet needed a good vacuuming, it was far from clean, and the decor is general is dated so cleaning is difficult - a large crack for instance in the floor in the doorway to the shower.  Ground floor at the back, fine, but it was in the corner of a staircase so footfall just outside quite noisy.  No tea and coffee making facility in the room - I must admit I thought this was universally standard these days - and I had paid £200 for this room.  no hair drier in the room.  flickering overhead…",Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
247,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or245-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy hotel ,"Unbelievable, this hotel has 4 stars???  The AA need to look again, how is it possible?!! Carpets are filthy, the headboard looks disgusting, there are no hangers??  PAT testing is out of date=fire hazard. Evidence photos attached, £200+ shocking!",Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
248,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or245-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Awful dirty room and corridors ,We stayed in this hotel and how they have 4 star rating beggars belief. The pillows have no protectors the head board was filthy dirty as was the carpets No hangers in the wardrobe and no glasses for drinks. There was a hose pipe grout of the bedroom window for air con The TVs was stuck on one Chanel. The lounge reception was set up for afternoon tea. The table clothes were not even ironed. The carpets are dirty and torn. Clearly who ever owns this hotel really doesn't care about guest experience! If you do t mind sleeping in others peoples bodily fluids book this hotel ! ,Date of stay: October 2018,1.0
249,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or245-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Faded elegance,"We booked a Superior Double room at the hotel through a secret escapes/late luxury promotion and ended up paying £150 for our stay. For this price in Kensington, I would have been happy with a leaky cupboard! The room was massive - we had a large double bed with a TV in a sizable bedroom with an en suite bathroom which had a lovely deep bath. We also had a balcony with a view of the London skyline, which was a hidden treat! Some of the decor was a little faded/tired but everything was spotlessly clean. There were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room, but we did not mind this.  The hotel is on an extremely quiet street with barely any noise from traffic or passersby, which was brilliant as I had a half-marathon to run and needed a good night's sleep. That said, there…",Date of stay: October 2018,4.0
250,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or250-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent location but 4-star accommodation does not mean quality and service,"Good neighborhood with fine restaurants and pubs; close to transportation hubs. Small rooms but clean and comfortable. Onsite restaurant with good food. Some of the staff were pleasant, others not so much.   Followup on requests were negligible. Inadequate clothes storage space in room. Portable A/C unit didn't cool room. No elevator on one side of hotel. Shower water temperature fluctuates from cool to hot. Not all electrical outlets, lights and clock are operational.   If you are willing to accept the bad with the good, the Cranley may be worthwhile.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
251,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or250-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice place,"We stayed at the Cranley in Sept. 2018 for a full week.  We really liked it.  The location is really great, as it is close to several tube stops, near lots of restaurants and shopping, etc.  The facility is in good shape and the staff were friendly and helpful.  We had an issue with the WiFi, but it was quickly fixed.  We had breakfast there one day and it was really good.  It was also very quiet at night, which was great.",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
252,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or250-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",amateurish and not worth the money,Not great and over priced for what you get.     Dated and needs refurbishment.    Bedroom really small.  Only suitable for one person and certainly not appropriate if you are needing to work.    Reception a scruffy table with paper everywhere.    Old building so I accept the character but the carpets were dirty which isn’t excusable.  No Kettle in the room or hangers! Dripping tap in bathroom.   TV remote and hairdryer missing.    You have to choose what time you have breakfast and what you want the night before even if you want it in the lobby (ie not room service).  Having done that it was delivered 10 mins late which was annoying.  What is the point giving a time slot?  Quality of breakfast not best.  Toast not cooked and not wrapped up so cold. Orange juice warm.   Lift only…,Date of stay: October 2018,2.0
253,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or250-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disorganised,"This is a lovely hotel but I should imagine is family run and sadly service lets them down badly, there was either 4or 5 people at the desk or for very long periods none! Breakfast is oh so slow, we waited 25 minutes for tea and toast ( which was so pale it could have been bread) despite being the only people waiting. The evening meal was included in our deal and was bland and overcooked and very poor, but by the time it arrived couldn't be bothered to complain as we didn't want anything else.",Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
254,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or250-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Welcoming Hotel,Hotel is recommended for those looking for period charm and a warm welcome but if you expect to find double glazed windows then look elsewhere. It is located on a quiet side street off Old Brompton Road a short walk from Gloucester Road tube station. There are pubs and restaurants on Old Brompton Road.,Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
255,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or255-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn’t waste your money!!,Tried ringing to query where the nearest parking for this hotel would be and after asking the guy to spell it out so I had the correct place he hung up on me. Terrible customer service and I will not be wasting my money here!,Date of stay: September 2018,1.0
256,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or255-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Period property,"Stayed for 2 nights at this hotel. It is a little bit off the main drag in a quiet residential area. The hotel doesn't appear to have a lift so avoid if you have issues with stairs as they are very steep. Room was large with 4 poster bed, there were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room (well not that I could find) I had read reviews before arriving so knew to book my continental breakfast the evening before, however on the 2nd stay no order card was left so no breakfast. I'm sure if I had called down it would have been rectified but couldn't be bothered after a long day at work. Having to leave your key at reception was also a very dated aspect of this hotel and one I wasn't too comfortable as they were in a cabinet at the front door and when I came back on 2nd…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
257,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or255-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyed our stay,"We really enjoyed our stay.  My husband and I, along with our 6 month old, stayed for 7 days.  The room was great.  Highly recommend paying for the larger room if you can.  It was more than enough room for us.  A few things were a little dirty (a stain or two on the drapes and such) but we can look past things like that when they are clearly antique.  The bed was very comfortable.  The staff was extremely friendly and very helpful.  The restaurant downstairs is DELICIOUS and very convenient.  The location of the hotel is perfect.  It's a very quiet street so you can enjoy your room at night with the windows open.  It's also just a very short walk to the underground station.  We really enjoyed our stay at The Cranley!",Date of stay: September 2018,5.0
258,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or255-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Was disappointed; now encouraged.,"My wife and I stayed at this very well located hotel at least a dozen times in its prime years, but had not been back for 23 years. We loved it. Outstanding 4* hotel. When we arrived two days ago, we were immediately and sorely disappointed. It has been reorganized such that the reception desk is jammed in the front hall. No longer the gracious desk in the salon with two chairs for the guests to check in and have a sherry. In fact, the salon has been converted into a restaurant. Terribly ill-advised move by the current owners. No longer a place like home to invite friends. (BTW they show old pictures on the web site - false advertising!) The place is tired and needs work. So AFTER arriving, we read the reviews, and learned that there is a new GM who is trying to bring the place…",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
259,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or255-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Location Location,Well located in London. Old building with reasonable sized rooms and bathrooms. Make sure that you take a pic of mini bar contents on arrival/ departure to avoid confusion. Wi fi is unreliable and insecure. You will hear numerous excuses as the staff rotate during the day. Continental breakfast is basic but coffee is good. Service is slow.,Date of stay: September 2018,3.0
260,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or260-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",AVOID. Gone downhill.,"My mother had stayed in this hotel about 4 times previously with no problem. However, this time it was very different.   First of all the man on reception was extremely rude, dismissive and argumentative, as if everything we had done or said was wrong. Also a small thing but no offer was made to show us to our room let alone carry our suitcases. This man is in the wrong job and badly lets the Cranley down.  We were allocated a tiny 'twin' room (room so small there was no gap between the beds) with ripped, stained curtains and hairs left from the previous occupants. Sheets smelt stale.  Matt in the restaurant immediately spoke to his manager and changed our room to what must be one of the best in the hotel, then carried our bags to our new room. Thank you Matt, the Cranley needs…",Date of stay: September 2018,2.0
261,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or260-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel stealing money from you. Terrible,"First of all this is NOT a 4* hotel. Yes it has some quirky features and old quint essential Edwardian furniture, but the level of service is so poor.  I had £50 stolen from me by the hotel ‘pre authorisation for the mini bar in the room’ ok not a problem. I drank two bottles of the red wine and paid £15 on my departure for the wine. The hotel has kept the £50 ‘pre authorisation’. I have sent them numerous emails to three email addresses including the general managers and I have had no response. I have called several times, was even transferred to the ‘finance’ department who denied all knowledge.  Such a poor and illegal set up. Certainly avoid at all costs.  There are hundreds of hotels in the area so avoid the Cranley in Kensington   To finish, it was the height of summer and…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
262,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or260-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",So much better than the reviews ,"I booked this hotel because it looked fine and location for a wedding attendance was perfect. Having read all the negative reviews whilst sitting at the airport waiting to fly to London, we were a bit concerned, but I can honestly say, it was very comfortable and very friendly. It’s like staying in a friends house- yes there’s the odd mark on a carpet, and there are a couple of bits that need touching up paint wise, but that’s no doubt why is so reasonable price wise. Uber chic it aint, soulless corporate it ain’t, but welcoming,clean, great beds and showers,it certainly is. Will certainly use again and don’t hesitate to recommend- unless your OCD !",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
263,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or260-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Family girls holiday,"We started the trip a little disappointed...1st room cold with little blankets on offer and poor bedding on the third bed. reporting our disappointment the next morning however Sandya, the manager, saved our trip by solving our issues in record time and totally professionally. Hotel is a little tired but just needs a little tlc which wont take much. However its location and food is fabulous!! Staff were lovely!",Date of stay: September 2018,4.0
264,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or260-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Do NOT book, your bank account will thank you. ","This hotel has stolen nearly 2,000$ from me, and is lying about it. Be wary.   -  I prepaid before I stayed here for a week in July, specifically July 16th - 23rd, at which time I was meant to spend a few days in Paris. I did not get to go. upon arriving at the Underground station, I get an email saying that 1,971$ had been charged to my account by the Hotel Elizabeth. Freaking out, I call my bank, and my mother back home to start working on the fraud from the US. I walk my things back to the Cranley, wanting to put the rest of my luggage in holding while I made the Police Report. Upon arrival, I promptly informed the front desk woman that that someone had stolen my card information and charged nearly 2,000 dollars to it. She asked which hotel, to which she responded “Odd,…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
265,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or265-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","The untidy, run-down Cranley Hotel","On the website they show misleading old pictures of (many!) years ago, showing a level the hotel does not belong to. I bought an Executive Double Room which I paid 192 pounds (= 215 euro – 250 $) and which had nothing to do with what was shown on the website: (one flor up from the last one served by the elevator and they didn’t even mention but that’s ok) - I found a movable air conditioning piece on top of the window sill (!) doing a hell of a noise that is impossible to use (and sleep); - To open the window I had to climb on the armchairs and then on the window sill…the room was so hot that we have kept the door opened as well as the window in the corridor;  I realized about the heath and the impossibility to use the movable air conditioning because of its noise, and I shared…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
266,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or265-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid Avoid Avoid worst hotel in London and the staff are appalling,Myself and my wife completed a reservation at Cranley Hotel on the 24/08/2018 the room allocated was room 501 with a £50 deposit requested to be placed on the room at check in for any damages incurred or mini bar extras (which i was dubious about at the time).  When myself and my wife arrived at the hotel we were told that our room would not be ready until the allocated check in time of 14:00 and so we left and then returned at 14:20. We were told that the room was still not quite ready and so we waited in the lobby area until we were handed the keys to the room around 14:30.  When we went to the room the door was already unlocked and so we entered. Upon entering the room i immediately noticed that the room was set up as a twin and so i returned to the reception and asked if…,Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
267,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or265-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","A night of romance, fighting over a chair and sweating!","On a whim (It was a on a bus, actually) Myself & the OH decided that the flames needed rekindling, and that a night away from home was in order. After looking through a discount voucher site (rhymes with poupon) we discovered this particular ""Boutique"" hotel. Now (As a former Hotel Worker - 2 minutes from this one as it happens) I was always confused by the term ""Boutique""...it turns out, the owner of this hotel must be as equally confused as I! This can be the only explanation for the mish-mash of decors and styles. Persian Cuisine in a Regency setting with Georgian decor... We checked in at the allowed hour and hit a problem. A £50 credit card authorisation is required for ""Damage and Use of Minibar""...This may prove awkward for some, and indeed has proved awkward for me - As…",Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
268,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or265-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant stay with good food,"Our kids arranged this overnight stay as part of a birthday weekend of treats. After reading the reviews on here I was a bit nervous as to what to expect. However we were pleasantly surprised. Yes its old and there isn't a proper reception, but it was quite quirky and parts of the hotel are beautiful, with original features.   Our room was clean and very nice. The bathroom could do with an upgrade but it wasn't so shabby it was unhygienic. The water pressure was good.  The bed was clean and reasonable. In the evening we had a Persian dinner sitting outside...the dishes were all absolutely delicious. The following morning we had breakfast in bed which was cooked beautifully.  The staff were lovely. The location is great. We would definitely go back.",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
269,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or265-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel shame about the service...,We spent 3 nights at Cranley for a long weekend stay in London.  Its a small 'townhouse' style hotel about 10 mins from Gloucester Road tube station in a quiet residential street.  The reception area was a single desk in a very small corridor and when we arrived it was clear the hotel were not expecting us as despite it being late afternoon we had to wait for the room. When we finally got there it had an old fashioned portable Air Conditioner with the air vent hanging out of an open window. This meant that the window had to stay open so because the cold air was competing with the hot air it meant the room remained warm. It also meant that the already small room was made smaller by the washing machine size of the A/C.  Breakfast was a complete fiasco. Despite our room rate…,Date of stay: August 2018,3.0
270,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or270-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible!,"I would not recommend this maximum 1 star hotel! They don’t have concierge, air-con (they put a fan), they didn’t had even soap in the hotel, as I asked for because in the room was none! Terrible service! The owner is an aggressive person who is shouting for no reason and is making racist remarks!!! Strongly not recommend!!",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
271,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or270-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasant stay,"We spent a very pleasant couple of days at the Cranley. After reading some of the reviews on here I was a little worried but everything was fine. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and made us feel welcome.The room was perhaps a little on the small side but was clean and comfortable. The Cranley is in a excellent location, on a quiet road and around 5 minutes walk from the nearest tube. The hotel is furnished in a somewhat eclectic way which gives the feel and appearance of a period house. For me it made a welcome change from the corporate uniformity that is the norm at many hotels. There is a lift but not all rooms are easily accessible which means we had to climb a couple of flights of stairs. I didn't have a problem with this but perhaps it is worth bearing in mind…",Date of stay: August 2018,4.0
272,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or270-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely surprise and we were well cared-for.,"We were transferred here because another hotel was having 'maintenance issues'... But what a good surprise! This is a beautifully-decorated, period-piece, but up-to-date hotel, serving teas, breakfasts, dinners in the lovely dining area (with the best small brightly-decorated armchairs ever) - very warm welcome and care (especially after our unexpected move) from kind Staff. Great, clean room. Very happy, thank you.",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
273,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or270-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The worst booking experience ever.,"We already paid in April, and when we checked-in on the 14 Jul, the staff told us that the room was not available, and sent us to another hotel.  What I found out later was that they used my credit card details without my authorisation, to book and pay for  the other hotel via Booking,com( I had since rang Booking,com and they can confirm to me that The Cranley made this booking).   Cranley said they will refund the following Monday (16 Jul) £128.52 and £340 - but that was a lie. After chasing them for 3 weeks, they never refunded;   I had to involve Booking.com, and even then, Cranley did not response to Booking,com. I had since reported this to my credit card company, and to the card fraud department.  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone - as they are not honest in the…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
274,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or270-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The worst afternoon tea EVER,"Today, I visited the Cranley Hotel with a friend. I had been given a Buyagift voucher for the experience, which was DIABOLICAL!  The hotel is tired. The one shared toilet is in the dingy basement and had no hand towel! The staff were inattentive and the food was appalling! Nothing was ‘homemade’. Sandwich fillings included ‘plastic’ ham and cheese served in dry bread. The 2 scones had been heated in the oven and as a consequence, were also dry with burnt bases. The only other items were some mini bite-sized macaroons (these were the saving grace) and a mini Victoria sponge and coffee cake clearly bought from the local supermarket. Tea and a glass of prosecco were ok, but overall, this is the worst experience I have had of afternoon tea. We did try to address the matter with the…",Date of stay: August 2018,1.0
275,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or275-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Persian dinner ,"Another three course set menu Groupon dinner at the Cranley. We sat outside this time enjoying a very hot summer's evening. Smoked aubergine, grilled salmon, and the best baklava with ice cream I've ever tasted. We had a very charming waiter from Spain,  he was engaging, chatty and couldn't do enough for us, far different from the waiting team the last time we were there, a refreshing change - he really added to our experience. Will definitely dine here again  :) ",Date of stay: August 2018,5.0
276,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or275-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Value for Money!!!,"4 of us visited for afternoon tea on a groupon voucher we had brought as a last minute something to do last Saturday. I called the hotel to book and they fitted us in straight away. Afternoon tea was great - loads of sandwiches and lovely cakes. Really couldn't fault the food. We asked for more pots of tea, which came no problem, but they had re-used the tea bags we had in our first pots. Brian, our server was amazing!! So attentive and couldn't do enough for us. We had a great chat about where he came from and he was really engaging. Highly recommend coming here for afternoon tea, especially if you can get a groupon voucher - makes it such good value!!! Thank you Brian for looking after us!!",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
277,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or275-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very bad booking experience,"We booked this hotel at a refundable rate. The hotel charged us anyway for the total amount at the time of booking, 4 months prior to our arrival date. We questioned this and asked to get a refund, over and over again. Allthough they eventually admitted they had charged us by mistake, we never got a refund from the hotel. The amount was about £1500. Even though we after three months cancelled our booking we still did not get the refund. Finally we had to open a card dispute case through our bank and after 5 months we got our money back (through the bank). A terrible  experience and very bad service, including lies from the staff ensuring to call us back when we contacted them (never did) and promises to refund (never did). Lots of time and frustration spent on our side. I would…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
278,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or275-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",An Ideal London Stay,"I have stayed at The Cranley three times, most recently last month June 2018, and I am amazed by the kind professional care of the staff and beautiful rooms that highlight the elegance and charm of classic London. The location couldn't be better for access to great restaurants, museums and the tube only minutes away. The real draw is the  peaceful style of a spacious room, beautiful canopy bed and more open space than most private homes. My recent stay was wonderful and I will look forward to visiting again.",Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
279,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or275-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Dishonest ,"We recently booked a room at this hotel through a 3rd party.  We paid a little extra to stay in a superior double room.  When we arrived we were given our room 203, which seemed very small but as it was a quaint little hotel, thought this must be it as it was long and thin(with a Hall way between the room and bathroom).  We only had one dressing gown and slippers supplied, but as we had booked plans we were not going to be in the room for much time.  The air con didn’t work and there was no hair dryer, which was a pain but as only for one night, didn’t bother.  The bed was so small my husband and I couldn’t help touching each other, which is fine but the room was so hot and the air con not working, meant a very restless night and every time I got up to go to the toilet I woke my…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
280,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or280-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Please don't stay here,"This is a really tired, badly run hotel and I would advise anyone planning on booking to think again. If I could give no stars, then I definitely would . We booked this place to stay on 13th and 14th July and if I could have moved elsewhere we would have done.  We had 3 double ""Superior"" rooms booked and specifically booked here as all the rooms had Aircon. We arrived at around 9.30pm on Friday evening and had phoned ahead to let them know and asked what time we could order food until and were told 10 pm. When we arrived our rooms were on the top 2 floors and were unbearably hot with the Aircon not working in 2 rooms and in the 3rd my son had a portable unit with a trunk out of an open window, so could hear all the noise outside.  We tried to get moved to be told that the hotel…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
281,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or280-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Mr,"Very comfortable stay,  with large rooms and,  above all,  really decent and welcoming staff.  Sandiya and Agatha,  in particular,  were fabulous. Would have been nice if the hotel had a larger reception and a gyn",Date of stay: July 2018,4.0
282,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or280-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Stay if you like dirt and things that don't work,"Good location and nice enough welcome from the people that worked there. However other than that, this has to be one of the worst hotels I've stayed in. I don't know how they get away with running such a terrible hotel in such an upmarket area as Kensington! The decor throughout the hotel is extremely tired and worn and there's a stale smell throughout. When we received our room key we were told we had been given an ""upgrade"" which was a Nice surprise. However when we went into our room I was just thankful we had because I can't imagine how much the lesser rooms must be like. Our so called upgraded rooms smelled so bad, the wallpaper was peeling off, the air conditioning was broken, the chairs were falling apart, the the window roller blinds were broken so couldn't be closed,…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
283,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or280-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Will i go back to this hotel? mmmm 50/50,"Negative -  1)Dislike the receptionist  (cant remember her name but i think something starts from Sxxxxx)  Super unpleasant check in! we reached hotel very early and asked if there's available room (though i know check in time is 2pm) The arrogant receptionist didn't check for us till we had few arguments (she even told us, ""you guys should have known the rule of hotel check in time""! ). We asked if we can leave our luggages at the lobby if there's no room for us yet so we can go and walk around instead of waiting till 2pm.. Her arrogant face was like.. Sorry you cant (no explanation why we cant till we asked why why why??? then her answer was because we have limited space for guest to put luggages (face palm!) After few arguments... she managed to get us a big room for 3…",Date of stay: July 2018,3.0
284,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or280-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A surprise 13th birthday for our daughter ,"We booked this hotel weeks ago only to arrive and be told that the hotel was Over Booked  took them ages to arrange another hotel (and to get ready in the Loo or we’d be late for the theatre ) but I must give them credit because they did sort a taxi and the Grosvenor House, JW Marriott Hotel, only one star ⭐️ because we didn’t get to stay, but they did eventually sort us out, which I must say Thank You 😊 ",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
285,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or285-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Couldn’t fault it,"Obviously nervous after seeing the reviews. My room was clean, big enough, comfortable and with a mini bar, bath and safe. Coffee and tea all there. Lady on reception was lovely. Air con not working so they put a mobile unit in the room straight away. Really can’t see why the reviews are like this. But there are stairs - but I’m ok with that as I’m fit and like the exercise. I’d stay here again, no problem. ",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
286,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or285-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely little boutique hotel!,A lovely little boutique hotel. Some of the previous reviews worried me but when we arrived the staff were lovely and friendly and they can not do enough for you. Our room was a 4 poster and we couldn't fault it....very spacious and clean. The bed linen was crisp and clean helping to provide a good night's sleep. The property is Georgian and as such it creaks and the walls floors are not level but we loved it! The lounge room is quaint and a bit wacky.....we loved the small friendly family feel. Breakfast was delivered to our room each morning....what is not to love? The location is absolutely spot on.....the price was brilliant given the location and I have absolutely no reservation in recommending to anyone. Thanks to all the team at The Cranley....WELL DONE!,Date of stay: June 2018,5.0
287,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or285-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful staff,"My son and his fiancee paid for afternoon tea for my mother and I, and we had such a lovely time. The staff were so welcoming, friendly and attentive, and the dining room was beautiful. The warm scones were gorgeous,and there were so many cakes that we couldn't eat them all. We plan to go back for lunch one day, as the food smelt divine! Thank you for a thoroughly lovely afternoon, after a very stressful week, waiting to exchange contracts on our new house!",Date of stay: July 2018,5.0
288,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or285-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",So unhelpful!!!,"I am not one to complain, and I have never written a review on a hotel before, but this experience wasn't great and I don't want others to feel as disappointed as we did!   Booked the Cranley for a weekend away for my husbands 30th. When we arrived, we were told our stay had been cancelled due to plumbing issues and that our 'agent' should have contacted us regarding this (when calling the agent, they were also unaware of the issue). Despite the fact the hotel had our contact details, no attempt was made to notify us of this issue. When asked what we needed to do, staff didn't seem interested and were not bothered about helping us. After asking whether we could sit down somewhere as we had heavy bags and had traveled to get into London, it took us an hour to arrange another…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
289,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or285-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Stay the never happened,"My wife and I had booked a one night stay in this hotel whilst attending BST at Hyde Park. We arrived just before 2pm to check in, just wanting to leave our bags and head to the concert. We were told that our stay was cancelled because of plumbing issues and we should contact our 'agent' - Last minute.com. We were therefore left without accommodation for the night. I understand that sometimes things can happen that are beyond the hotel's control. However they had our contact details but made no attempt to contact us earlier so that we could try and make alternative arrangements. Lastminute.com were not a great deal of help. Whilst my wife was talking to them I managed to book a room in the hub by premier inn in Westminster. We were there within half an hour and checked into a…",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
290,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or290-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The cranley hotel... Wat a disappointment,"Very Poor management. Bad service. Definitely not worth it. It is my 4th days of staying here, so far i only get 1 bottle of mineral waters. They should provide itto me without me asking. Paid for extra bed. But no bed is ready until today",Date of stay: July 2018,1.0
291,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or290-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",So upsetting to see a great hotel in such bad condition!,"From the moment you arrive at the hotel – it is truly a sad runned down property.  You have many of the light bulbs without lights, dirty upholstery on the outside chairs, burned out candle lanterns, a large water pipe on the table…then in the lobby the rug is filthy…  I had one of the best rooms in the hotel that being said..I had dead plants outside my window, an air conditioner in the middle of the room with a tube hanging out the window..old upholstery – chains on the curtains that did not work, cold shower, etc  I did have a chat with the manager.  He was on staff for one week.  He listened ..but he for sure will need a budget to bring this wonderful structure with great bones back to life.    It is just horrible!  So run downed and not attention to detail.   The staff is…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
292,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or290-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Filthy - disappointing,"The Cranley has been a staple hotel in our family for years. DUe to its location and charm it had always been a top pick. We just checked out of the hotel after a four night stay.   Bedroom - filthy - bathroom toilet seat was black after a wipe down with disinfectant wipes, towels stained, bed linen disgusting, pillows stained, bed skirt torn and worn, no vacuuming daily, poor amenities called down for a shower cap and they did not have any. Chairs sunken and filthy.  Shower was hot cold no consistent flow.  Never again - come on guys - get yourselves together - youre in chelsea and kensington not some horrible council flat hotel. Basic hygiene. Sort it out.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
293,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or290-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",this is not 4 stars - its run down and dirty,"I will never stay at this hotel again. The first room I was checked into was really dirty, the bed had black hair in it it and I don't want to know what was living in the old carpet. I asked for a clean room and the receptionist was not friendly. The manager came and she was very friendly, trying to fix it. She gave me a much better room, still run down and the water pressure was litterally up and down so the shower was very much hot and miss. this hotel needs to be closed to be renovated and the staff could benefit from some training in service while the refurbishment happens. Still, thanks to the manager who got me a room that was better than the first.",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
294,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or290-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Struggling Hotel,"Stayed with my cousin for 2 nights in this Hotel.  She had previously stayed here and raved about how wonderful it was.  This time however it seemed as though no one had paid attention to the upkeep or training of staff for a very long time.  The bedroom was covered in dust, the air-con duct was filthy and not working and the bath had cleaning liquid running down the side.  The bed linen and towels were spotless. However the carpet was ripped. The window pane was cracked and the paint was pealing from the windowsill.  The hotel is very well located in a lovely quiet street and I am sure it was once a lovely property but no longer. The first night there was a clothing exhibition in the one and only lounge and people were fitting clothes in front of our room, disgusting!!! The…",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
295,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or295-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Never again!,We Used to really enjoy coming to The Cranley but will not be back.  Despite the attractive exterior it is Unkempt and very down at heel. Sadly it’s lost it’s charm - would not now recommend to anyone. Very poor value for money.,Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
296,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or295-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",What a disappointment,"Booked a 3 nights stay in this Hotel. What can I say..... The bedroom was covered in dust, bedside lockers and inside the wardrobe. I asked each morning for the room to be serviced properly. The bathroom lightbulb was blown and I took down the light and left the bulb on the desk. For 3 days it was just left there. The bedlinen and towels were spotless. However the carpet was ripped. The window pane cracked. The blind hanging off and the cords to the sash window broken. The feeling I get about this Hotel is that it is unloved. Perhaps bought as investment but very poor housekeeping and customer service. I am sure it was once a lovely property but no longer. Where are the management? Who does the staff training...... Will not return.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
297,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or295-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"Very well located; tranquile neighborhood and close to subway station and commercial avenues. Staff is friendly. The downside was lack of housekeeping; our room wasn’t fully made and amenities and towels replaced two of the four days that we stayed there.  Also, the mattress wasn’t firm at all (old).",Date of stay: June 2018,3.0
298,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or295-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Needs to be refurbished,"Lovely location but seriously in need of refurbishment. The carpet was threadbare, curtains and bed linens draping bed stained. On top of it all, the help needed a refresher on hospitality. None of the amenities were explained when we arrived. They explained that they were very busy in the morning so we needed to complete our breakfast reservations by 4am. Which we did and our continental breakfast was still 30 minutes late. ",Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
299,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or295-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Needs full refurbishment and repair,"Old grant history, we were expecting a nice hotel. But today, sorry, we experienced an asset striped hotel in bad condition. Our room and the one of our friends was fitted with an dirty floor carpet, defect furniture and fittings in the bath. We cannot recommend it at all. ",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
300,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or300-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",City break,We visited this hotel for 2 nights and chose it based on its location and reviews.  The location was perfect and near a mainline tube station and shops.  The staff were very pleasant and helpful although we did not see the same member of staff twice!  The hotel was clean and quite quirky although it was very tired and would benefit from being refurbished.  The dining room was like sitting in your lounge with low coffee tables and upholstered sofas & chairs.    Our room was spacious but as a 4 star hotel I would have expected tea & coffee making facilities.  There were basic complimentary toiletries in the bathroom however these were not replenished.  The shower was old and the water pressure varied greatly.  The tv in the room was okay but constantly pixelated which was not…,Date of stay: June 2018,2.0
301,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or300-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",WARNING: DON’T STAY IN THIS HOTEL!,"The Cranley Hotel looked very nice on the site pictures, and supposedly a 4star hotel. Don’t be fooled, nothing to do with the pictures and maximum a real 2 star. Arriving on a hot spring night, the air conditioning is not working. No solution was provided, no manager available to give us a solution, no other room available. The only answer by the mister in the pseudo-reception was “there’s nothing I can do. You can talk to the manager tomorrow”. We were in a triple room, they put us on the ground floor we couldn’t even sleep with the window open to get some fresh air because of the noise coming from the street.  On top, the room is old, dirty and smelly. Awful experience that ruined the weekend. DON’T EVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL IF YOU ARE CONVINCED BY THEIR FAKE PICTURES AND FAKE…",Date of stay: June 2018,1.0
302,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or300-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good Location - Old Hotel in need of urgent renovation,"Positive: Friendly members of staff though not all competent in the breakfast area. Good location close to Gloucester Road tube station.  Negative: Old old rooms! Stains all over most fabrics. Bed sheets non breathable (terrible in summer). We had a very loud mobile aircondition (cause temperatures where high) that required the windows to stay open for the exit hose. So traffic noise hits you from Bina Gardens... plus the aircon. The TV was ""built"" in in a way that you could at the most watch it from a 45 degree side angle due to the ceiling coming down low. The bathroom... the showers... the toilet seat.... all in URGENT NEED OF RENOVATION.... but then again... the location is good and central and the staff courteous.... but not again until renovated!!",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
303,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or300-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Horrible hotel," Went down to London to visit Chelsea Flower Show and booked this hotel via Voyage Prive, which have always been wonderful before and found us some quirky beautiful boutique hotels in various places.  However, although this was in a great location in South Kensington, with easy links to the underground, the place is all a bit tired.  The room itself was small with shabby chipped furniture and grubby carpets.   The air conditioning unit was the size of a washing machine with a large elephant trunk hose going out of the window to vent!  The window therefore had to be kept open 6” to accommodate this.  The water had damaged and stained the curtains at the window.   It was also very noisy.  Another couple we met in the lift were actually leaving the hotel as their room was…",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
304,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or300-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A tale of two rooms,"Initially I would have had to give this hotel a much lower rating. Upon arrival I was greeted by a friendly member of staff and given a key to my room, the problem was it was not the room I had booked. Through voyage prive I had booked, and pre-paid for, a superior double room, which this was not. It did not have the full bathroom or half tester bed advertised on the hotel's own website and it looked out over an ugly and noisy air conditioning unit. Returning to reception I was informed that the room I had been given was a superior room, despite the fact that on the hotels own website, the picture they use to advertise their 'classic single' was a picture of the room they were trying to give me! I pointed out that this was obviously not a superior room but was told that there…",Date of stay: May 2018,4.0
305,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or305-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location is the only plus for this Hotel","This property does not provide what it advertises. Rooms although large and sunny are very weary and need some money spent on them. Arriving late at night from a long flight and dragging luggage up two flights of stairs was not a bonus, although we were assisted by a very friendly receptionist.. Although advertised has having a bar, spirit bottles sitting on a small bar fridge does not quite make the grade. The older staff members who we presumed as Management were aloof and unfriendly. we stayed for five nights and were not acknowledged once. The property has one major plus and that's the location. Excellent are,a very posh and walking distance to everywhere.",Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
306,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or305-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Location with potential,"We stayed for one night having booked a secret escape on lastminute.com for a very reasonable £125. The hotel is a very attractive building in a quiet leafy square just a short walk from Gloucester Road Tube. An excellent location for visiting the West End and tourist attractions. I must commend the front of house staff who were exceptionally friendly, efficient and helpful. The room we had was small which is quite typical for London. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable with a good shower in the small bathroom. It was good value and suited our needs. My 3 star rating reflects the changes needed to make it a London 4 Star boutique hotel. New carpet to replace the threadbare one in our room. Take away the desk and replace with a much smaller console. Put in tea and…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
307,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or305-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",not recomended,"We stayed in Room 108 which we were told was a superior room with twin beds.  The room was very small, dingy, water marks on the curtains, bed valance not ironed, furniture old and badly needs updating. The hotel needs to be totally re-vamped. We expected a decent 4* hotel in the Knights bridge area and what we got was a run down hotel which should be demoted to a 2* hotel.",Date of stay: May 2018,1.0
308,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or305-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good location - old pictures!,Very good location - walking distance to tube etc. Pictures from lobby/reception are old - does not look like that anymore! Now it is a crowded breakfast room with strange looking furniture.  Bedrooms are spacious and very nice (like in pictures) but do not expect to sleep  for long... staff very chatty in the morning while making breakfast!,Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
309,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or305-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The Hotel could and arguably should be Excellent,"We picked the Hotel due to the fab locality and in advance of the stay, I was very surprised to see how  mixed and low the ratings were The Hotel stay was a gift, which makes the reviews somewhat easier to swallow as I would of felt very short changed If I had paid for it.  The receptionist who checked us in was fab I must say.  The room upon entering looked really nice, but it soon became apparent that short cuts had been made and it was missing some key elements.  No tea / coffee, a frankly awful court yard / non-descript view,  the toilet paper was the cheapest I have experienced.  Also the lack and quality of toiletries in the bathroom was somewhat disappointing.  I think I was just expecting alot more of the Hotel, the location and cost really does warrant a better over all…",Date of stay: May 2018,3.0
310,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or310-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Served Mr Kipling cakes at afternoon tea!,Sandwiches and scones were ok but cake selection was clearly off the shelf with Mr Kipling favourites! Not freshly baked pastries as described - very disappointing. We had paid with a gift voucher in advance and are seeking a refund via Red Letter Days.,Date of stay: May 2018,2.0
311,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or310-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Birthday get away for husband,Awful was told we had been upgraded to executive room this was a dark dingy room in the basement and was dirty the bed was 2 singles pushed together and had seen better days it was right next to the kitchen and was very noisey it was a complete disappointment I had booked this through last minute .com and was one of there secret escapes no wonder they didn't want people to know never again one ruined birthday ,Date of stay: April 2018,1.0
312,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or310-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very mediocre,"We booked the Cranley for 1 night through lastminute’s secret hotels deal, and I have to say if I had known that this was our final destination from the start, I’m not sure whether I would have done this. There are a lot of scathing reviews on TA of this hotel- which would definitely have put me off, but while I wouldn’t say that the hotel is fantastic, it certainly wasn’t (in our experience) as bad as a lot of the reviews make out.  Room was a good size, with a very large and comfortable bed, bathroom was also a decent size. Decor was mildly jaded and there was a fluffy line of pubic hairs along the wall in the bathroom but the bed linen and room in general seemed clean.   The service received when we arrived left a little to be desired, there was clearly a very large delivery…",Date of stay: April 2018,3.0
313,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or310-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Meal,"We ate here based on a Groupon deal. The hotel is situated in a lovely neighboorhood but a quiet area with not much chance of passing trade, perhaps this is why it was quiet when we visited and the reason for the Groupon deal. However we loved the slightly quirky yet grand decor of the dining area and the seating was very comfy.  We both had the 3 course and prosecco deal for £30 and it was definitely worth it. The food was great and the service very attentitive. I can't vouch for the rooms but if they are like the dining then the staff here are doing things right. ",Date of stay: April 2018,5.0
314,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or310-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A night’s stay in London ,This is a wonderful little place to stay with a friend overnight. Very friendly and welcoming staff. Great location. Sadly no tea and coffee making facilities in the room and not able to offer gluten free alternatives for breakfast. I would recommend this quaint hotel and would be happy to come again. ,Date of stay: April 2018,4.0
315,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or315-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely room,"We stayed here in December, we had a lovely room with a big 4 poster bed and massive windows looking out on to the street. It was a nicely decorated hotel however i felt a little unsafe, all the doors had big keys (extremely heavy with a massive bell style attachment ) not like modern key cards, when going out for dinner we asked if we could leave our key with them..when returning we went to pick up the key from a staff member we had not yet seen who asked our room number and handed it straight over with out asking any questions. We could have been strangers not even staying there and after that it would really put me off returning or leaving anything of slight value in the room if i was too. I also tried to have a bath one evening and again in the morning, both cold/luke warm…",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
316,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or315-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",PERFECT,"Stayed with my family for 4 days london visit, hotel located in nice area very convenient to get around. Rooms were specious and clean and the restaurant food was just delcious.  I had room with breakfast , I have upgraded to cooked breakfast which we asked to be served in the room .all in all. Very cosy place and romantic with friendly staff",Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
317,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or315-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Rubbish management. Poor hotel. ,"The fact that I downloaded the app and created an account etc which took ages just shows how much I wanted to leave a review.   Before we even arrived at hotel we tried to call numerous time beforehand to ask a question and no one ever picked up. As we established when we got there it’s because the reception desk is the size of my palm and no one is ever there. Out for everyone to see was a check in sheet as such with all the details and room numbers of the people checking in that day, and for someone who works closely with personal data I have to say that their data protection is terrible. Additionally all the room keys were left open which is a massive security concern.   Once we hailed down a member of staff to get the receptionist we checked in (after paying a £50 deposit…",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
318,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or315-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice persian dinner ,"Booked Groupon three course with a glass of prosecco, the set menu was limited particularly for vegetarians so l ordered a starter from the a la carte menu at no extra cost. Aubergine, garlic and walnuts with warm flat bread which was delicious. Chicken with flat bread was nice too but it's a cold starter.  My main was a selection of rice, although flavoursome it's a plate of rice which was ok as l like rice and don't eat it that often. Lamb and rice was nice too. Baklava and selection of cakes and cookies was very nice. Decor was quirky felt like l was having dinner in a friend's living room, which added to the charm, warm and cosy. Toilets were downstairs, this restaurant isn't suitable for disabled people. 5mins from Gloucester road tube, so a good location. ",Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
319,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or315-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful relaxing time ,We stayed in superior room for my 50th birthday which was great. We had a lovely Persian meal for dinner which was delicious also paid a supplement for an English breakfast which we had in our room which again was great. The staff were also very friendly and helpful. We really enjoyed our stay.,Date of stay: March 2018,5.0
320,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or320-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Overrated  4 star accommodation ,Booked through Secret Escapes! The room was a disgrace. Stained carpet and torn bed linen. Metal clip separating twin bed broken and a potential hazard. Immediately reported to embarrassed staff who were unable to deal with the issues. Free dinner was offered but we were unable to accept as time was limited due to theatre booking. ,Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
321,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or320-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Awful afternoon tea - avoid!,"Recently had afternoon tea at the Cranley and was shocked how poor it was.  Firstly the decor, the seating was fine but if you want to use the (only male/female) toilet it is downstairs via a corridor where the carpet is full of holes and frankly a trip hazard. The toilet itself had a seat which was absolutely disgusting. Back to the tea.. the choice of tea was very limited and the server had never heard of Darjeeling. We had a tiny pot each and had to ask for a refill which was grudgingly given. The sandwiches were very meagre and the bread cheap white and soggy. Cakes were 2cm square carrot cake and a couple of tiny macaroons. One forgettable scone, all in all very disappointing.  To top it off as we sat eating the staff decided to move rubbish sacks (very closely) past us. …",Date of stay: March 2018,1.0
322,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or320-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Some positives, but some unforgivable negatives","This is an expensive and lovely part of London. I chose this hotel through Secret Escapes because they were offering a good deal in an area I need to stay (I was going to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall). Of course prior to booking I read the reviews which are quite mixed, but I decided to take a chance. Having now stayed at the Cranley, I can see the pattern of complaints about the poor quality of the breakfast and the issues with the water supply. As other reviewers have noted, the lobby area is nicely decorated and my stay was off to a great start as I was offered complimentary coffee upon arrival - and the coffee was excellent, with a selection of macarons and cookies on offer. I was also pleasantly surprised to have been upgraded to an Executive Double Room (from a…",Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
323,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or320-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",London stay,"This hotel was located near the Gloucester Road tube station.(walked about 5min?) The room was a little bit small but interior was very classic. Staffs are normally kind, but sometimes I felt cold or stiff from them. Of course some people were very kind and support us for our perfect travel. The most favorite thing was 'serving the breakfast to our room'. It you want, you can get your breakfast at the room. there are not enough space to put breakfast plate, but it was very impressive service for me.   The room was a little bit cold, so I had to ask for more blanket. If the view is the most important term, I would not recommend because I could see the buildings through our room's windows. But this hotel is classic, stylish, and English. It was good memory to stay here with my…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
324,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or320-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Febuary break,"We stayed at the Cranley for 4 nights in late Febuary. The hotel was very warm and cosy. The staff are very polite too. The hotel is situated just a 3/4 min walk from the Gloucester Road tube station, which takes you straight into the centre of London in just a few minutes which is really handy. Between the hotel and tube station there are few nice restaurants and pubs which we tried and they too are worth a visit. As far as the Hotel goes it warm, in fact very warm we had to turn our radiator off! there was a mini bar in our room (Which wasntcomplementary!) The hotel is clean and tidy in fact it is a lovley old building with a lift should you need one. My only concern was security. We came back to the hotel after midninght on a couple of occasions we walked up to the  front…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
325,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or325-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel,Stayed here for a night while on a trip to London. Booked through top secret hotels so it was a fluke that we ended up staying here. Read some previous TripAdvisor reviews which were mixed. All I can say is that this was a very efficient hotel with excellent and attentive staff. It's a very elegant building on a quiet street in Kensington. A little off the beaten track. The hotel is furnished well for its age and has a popular restaurant and lounge where afternoon tea is served. Our room was fine if a little warm but otherwise very good. No complaints from us. Perfectly adequate and good value for this rather upmarket area of London. Don't let The mixed reviews put you off. It's a very nice hotel and we had a good experience staying here...,Date of stay: March 2018,4.0
326,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or325-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good location,"Room was tatty, blood on bed sheets!! Ripped valance...would not recommend and will never stay there again.Didn’ t Want to sit I up in bed and lean against the headboard as that looked dirty. The place needs a massive makeover!!",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
327,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or325-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Breakfast terribke,Lovely lobby/breakfast area. But room decor tired and headboard stained. Very smoke smell in bathroom. Breakfast shameful. A drink and piece of soggy toast. £5 supplement for yoghurt/cereal. Only saving grace not far from tube station on quiet street.,Date of stay: March 2018,2.0
328,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or325-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and that's about it,"The hotel location is excellent. 5 mins walk from the Gloucester Road tube station, 10 mins walk from Exhibition Road and 15 mins from The Albert Hall. It is situated off of the main road and was on a very quiet and quaint street.   The lobby area was decorated beautifully and was very unique. Perfect for a drink or two in the evening.  The rooms were OK, a little smaller than photographs suggest but perfectly fine. The decor desperately needs updating. I love the style of the room/hotel but rips/holes in the curtains/valances/carpets and missing handles on the drawers doesn't create an 'old-world' vibe - it's just old.  The only good thing about the room was the lovely clean linen and comfy bed.   When you turned on the cold tap the hot tap would leak over the sink. At one…",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
329,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or325-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",OK - but not to the standard advertised.,"Our stay at The Cranley was ""OK"" but not to the standard advertised.  We were left dissapointed over several touches it missed. For a hotel advertised to be of a good standard we felt it lacked the basics. The room was clean, pleasent decor and the bed was comfy.  Please find a summary below of the key areas that left us feeling dissapointed/need to be improved: 1. No coffee making facilities in room. - Tea/Coffee can be ordered at extra cost via room service. 2. Shower ran warm and cold intermittently. 3. We unfortunately left our toothpaste at home, which usually wouldn't pose a problem but they hold no spare essential toilettories. 4. Breakfast was of very basic quality - poor quality sausages and croissants, no tomato ketchup, only cafitiere of coffee no offer of cappaucino…",Date of stay: February 2018,2.0
330,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or330-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely afternoon tea!,"I came here for afternoon tea with my mum and we had a great time. Beautiful, contemporary interior and it had a relaxing atmosphere  We were greeted with smiles and our waitress would check on us to top up our tea. The afternoon tea spread was delightful! Felt very full afterwards.  Thank you for a pleasant afternoon!",Date of stay: February 2018,5.0
331,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or330-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",You get what you pay for at discount rate,"Great location, nicely decorated (although aged in some areas), very comfortable bed.  The staff could have been more engaging.  We switched room because the television didn't work in the first room - only for the second not to work properly. The receptionist told us our only option was to downgrade in the hope a fully functioning TV as they had no other rooms to the same standard we had booked. Surely, an upgrade or swapping a TV from one of the empty rooms would have been a better solution.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
332,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or330-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Better than I imagined having read reviews,"Having read a multitude of mixed reviews, I wasn't at all sure what to expect.  First of all, the location is just lovely, the exterior of the hotel just as grand as you'd expect to find in this part of London.  On entering, you do get a sense that the hotel is slightly tired but the eclectic mix of colours in the ""salon"" to the side of the reception is appealing and uplifting. I had not expected room 502 to be on the level below reception and was ready to be disappointed but it was quite the opposite: a very large and quite grand room with very large and attractive bathroom.  There was no noise from the road and the bed was very comfortable. Once complaint was that the shower spray was slightly out of control so showering was a little messy.  Also no tea/coffee and no…",Date of stay: February 2018,4.0
333,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or330-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disgusting service,"Calls itself a boutique 'Mr & Mrs Smith' hotel?!  I left my lovely new scarf at The Cranley Hotel in December 2017 and was promised that it would be returned on the day of my departure. After confirming it had been found and providing my address I've received nothing through the post, despite 20 plus calls requesting proof of postage and to speak with management. Management have also promised to return my calls and yet I've heard nothing - I'm disgusted, baffled and frustrated!  I will also be reporting this to Mr & Mrs Smith.",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
334,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or330-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Faded charm in good location but forget the breakfast.,"Reception is awkwardly situated across a doorway.Friendly receptionist though. The hotel decor is generally tired and shabby. Cracked sink, grout around bath grubby, curtains water marked. No BBC channels on TV. No tea or coffee making facilities in room. The evening welcome drink that was advertised was not offered. Breakfast (even though only continental has to be pre ordered the night before & a time slot box selected)We didn’t realise this and the waitress was obviously irritated. Eventually toast & coffee plonked on table without plates or knives. Had to go & request a knife (to the amusement of the next table’s guests who had spread their butter with the teaspoon!)Generally not great value for the price.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
335,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or335-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Overall a poor stay,"No one was at the desk when I arrived at the property had the wait over 10 minutes until I heard someone in the office and made them aware I was waiting. In the room, bathroom light was flickering and couldn't be replaced due to the maintenance person having left already. The entrance light was also not working making it very dark. Another room of the same level was offered but I had already unpacked by this point making it very inconvenient. When I came to taking a shower there was no water, after calling reception again this was turned on after 5 minutes. I also had to ask how to lock the door, was not immediately obvious. These are pretty basic things that I feel should be checked before the room is made available for check in. There was a general lack of customer care and…",Date of stay: February 2018,1.0
336,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or335-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Finest days are long gone...,"Stayed with the wife at this hotel in early February of 2018. The hotel's finest days are long gone. Front desk service and location are great, but many important details are easily forgotten. All glasses available in the room were dirty. I washed them to use, and after my return to the room at the end of the day, the used glasses were not replaced. Complimentary water is available, but at times were not replaced after we drank them. The curtain was so dirty we could see the stains. Soap and other items of personal hygiene were of poor quality and also not replaced on a daily basis.",Date of stay: February 2018,3.0
337,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or335-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",charming hotel in great location,"I booked this hotel pretty last minute, and I was very happy with my decision. The hotel was gracious enough to allow me an early check-in (I landed in London very early at 6am). The staff was very friendly and helpful. My room was on the 4th floor and it was absolutely adorable with everything you'd need. I really loved sitting in the hotel lobby/restaurant for an afternoon tea! The hotel was in a great location. Absolutely no complaints! Would love to stay here again.",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
338,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or335-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A few days in town with family,"The room was clean and the bed very comfortable. We were upgraded to a better room  this was in the cellar but it was light and very big. The furniture is a bit dated and rickety but the bathroom was very big and plenty of very hot water.  The staff were very friendly especially on reception. No breakfast in price but plenty of places to eat around. Good for the Albert hall and British museum etc.  It would have been good to have tea and coffee like most other hotels, this we mentioned. No bar and no dining room! Well there is but it is in the ? Reception area and not very comfortable looking.",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
339,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or335-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",What a find ,"Very comfortable stay , great location and lovely staff especially Sandya at reception . Would definitely stay here again . The room we had was in the basement but it was warm and light .  Very good value considering the location . Don’t expect a dining room and you won’t be disappointed.  ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
340,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or340-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A hidden gem ,"A delightful boutique hotel with tastefully appointed rooms and highly convenient for the nearby attractions of South Ken.  While I am aware the rates can vary fairly significantly, my visit coincided with a favourable tariff.  Strongly recommended for the business traveller and tourist alike. 9/10",Date of stay: January 2018,4.0
341,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or340-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Best weekend!!!,"Found this hotel on Voyage Prive and I have to say it was my best find in a long time. When we arrived we were upgraded to one of the higher category rooms, we mentioned it was a special occasion. The room was beautiful and very clean. The bed was so comfortable and I had a lovely sleep. Staff were very friendly and professional. In the evening with our canapés the restaurant staff even. . .....7POHRQQ sang happy birthday to me. It was such a special touch. I am so happy I chose this hotel. I will recommend Cranley to my friends and family. ",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
342,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or340-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Always Perfect!!,"I have stayed at Cranley over the last 7 years and my stay is always absolutely perfect. From my greeting upon arrival to my farewell on departure. The staff know my room preference to my choice of breakfast. I have eaten in the Persian restaurant a few times and the food and service is spot on. Cranley is my home away from home . I highly recommend Cranley, the best rooms are with the four posters, large and comfortable. The staff are always happy to help and to ensure you have an amazing stay.  Keep up the good work and I will see you in a couple of months!",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
343,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or340-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel did not honor booking made through Lastminute.com,"We booked this hotel through a 'Top Secret Hotels' offer on Lastminute.com which was supposed to be £204 value room for £95. We received a confirmation from Lastminute naming our accommodation as The Cranley. When we arrived to check in at 9:50pm on Saturday evening we were told that the hotel had been fully booked when we made our booking and that we were being moved to their 'sister hotel', the London Elizabeth at Hyde Park. We had not been told anything about the hotel being overbooked at the time of booking, or the week since making our booking. Given the time we did not have much choice but to move to the other hotel, where our shodily furnished, subterranean room had damp crawling up the walls, and we were unable to sleep because of the noise made by tube trains moving…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
344,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or340-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Bad service.  Bad breakfast andnonHot water,"Stayed here with our 11 year old daughter for a friends weekend away, so had 2 rooms booked.  Informed them that we would upgrade one room and pay £50 for an extra bed for our daughter.  Arrived at hotel at 1pm was advised room wouldn’t be ready until 2pm.  Was divided that the extra bed would be in the room when we returned.  So arrived back at 11pm.  Had to get luggage from luggage room And take up to room.  Would have thought they could have done that for us?  Arrived in room to find no extra bed!  Phoned reception who took one hour to find a bed and bring to the room with no sheets and just a blanket covering the dirty mattress.  We explained we were not happy and were told it was the fault of the day staff as they hadn’t advised an extra bed was needed. So after a further…",Date of stay: January 2018,1.0
345,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or345-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel in nead of renovation and skilled staff,"Time to reinvest!  There seem to be no money put back into this hotel in need of maintenance. Beautiful furniture that needs to be taken care of, stained fabric that needs to be changed. Photos on website must be at least ten years old. Please hold on to it’s original charm! And please educate some of the staff, since service and language skills sometimes were very poor! ",Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
346,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or345-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not Great,My wife and i had a night away from the kids in London.  We stayed at the Cranley Hotel as it was central to where we were going for dinner.    The room was ok but incredibly hot.  It was dated and pain was coming off the wall in the bathroom.  Our main issue is that the shower didn't work.  It only put out HOT water - so we couldn't have a shower in the morning.    When you are paying top money for a hotel you expect the smaller things to be working and this was not the case.  I wouldn't recommend this hotel,Date of stay: January 2018,2.0
347,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or345-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfection In Every Way,"My husband and I were traveling with another couple on our way back from Venice. We had a long layover in London and decided to stay in an area close to Heathrow. Through a hotel-finding app I discovered the Cranley which was very reasonably priced. We were definitely interested in keeping costs down, as we probably would be in the property no more than a few hours. What we found was an absolutely beautiful townhouse style property, with elegant decor and super-comfortable beds. The staff was lovely and very helpful. They have a cute, intimate restaurant on property just off the entryway, although we went around the block for pub food. I actually regret doing that because the restaurant looks so nice, and the food smelled wonderful. We like to stay at Airbnb‘s typically, but…",Date of stay: January 2018,5.0
348,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or345-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Awful,"Arrived to an incredibly hot room, no way of turning heating off, windows stuck shut. Had to leave door open to make bearable. Decor ok but curtains torn and dirty. Went down to lobby for bubbles and canapés as advertised, just asked if we wanted table for dinner. We waited an hour for breakfast for a cup of coffee, you tick your selections and I chose cafetière, to be told they don’t have any! We had a croissant each and a glass of orange juice and we weren’t the only ones waiting.2 other couples complained about the wait and the heat.  Not a good stay and certainly wouldn’t recommend. ",Date of stay: December 2017,2.0
349,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or345-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",50th Birthday Weekend,"On arrival the key to our room was no where to be found and the master key had to be used. The window was completely open and the room was freezing. Made me think the room wasn't normally used and needed to be aired. There were also no bathrobes. We then went out for the rest of the day. Our room key had still not been found on our return so we were given the master key again. On inspection of our room we still had no bathrobes. The night porter went looking for some but could only find one in the whole hotel. He offered us complimentary breakfasts for the inconvenience which we accepted, although bathrobes would have been preferred. We opted for breakfast in our room at 8am.  After a slightly broken nights sleep, with doors banging outside our bedroom door, we were rudely…",Date of stay: December 2017,1.0
350,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or350-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel but might not be worth the money,"This is a very nice hotel and has beautiful furnishings.  My room was a nice size and had plenty of electrical outlets.  The staff was very friendly and courteous.  The hotel is also within walking distance of the Underground.  There are lots of shops and restaurants up the street.  I had selected the continental  breakfast rate when I made my reservation.  The continental  breakfast was pathetic.  For approximately $15 I received a small glass of juice, a cup and a half of coffee, and a croissant.  If I had known this was all I was going to receive I would not have paid the extra money.  While it is a nice hotel, I most likely would not stay here again as there are other hotels that provide more for less money.",Date of stay: December 2017,3.0
351,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or350-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,"We booked this hotel last minute trough hotels tonight and got upgraded to a beautiful suite. The staff was friendly and helpful, the location of the hotel is very convenient and we had a very pleasant stay overall.  ",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
352,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or350-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",JUST PERFECT,"I was at cranley with my wife for 3days to visit our son who study close by, the hotel small in nice location , room little tired but everything works in order , i was FP room my wife didnt want to leave, very clean and the staff go out of the way to help. they have restuarunt where we dined during the stay food was JUST AMAZING.",Date of stay: December 2017,4.0
353,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or350-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",mezzo mezz,"we were treated to this hotel by a friend, so i should be grateful, and i am; but had i booked it myself, i would have been less happy.  the hotel is a bit odd.  three houses side-by-side, but only one elevator in the first house, so to get to the third house you have to up the elevatpr and then walk across the second house and then up or down to the third house, depending on what floor your room is.  there are no porters.  this makes finding your room with your luggage in tow not necessarily the easiest thing in the world.  the room itself was fine.  not too big, not too many hangers, not too much place for anything, but very quiet.  bathroom was fine, too, though the hot water was iffy.  the staff seemed very nice, but there arent enough of them.  they are asked to be…",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
354,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or350-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Little hideaway with surprise,"I absolutely loved this boutique hotel! Little did I know about the place until I entered this fascinating small hideaway with luxurious and friendly ambience. Welcoming staff, cosy lounge and most importantly delicious Persian food presented in a nice way, with freshly made hot bread. May I mention that the place is so exclusive and accessible it’s hard to believe few people know about it! Thank you for making my stay very special!",Date of stay: November 2017,5.0
355,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or355-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon tea,"We went for an Afternoon Tea with some friends.Entering the Hotel,it felt like having been invited to a private home and having our Afternoon Tea in the front room.The sandwiches were fresh and tasty and we also had scones with cream and jam and cakes. There was a choice of Twining Teabags.",Date of stay: November 2017,4.0
356,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or355-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing and a big let down,"The hotel looks fab from the outside and the internet photos but the reality is that you get a pokey room, tiny bathroom, stained curtains overall shabby not 4 star. No welcome drink as promised very poor welcome, mini bar and snacks way overpriced it has all the feel of descending into fawlty towers  I would not have been surprised to hear the name Basil shouted at some point. Overall disappointing",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
357,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or355-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Could do better,"This was disappointing. Small room, low ceiling, a bit down at heel. It was boiling hot despite it being November with the window wide open. The hot tap in the basin didn't work. We asked for a proper shower, not one over the bath. This was apparently not available. The staff were slow and inefficient at reception and also lacked professionalism. I didn't need to hear what the receptionist thought about her looks as she stared into the mirror in the lift.",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
358,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or355-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I Wanted To Love the Cranley,"I wanted to love the Cranley Hotel but I couldn’t.  The day before I checked-in, a friend and I had been talking about hotels with character. In theory, the Cranley has it by the bucketload, but in practice the character is lost to a sense of a place that’s seen better days.  My room was a decent size but the carpet had old stains as did the chairs. The shower ebbed and flowed in pressure and temperature depending on who else was using water in the building and the head didn’t work so the water came out in a single jet that was either a torrent or a trickle.   With some TLC and a little investment the Cranley could be a special hotel but for now it’s just a moderately priced place to stay that isn’t bad. ",Date of stay: November 2017,3.0
359,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or355-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not a four star Hotel ,"The staff is very friendly, and the location is excellent. But the rooms are really small, the breakfast system suboptimal and breakfast as such is miserable. How this Hotel can be rated four stars is a mystery. ",Date of stay: November 2017,2.0
360,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or360-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"We booked for 1 although they allowed us to arrive early. I have been to many places for afternoon tea and I cannot say this was great, could of done a better job myself. The hotel was unclean, office rooms were open to be seen and unsightly. Dusty blinds and dirty carpets. No option of what tea you would like however this has been an option in most places I have afternoon tea. Scones were plain, I would of expected fruit or cheese. Cakes were standard could of been better we left after half a hour. I wouldn't be visiting again and will try an alternative",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
361,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or360-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Mixed,"We booked one night away to the Cranley Hotel back in August for the month of October. At the time, the reviews were very favourable and it looked great. Nearer the time, however, the ratings went down and we had cause for concern even before we arrived there. Nevertheless, we remained positive and expected good things of this boutique hotel. It's in an excellent location, near to Cromwell Road and South Kensington and from the outside, looks charming and sophisticated. We arrived at midday, knowing that we could not check in until 2pm, so we left our luggage there and actually returned at 4pm, quite tired and wanting some relaxing time before going out in the evening. The Manager told us that we had been upgraded from an Executive Room to a Suite - so far so good... I put the…",Date of stay: October 2017,3.0
362,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or360-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and not much else,"We chose this property primarily for its location, and to be fair, it did not disappoint in that aspect. Close to 2 Tube stations (Gloucester Road and South Kensington) and an easy walk to 3 major museums, there were ample amenities (Tesco, Waitrose, Boots, cafes and restaurants) within a 10-minute radius.   However, service staff gave us the feeling that they would much rather be doing something else, and 2 days into our 7-night stay, we were asked to change rooms as our bathroom was leaking into the floor below. While this was all right, the attitude in which it was communicated made us feel like we had deliberately caused the leak (""Did you use the bathroom? Was there a lot of water splashed onto the floor?"").  The rooms we had were of a comfortable size, but furnishings and…",Date of stay: September 2017,2.0
363,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or360-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The Collapse of Empire,"The Cranley in experience is the perfect metaphor for the breakdown of the British Empire.  I stayed at one of the suits, and I was traumatized. Thankfully, I did not stay long enough to leave the property.  The property clearly was a very nice property back in its history. It is wonderfully situated in South Kensington, and like you, the photos of the property enamored me. Reality however was very different.  The experience started at the check in. No one opened the door for me or offered to help with my bags, at the check in (which is a cluttered small desk in front of the door), a young man checked me in and handed me my key. I was then told where my room was, and not shown or had anyone offer to help with my luggage. I brushed this all off, and was excited to see my suit. So…",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
364,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or360-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",More like a B&B,"Reception is desk at the foot of the stairs and is part of ground floor sitting/dining/b'fast room. One receptionist and one other woman doing everything.   Pre dinner drinks. No champagne, none. We fetched a bottle from Londis.   Hotel too warm. Bathrooms tired and so on. Good neighbourhood though. ",Date of stay: October 2017,1.0
365,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or365-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Unique hotel,"It was a pleasure  to stay at this small boutique hotel in south Kensington only a few minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube. The dining room has gorgeous individual designed chairs with beautiful chandeliers. My room on the first floor had a very comfortable  bed and was also very quiet together with a window blind and thick  curtains to block out the light which is great if you are a light sleeper.  Only a couple of niggles, my booking included breakfast but on arrival I was informed that it was only continental. This didn't surprise me as I had seem a previous review where this had also occurred. What did surprise me though was the very limited choice and did not include cereal, yoghurt or fresh fruit only being available at an additional cost. The other downside is that…",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
366,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or365-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A few rough edges,"actually a 3.5  This is a nice property in a smart part of London, close to the tube (Glo Road) and good restaurants and quiet at night.  Annoying rough edges for the calibre and price though; no hair drier, misfunctioning lights and telly and slightly shoddy in-room service.  Needs a dose of QC.",Date of stay: September 2017,3.0
367,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or365-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in excellent location ,"We were very happy with this hotel. Lovely character building and furnishings in a beautiful neighbourhood and convenient location. South Kensington station is on 3 underground routes, so you can get anywhere very easily. The staff are really friendly, both in emails before we arrived and in person. The beds and pillows were Really Comfortable.   The only complaint we had was the broken air conditioning. At first we declined the portable AC unit they offered and chose to open the window. After two hot nights we changed our mind. The room was much cooler with the portable unit, but also much noisier. I hope they get the aircon fixed soon because this is a really great place to stay. ",Date of stay: October 2017,4.0
368,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or365-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable accommodation in a central location,"Just a few blocks from the Gloucester Road underground station on a quiet residential street The Cranley is the perfect boutique hotel to stay when visiting London. Beds are very comfortable and have quality linens, drapes are thick and block out all light which is great for sleeping in. All rooms are different, choose wisely as some of the showers in the WC are very tiny... I had trouble turning around and bending down to wash my feet it was so small. The colleague I was traveling with had a room (same price) on the 2nd floor with a usable shower. I do not recommend rooms on the first floor as there is a lot of activity early in the morning, staff preparing for breakfast, guests coming and going. Rates are very reasonable if you book 2-3 months ahead particularly through…",Date of stay: February 2017,4.0
369,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or365-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Boutique old Hotel,"We came little late to check in we were surprised by the entirior and the cosy restaurant They have. We were given room in the 2nd floor which we found small I called front office who upgraded us to 305 and we loved it.  Breakfast very basic but the staff is the most friendly I came cross they all doing their best  small hotel has a lot of characters, comfortable bed but the carpet old but clean  we highly recommend it",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
370,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or370-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"The location is great, the room very good.  My daughter and I loved the food we had for lunch--it was fabulous! I wasn't as crazy about the breakfast, but in my opinion not many Brits know how to make a good breakfast.",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
371,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or370-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not a great stay!,"This was my first and last stay! From a tv that didn't work, the phone didn't work, above the noisy kitchens and couldn't have windows open, no corkscrew to open a bottle of coke. No free mini bar as a platinum member. No mention of my membership. Didn't even ask if I had a nice stay.  I stay in London every week so a lost opportunity. Will go back to my usual next week ",Date of stay: September 2017,1.0
372,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or370-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Located in quiet street about 5/10 minutes walk from the underground.,"We had booked this hotel with a very generous offer through Voyage Prive which included breakfast. When we arrived at the hotel the receptionist explained that our offer was for continental breakfast only. I thought that the terms of our offer had been misleading as our paperwork clearly stated ""breakfast"" without any stipulations. Whenever we have previously booked hotels with breakfast through offers,  the full range has been available. Also, I understand continental breakfast to typically include ham and cheese but this one was restricted to bread, toast and baked goods only. Ham and cheese were extras at additional cost. It wasn't the be all and end all but I did feel that it was misleading. We were given a card to complete for our breakfast selection.  As it clearly said…",Date of stay: September 2017,4.0
373,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or370-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",25th wedding anniversay spoilt,"This was booked by my sister for a surprise for mine and my husbands 25th wedding anniversary, we was so excited as we don't often get the chance to stay away . she booked this hotel for us all as we was going to the natural history museum that night for a who done it evening .. anyway on arrival we did not receive our complementary drinks we was given our key to our room I was in room 202 as soon as we came into the room we was hit by a very bad smell coming from the bathroom (which I did tell the reception about) not only that it was so very hot in the room and the window was open , to my shock the curtains was ripped and some bad stains on them all of which informed the Hotel staff ... we set out for the evening and the reception said they would sort our the smell ..... when…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
374,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or370-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A great hotel but rate can vary on room standard,"This is a fine hotel that is certainly a better option than a business chain for similar money. We were upgraded to an executive room which was very well appointed with excellent space, quality bedding, toiletries and nice amenities like a portable guest phone that gives you free mobile connectivity around the room. Overall it is a good 4 star standard but rooms here can go for between 3-400 pounds per night, which is far too much. Under £200 it is excellent.  Despite the executive room claiming to have dressing gowns and slippers we could not find any. Breakfast at £17.95 with an extra £5.00 for room service is a bit steep but the quality is superior.   Overall it is well maintained with good staff, in an upmarket quiet street close to Gloucester Tube. It is a cosy size and to…",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
375,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or375-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Calm and quiet hotel in central London ,"Had a 3 day stay here and found it to be a very elegant town house hotel with a very calm atmosphere. Very good quality decor, beds and linen with very clean well designed bathrooms. Staff very helpful. Particularly liked the lounge with its quirky velvet chairs and bookcases. Will definitely have tea in there next time.",Date of stay: September 2017,5.0
376,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or375-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Well located but looking tired,"Booked a 3 nights stay in a superior room in this charming boutique hotel I thought it would be when judging by the pictures on their website.   Was disappointed by the quality as the property is tired but in our room the curtains were ripped, the air-con was not working and in replace had a portable air box which blocked one side of the bed walk way and the window couldn't be properly shut....   After asking for an iron and a board for two days, I was delivered a broken one!!   Only positive aspect of this property is the staff friendliness... ",Date of stay: August 2017,3.0
377,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or375-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful old hotel,"We stayed for one night, would have loved to have stayed longer but time didn't allow, the sitting room in the front of the hotel is especially beautiful. And I love all the old details to the building that make her exceedingly quaint and definitely from another era. I felt like I was in a Bronte novel. I found the man at reception quite curt and a little rude which was at odds with the charm of the hotel but that was the only disappointment. She's definitely a fading beauty but the old world charm more than compensates it. It's a shame the staff weren't more welcoming but the lass this morning upon check out made up for it. She was lovely. It certainly has personality in spades and would recommend a visit.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
378,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or375-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Full of LOVE and Surprises,"What a lovely small hidden hotel in perfect location. Brilliant 4 posters room we booked it has ticked every box. The food they serve in the restaurant is 10 out of 10, staff are fabulous and everything tidy and spot on . breakfast was offered by the manager as happy birthday they served it in the room with little a note wishing my mum happy birthday , this was fantastic touch from the hotel as we only mentioned in the reservation about this.. Is old English hotel the style might appear old but the hotel trying a lot to keep in good shape and they doing good work, Its little expensive but worth every penny and I would stay there again,",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
379,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or375-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Old style hotel,"Very nice hotel old style, central location closed to South Kensington. The room was very cozy and the lobby in English style. Restaurant room furnished with tables and armchairs. The breakfast was quite good, you can do it in the room or in the lobby.",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
380,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or380-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Thought we would give it a try,"Comfortable rooms with high ceilings and canopied bed. Good bedlinen. Very courteous staff who did go the extra mile , scanning and sending an email for me. Didn't eat here so can't comment.  Large rug in our room laid over the carpet made it very hard to open the wardrobe. Our room was 'hot' but generally very comfortable ",Date of stay: August 2017,4.0
381,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or380-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",One nights stay.... never again!,"We arrived quite late after a long journey and arrived at this charming property. We checked in and made our way to our room 105, situated at the front of the property with a lovely bay sash window and 4 poster bed.   What was quite odd at the time was a large air conditioning unit with a plastic air tube was just sitting in this bay window.. obviously to be used with the tube sticking out of the open window!  On closer inspection the hygiene, cleanliness was not great, stained toilet and I even found cigarette ash on the bathroom floor!  Staying one night having arrived late and being exhausted I cleaned the bathroom myself and thought 'it's only one night' , went for dinner at a a fabulous Indian right on the corner.   We made our way back prepared for bed and settled down.…",Date of stay: August 2017,1.0
382,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or380-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Best Persian Food in London,"I recently discovered the hidden gem that is the Persian restaurant ""Banu"" in The Cranley Hotel. As a proud Iranian I like to think I am somewhat of a connoisseur when it comes to persian food. The food here is incredible, amazing and kind staff, and relaxing surroundings you feel like you are eating persian food in your own home.  They sometimes have the 'chef's special' tachin which is a rice dish with chicken and it is honestly the best one I have had. All of the starters are incredible and you can tell their ingredients are very fresh. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT!! I would give them 6 stars if I could.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
383,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or380-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Just AMAZZZING,"I booked the hotel for short leisure visit to London, and it came with surprise, small hotel BUT full for characters from the interior design to the outside summery terrace to the charming staff to to to.. couldn't find fault. in fact on the 2nd day i left very early  I came back about 3pm and the room wasn't cleaned I called the reception to let them know and within 5min the manager was up in my room to apologise and to explain that their housekeeping service till 5pm and that they will come and clean it shortly. and it was.  very attentive staff, clean hotel and they restaurant serve nice Persian food which i have never tried but i came with my wife dinner and we LOVED IT. thank you for looking after us.   WE LOVE THE LITTLE FREE CAKES IN RECEPTION...",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
384,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or380-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Poor Management,"The Cranley is a luxury boutique hotel located on a quiet residential street in South Kensington.  While only 2 blocks away from major thoroughfares and even with a room facing the street, our sleep was undisturbed by traffic noise.  The bed and linens were heavenly. When we first visited The Cranley in 2012, we arrived exhausted, crabby and a day late for our reservation.  The Manager at the time, Valeria Murro, a consummate hotelier unfortunately no longer with the hotel, was a God-send.  She immediately put us at ease, gave us a cup of tea, and let us know all would be well.  And it was.  Thanks to her, we enjoyed a memorable week of warm hospitality. She made excellent recommendations for out-of-the ordinary sight-seeing and taught us how to navigate the tube and bus system.…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
385,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or385-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Love, love, love","Charming. Great staff, funny and friendly. Excellent breakfast. Room was wonderful, beautifully decorated and comfortable. Location for easy walking to tube. I cannot say enough. What one would hope for.",Date of stay: August 2017,5.0
386,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or385-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Thank you Cranley,"We checked in room 207 after long flight to London, we were welcomed by charming lady who checked us earlier than the usual time.  We loved everything since we came in, the restaurant out of this world very cosy nad food just delusions . The staff were there when we needed them responded promptly , housekeeping girl was amazing and looked after our room very clean and the attention to details is everything I loved . Thank you all for making our stay memorable we will be back",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
387,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or385-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not what I paid for,"After arriving at our room (402) we began to realise that we had been given a cheaper Classic room and not the Superior room we had booked.Their website is clear about what standard each room should be.I contacted reception and she at first insisted that we had been given a Superior room but as it didn't have a bathtub or canopied bed it was obvious that this was a cheaper Classic room, and she offered a larger room but couldn't say that this this would be a Superior room, as it was late and we had unpacked I said we would stay but wanted a refund of the difference in room costs. We saw the manager on checking out and he said he would look into it and phone me. He hasn't. After 2 phone calls from me to the hotel he is never there and does not return phone calls. He just isn't…",Date of stay: August 2017,2.0
388,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or385-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, lovely staff","Our 2 nights at the Cranley were booked as a treat and we found it to be perfect for our needs.   Location is great - 10 minute walk to Gloucester Road underground station and we found our room overlooking the back of the hotel to be surprisingly quiet.  The room was a bit on the warm side - but with windows open it was fine.   A little bit frayed round the edges - but essentially very charming, with lovely toiletries.  The staff are lovely - very helpful and pleasant and there was always someone around.  We really enjoyed sitting outside on the terrace with the complimentary bubbly.  The main breakfast / sitting area downstairs is really charming, with very comfortable chairs.  All in all we really enjoyed our stay at the Cranley.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
389,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or385-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Persian dining,"Attended the hotel with my mother and we had the Persian cuisine. In terms of flavour, we both thought that the main was tastier than the starters. Everything was however fresh and presentation was great. We thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere, the interior of the hotel, the music, the wine and most importantly the service. The entire staff were attentive but special thanks to Ms Dana Ilici who was  exceptionally professional, kind and friendly. She made the experience so much better by attending us and looking after us. Thank you for a pleasant experience and hope to see you soon.",Date of stay: July 2017,5.0
390,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or390-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful, elegant hotel in good location",Two night stay with friends. Beautiful hotel with lovely bedrooms. Only able to take advantage of the bubbly and canapés on one evening but appreciated it. Inclusive breakfast was very limited although upgrades were available. Nice welcome and helpful reception staff although breakfast serving staff were overstretched and seemed inexperienced.  Nice terrace if weather is fine and good location. Recommended. ,Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
391,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or390-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not what you'd expect from a 4-star,"The Cranley was full of character, grand (albeit a little tired around the edges), clean, welcoming and in a great location. It would've been comfortable too, if it wasn't for the fact that the advertised air con didn't work. It was over some of the hottest days of the year so far and the temperature in our room was hitting the mid thirties. We asked if we could have a fan and were promised a portable air con unit, as were our friends who were in an adjacent room. Great! Except neither portable air con unit arrived, despite us asking a second time. Minor things like inconsistencies across the rooms wasn't what you'd expect from a 4-star either, e.g. no tea or coffee making facilities in the room, no iron, we had one robe (there were two of us), our friends had no robes at all…",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
392,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or390-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Sadly Not What It Used to Be,"One of the highlights of all our past trips to London was staying in Cranley Hotel, which we often remember fondly for their sincere service, charming rooms and great location. While one of those things can't possibly change, the standard of the other two have spiralled downwards a great deal since our last visit a mere year ago.   The air-conditioner was down in the dead heat of summer, the bedsheets had spots in them and the hotel seemed badly understaffed. Yes, some of them do try to help while others made it seem like helping us was a bother. The entire place, from the rooms to the management, is simply not what it used to be and it is with a heavy heart that we bid adieu to Cranley.",Date of stay: June 2017,2.0
393,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or390-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Gem in Kensington,"I had the need to stay locally last minute as my flat was undergoing Renovation. I booked the Cranley and was very pleased. The staff were friendly and accommodating and the lobby and breakfast salon very cozy. The room itself was also very comfortable and well laid out. The only issue was the heat but during a heat wave in London, what else can one expect. I would recommend it for location, accommodation and great staff.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
394,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or390-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"This review is a little tough for me to write as I have been very fond of this place.  I have stayed here multiple times over the last 10+ years. I have stayed on business, stayed  for personal reasons, had my parents stay, recommended to friends etc. The location is great and the staff helpful. In two previous stays, I had thought the rooms were a little tired. This most recent visit has convinced me that I should find another hotel. I was assigned room 401, a Superior room. The room was fine in size but again tired, with peeling paint. That problem paled in comparison to the a/c problem. The air conditioner in the room was not working so they had wheeled in a portable unit, with a hose that has to be stuck out of the window. The room was a balmy 32C when I walked in, matching…",Date of stay: July 2017,2.0
395,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or395-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel Excellent Location,"My Sister and I spent the night on a bed and breakfast deal for our milestone Birthdays. We were treated very well with little extra touches which were much appreciated. Our special thanks to Oleg, Caroline, Yvonne and Francesca for making our Birthdays just that little bit special. Thank you all. Linda & Maxine.",Date of stay: July 2017,4.0
396,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or395-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",2 night stay,"We were pleased with the location of the hotel. We ate at the hotel and the food was really good.  The staff were very helpful and attentive.  The room was really hot and the air-con unit in the room was so loud when turned on and therefore could not sleep during the first night but managed to sleep during the second night as the unit was left on whilst we were out.  The room was very nice with the exception of dirty curtains, stained carpets and a stained blind.  The bed was very comfortable and a mini bar was accessible.  We really would have liked tea and coffee making facilities in the room considering the price that we paid and that the hotel is supposedly a 4 star.  An enjoyable weekend and nice hotel.",Date of stay: July 2017,3.0
397,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or395-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cranley to the rescue!,"During a recent trip to London, we found ourselves standing on the curb with luggage, in central London with NO booking or hotel. (The back story on that is for another place) We are active seniors who usually do serious pre-planning of our trips. Unfortunately, it failed on this occasion.  In a desperate effort to find a safe place to stay that night, we turned to ""Hotelstonight"", one of the first properties to show up was the Cranley. I quickly attempted to book that night. After a quick Uber ride to the Cranley, we found I had been unsuccessful in completing the booking. HOWEVER the excellent staff at the Cranley had space for us and checked us in, after sitting us down for tea and assisting us with our bags.   The Cranley is a very attractive property, comfortable and well…",Date of stay: June 2017,5.0
398,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or395-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",NO AC- Horrible customer service,"Checking into the hotel was fine and staff was very nice. The room looked very comfortable. Right away I noticed the AC did not work. I called reception to inform them and after 15 minutes, they knocked on the door with a huge potable AC unit. They said they could not find anyone late in the day to fix the rooms AC. The portable unit was unbearably loud and a huge exhaust hose needed to be placed in the open window, which defeated the purpose of the AC Unit. The room was so hot, that it was not keeping up and never fell below 25C. I asked for another room and they said there was none available. After a sleepless night, I was out early and had a full day and evening of meetings One night would have been fine, as I assumed that the Rooms AC unit would be fixed. Not only was it not…",Date of stay: June 2017,1.0
399,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or395-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",BA Debacle,"We got stuck in the global IT outage, and were pleased to find this hotel in South Ken as one of the few that weren't price gouging. However, the front desk staff were so flustered and disgruntled they treated us a bit like we were pests. The room was so quiet and clean though so we were glad to be there and the location wasn't too bad either.",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
400,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or400-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice but not special,"We booked this through 'Secret Hotels' on 'Last Minute' so just picked by location - and in that respect it was perfect.  In a lovely little area, quiet and pretty.  The staff were welcoming and friendly and downstairs is 'interesting', however the hotel is lacking in a couple of ways.  Firstly, no air conditioning - not something I thought I'd ever say as I'm not normally a fan of AC!  But the rooms on the 4th (top) floor are VERY hot when the sun decides to shine, and leaving the window open meant we ended up with a room full of flies :(  The decor is a bit dated and in some places (bathroom) in need of a bit of attention.  The final thing that means I will probably not choose this hotel again is the lack of tea/coffee making facilities in the room - if I'd been able to make a…",Date of stay: June 2017,3.0
401,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or400-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Small boutique hotel, close to Kensington and Chelsea","This is not for everyone. It's a very small boutique hotel in an old residential building. Don't expect to find your average hotel decor and furniture, rooms are all different and have period features. I had a large room with front facing windows and a four post bed, it was a fantastic size and very comfortable. Breakfast was delivered to my room in the morning and was very good. Wifi was fast and free, with plenty of workspace in the room should you need it. Overall, if you are looking for something a bit different that's not your typical chain hotel, give this a try!",Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
402,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or400-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Persian Meal for two,We used Red Letter Days vouchers for a Persian meal for two here and it was delicious - really unusual menu options but the lamb in particular was amazing. Very good service and a lovely charming environment to eat in,Date of stay: June 2017,4.0
403,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or400-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic!,"We spend 11 days in this charming hotel, and it was an amazing experience! Excellent location, in the most charming Royal Borough of London: South Kensington.  The room is excellent, despite de fact it doesn't have air conditioner (we opened the window). But it would be just another good experience if it wasn't the people who works there. The staff is absolutely fantastic: Miss Hunter, Derek, Dana, Naime, George, Dyian, Oleg and Yvonne, we would like to thank you all, for all the effort you made to attend even the most unexpected request we made. We also want to say that the care and attention we received from each one of you guys made the whole experience truly special! Thats why we Love THE CRANLEY! =D Sending you our best regards, Rodrigo and Renata.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
404,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or400-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",No air con,"We love the Cranley and have stayed there many times. We will go back, but not if any risk of warm weather. They say they have air conditioning on their website, but it was broken, and we had to move hotels. A shame. ",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
405,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or405-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice location, poor service",This Hotel is in a lovely location its was clean and tidy. But the service was very poor i am unsure if they were under staffed but you could be waiting upto 10 min to be served and that was only after having to ask to be served.,Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
406,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or405-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"My friend booked an afternoon tea here for my birthday present. It was booked well in advance and we arrived just before 3 which was when our afternoon tea was meant to start. Unfortunately we were told that there was no seating ready for us because they had an unexpected large party turn up, so the hotel manager asked if we could come back in an hour. We said we had other plans afterwards so it was impossible to delay it for an hour. They said we could stay in the reception whilst they figured it out what to do.  I asked if we could just have it in the lobby because I was getting impatient with the waiting around. I was told this was possible. So the manager started to set up the lobby ready for us  Luckily a lovely waitress called Donna appeared and she found a spare table so…",Date of stay: May 2017,3.0
407,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or405-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty good on the whole,"This is one of those hotels that's really straining to be upmarket with as many high-end bits and pieces crammed in as possible, from towelling robes packed into the wardrobe floor to a very eclectic furniture mix with lots of shouty fabric in the public spaces. It's trying very hard and it's perfectly fine on the whole - great location (a few mins from Gloucester Road), nice and really quiet for London (great night's sleep), clean and with a great, large and comfy bed - but the thing that would really have earnt its stars would have been a more charming service aspect. Polite, but a slower welcome process (how are you? etc) would have been nice and quite definitely the offer to take people to their rooms and carry luggage - 3 flights of very steep stairs with a heavy bag made…",Date of stay: May 2017,4.0
408,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or405-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very cosy hotel,"Stayed here a few times and I must say its a very cosy hotel. The persian lady is extremely nice and has opened a restaurant in the lobby, I really recommend as clients or as locals. The food was superb. The Guest rooms are very comfortable and its very good value for money. Staff are very kind and location is great.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
409,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or405-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Terrible,"Probably not the worst hotel I've ever visited, but not far from it and it feels really bad when it projects itself as a luxurious hotel.   The hotel does have a great location in a really quiet neighborhood, but this alone can't undo all the terrible impressions you get just by entering.   It seems like the owners just have forgotten about this hotel and almost no signs of upkeep and cleanliness is possible to find.   We had a room on the 1. floor with stains on almost everything in the room, bed, bed linens, ceiling, curtains, walls, carpets, headboard etc. There were some ""gooey"" stains in the shower/bathtub and the maid had ""forgotten"" several beer bottle caps on the floor. There were also some hair on the bed when we arrived (ugh!)  In addition to this uncleanliness…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
410,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or410-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Meal with friends,"I bought 2 meal deal vouchers through wowcher for a three course meal and bottle of wine for £34 a couple and took 3 friends. We loved the ambience, eating in quirky surroundings, sitting on sofas below lovely chandeliers. The staff were polite and friendly and the food was freshly cooked, nicely presented and big portions. A real treat, we all loved it.",Date of stay: May 2017,5.0
411,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or410-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Afternoon Tea,"I got a living social voucher for my mum and myself for a sparkling afternoon tea at the Cranley. It was £24.00 and it was the best ive ever had! Service was brilliant. The saloon in the hotel was beautiful, really quirky! I loved the decor. The afternoon tea was so fresh and really really tasty.  The hotel its self is about 15/20 minute walk from Kensington High Street...but I would definitely recommend it!   Keep up the good work - hopefully be back soon :)",Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
412,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or410-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Poor breakfast and the poorest of ""welcomes""","From the street, the Cranley Hotel looks pretty impressive and, for the most part, you still get that feeling from the lobby. However, I can honestly say that I have never received a worse ""welcome"" upon arriving at any hotel. Ever. I am annoyed that I did not take note of the man's name but there was no ""Good afternoon"" and no smile whatsoever. In a very rude tone and with a dour expression, he asked me to sign something. No please. No thank you. I don't how this person have managed to get such a job and fail so badly at it.   When he told us that our room was ready, we were not given any directions of how to get there. At all other London hotels I have stayed at, there was always someone to take you to the room (sometimes carry your bags although I don't like them to do that…",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
413,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or410-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","poor serive, cheap breakfast and hotel is shabby","Seriously, the rudest welcome we have ever received when entering a hotel, no please, thank you or even a welcome. When you read this it may not seem like a big deal as this is what I thought when I read similar reviews prior to our stay, however when you actually attend, you realise just how weird the place is.   Oh and the breakfast! .... the quality is worse than what I had as a poor student. The bread was the cheap long-life stuff that was all floppy after it was toasted. The tea was one of the cheapest brands you can buy and they were really tight with the jams and spreads. It was worse than a Travelodge this.   When we booked it they took a £50 reservation charge (which barely happens these days) anyway, I was told it would be refunded the next day. It actually took 11…",Date of stay: April 2017,1.0
414,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or410-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"The Hotel is in a great location and we were quite happy with the quirky boutique style and reception desk in the lounge area; but: Our room was on the top floor and had no heating/air con that we could control, the room was red hot due to the internal conditions and remained this way despite our representation to staff. The only way we could sleep was by having the window and curtains open to allow cool air to circulate - I still had to sleep above the covers. There is an ongoing daily problem with the water flow stopping, that affects several rooms; once the front desk are notified they reset it, but you must ring them straight away. We had ordered a Continental breakfast and were disappointed to find it only consisted of a hot drink, a drink of juice and a choice of either  a…",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
415,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or415-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Small Boutique Hotel,This is a lovely little Hotel just off South Kensington. The prices are very reasonable and the rooms are nice but some could do with a bit of updating. Rooms are very comfortable and are pretty classical in the English style. Bathrooms are good and functional and nice toiletries are supplied.  No restaurant here but restaurants are nearby. Ground floor does serve food. All in all a good value hotel in an excellent location but small so do not expect the bells and whistles of a big hotel chain.,Date of stay: April 2017,5.0
416,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or415-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Never felt more unwelcome in a hotel.,"Had to change rooms due to no air conditioning only to be give another room also with no air conditioning although a better position and window. Furniture very shabby and no tea or coffee making facilities. The Promised canapes and bubbly turned out to be a few biscuits on a plate by the reception desk. The 'continental' breakfast consisted of toast or 'a' cold pastry, which had to be ordered the night before, and no provision made for those who are gluten or dairy intolerant, leaving one of our party having to pay extra for something they could eat and then had to pay a service charge on top!!! Staff, although not unpleasant, were very unhelpful and unwelcoming. Will not be returning.",Date of stay: April 2017,2.0
417,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or415-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Unusual Vibe... but Certainly Pretty,"We chose this last place to stay for our two-week England vacation because it looked Victorian and off hotel row... it certainly is pretty, and we did not mind the sort-of dilapidated state of the carpeting, bathrooms, etc. Reading the other reviews now, we did notice the unusual vibe that was mentioned -- we too doubted all the people in the lobby on their cell phones or smoking on the front steps were guests. Our room was stifling hot but the heat and air were turned off ... when I complained we were upgraded to a room with windows we could catch a breeze from, so that was very much appreciated.",Date of stay: April 2017,3.0
418,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or415-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A luxurious boutique hotel with wonderful staff,"I was not at all sure I wanted to share this gorgeous hotel, as it is the sort of little gem to discover that you want to keep it a secret. I feel I had to as there have been rather mixed reviews. This is a beautiful old hotel in every way. As I walked in the door I had a very friendly, courtious welcome. They serve afternoon tea here in a beautifully renovated front parlour, that is open plan with reception. I had a good look as I was being booked in. I am talking antique fixtures, chandeliers, macarons and a quirky modern boutique opulence. I took this in as I was being checked in.  My room was in the basement, It was huge! My bags were brought to my room. As well as the massive, comfortable bed (I didn't quite need a ladder but it was a little 'Princess and the Pea') with its…",Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
419,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or415-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Stayed 1 night.,Staff were friendly and welcoming. Felt relaxed and happy. Maya- Kapoor and the Manager spent  time chatting with us making us feel comfortable. We enjoyed the breakfast and nice having a glass of wine and canapés and cups of tea.  We loved the location Kensington and visited many shops nearby. The hotel is beautiful.We enjoyed our stay and will come back again.,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
420,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or420-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Afternoon Tea,"We booked quite late to have an afternoon tea.  Arriving at 2pm. We were lucky to find a free parking spot immediately outside the hotel - I believe parking is free at weekends and perhaps in the evening too.  The staff were very welcoming.  The hotel appears to be very comfortable.    The tea consisted of three sorts of finger sandwiches, cucumber, egg and cress and smoked salmon and soft cheese.  They were freshly prepared.  The scones were warm, and came with jam and clotted cream and a small dish of chopped fresh strawberries.  There were various small cakes too.  A very generous tea for two. We were also served a glass of sparking wine.  I would be very happy to return in the future.",Date of stay: April 2017,4.0
421,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or420-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice style ,appalling service.","Stayed one night to attend a concert at the Hammersmith Apollo.  It is a nice looking hotel with pleasant decor. We stayed in a four poster double room which was clean & spacious overlooking a very quiet street. We had a very good nights sleep as the bed was very comfortable.  It was very disappointing there were no tea making facilities in the room. Our main problem though was the service. On arrival to reception the manner we were met with was very cold & curt, it's a small thing but on arrival to any hotel it's usual to be met with a welcoming smile at least. The service at breakfast was farcical, on arrival to the dining room we were told to seat ourselves 'wherever' but the only available tables still contained the previous occupants detritus, I had to brush food from the…",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
422,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or420-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","......great hotel, perfect location","This hotel is small, on a quiet street in Chelsea / Kensington area....... easy walk to shops and restaurants We took a quick taxi to the Royal Albert at Christmas time which worked out perfectly. Our room which was downstairs was large and comfortable with a lovely bathroom with a huge tub... just what is needed after a day of sightseeing before going to a show. Would definitely go again.",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
423,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or420-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointed,My partner and i stayed at the cranley hotel last weekend. We had booked a superior double room but were actually allocated a single room as shown on their website. The room was so small that whilst one of us was getting ready to go out to dinner the other one had to sit on the bed. The room was stifling hot and claustrophobic. There were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room and the overall appearance of the room was shabby with a large cigarette burn in the curtain everything was worn and tired. The bathroom was tiny and freezing cold with very large water stain marks on a big area of the ceiling. The shower was very slow in draining which resulted in the water leaking onto the floor.  When we checked out in the morning I questioned our room allocation and the member…,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
424,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or420-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Too hot and stifling ,My partner and I stayed at the Cranley Hotel last weekend.  The room was very clean but we were overwhelmed by how hot and stuffy it was.  We reported this to the receptionist who said he would look into it but nothing was done.  All hearing was off but the heat was radiating above us.  We had a very uncomfortable nights sleep with the window open!!! Avoid room 302.  Disappointed to say the least.  ,Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
425,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or425-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Glad we had a deal,"We booked this hotel through a last minute deal and thank goodness we did. Had we paid full price I would not have been impressed.  The booking in was pleasant and efficient, We only had any interaction with a couple of staff and they were excellent. We were given a room in the basement, fine as far as it goes but the noise from the kitchen was marked and there was a very large damp patch behind the door. There were no tea and coffee facilities and no information pack to give us a clue as to how to obtain such a thing and how much it might cost. There was no indication how to contact reception on the phone either, we managed through trial and error.  However, the bed was fine, comfortable and large and the bathroom, though more than a little tired was clean and had an excellent…",Date of stay: March 2017,3.0
426,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or425-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Mediocre ,"We used to come to the Cranley for years for its cosy atmosphere and nice location. Unfortunately, since the change of ownership, it is not the same anymore and it seems to be going downhill at a fast speed. Now we need to find another ""hotel de charme"" in the area. ",Date of stay: March 2017,2.0
427,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or425-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A once pleasant hotel gone to seed.,"The Cranley is superbly located in South Kensington, on a quiet street off the Old Brompton Road. There are a variety of decent pubs, coffee shops and restaurants nearby, and it is a short walk to the museum district, two tube stations and Hyde Park.  We have stayed there several times over the last 10 years and it has been in decline over that span. The formally English speaking staff are now all eastern europeans with limited liguistic skills and are of marginal helpfullness, The lobby chairs are broken, the carpets tattered and the rooms are increasingly shabby.   Even with the excellent location it is poor value for money, and I would recommend avoiding it,",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
428,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or425-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Delightful,A charming hotel very well located offers stylish rooms and good service. The afternoon tea and the breakfasts are excellent with scones and everything  A must go for finding an old England style place with modern confort ,Date of stay: March 2017,5.0
429,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or425-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent ,Really enjoyed our stay at the Cranley Hotel. On check in we were given  an upgrade to a super double room and it was as described... great four poster bed & really comfortable. Highly recommended. We didn't have breakfast but it looked good. Great location and friendly staff / enjoy ,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
430,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or430-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Best reservation process loveliest rooms,I've been working with Yvonne on my reservation for months now as I had to change it quite often.  This woman has the patience of a saint.  She made my heart my smile by working with me and accommodating all of my special needs.  The Cranley is a classic English hotel with beautiful amenities.  I highly recommend staying here if you can.  Ask to speak to Yvonne and you will be delightfully surprised at the kindness and willingness to help make your stay as pleasurable as possible.,Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
431,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or430-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Linda c,"Hotel staff lovely. Location requires subway or taxi as most do in Kensington. Lovely quiet neighborhood. Room very clean (penthouse), bed fabulous. Needs a little cosmetic work but charming. I even left a favorite item behind and they had it and sent it. Unheard of.  ",Date of stay: February 2017,5.0
432,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or430-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful 5 star hotel, great price","I came to stay in london with my girlfriend for a relaxing weekend away. There were thousands of hotels to choose from but we came across this cute and charming boutique hotel. When calling to make our reservation the staff couldn't have been more helpful and recommended room 107 for our stay. Upon our arrival we were greeted by very friendly staff and a beautiful restaurant which is like nothing I have ever seen, so colourful, vibrant and full of smiley faces. The hotel room was beautiful and spacious with very high ceilings and a beautiful four poster comfortable bed fit for a king and queen! We were shocked that the hotel is a 4 star, we were convinced that it was a 5 star when we entered. We walked to South Kensington the next day which was a very short and beautiful walk…",Date of stay: January 2017,5.0
433,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or430-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",My final stay - its gone down  hill,"I have reviewed The Cranley twice previously as I thought it was a great hotel.  I no longer do.  Out of loyalty and affection, I had hoped to express my thoughts privately and directly to the hotel manager.  But I twice asked for his/her email and never received a response.  So having previously rated it highly and now having decided based on my last stay never to stay again, here goes.   First, I had long liked the look and feel of the The Cranley and looked forward to staying.  It is still very clean.  But, as another recent Trip Advisor review states, the hotel has been in a state of slow decline for several years.  It is, so far as I am concerned, spoiled by a lack of care and attention to the property itself, which I assume, based on how it looks, is the consequence of a…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
434,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or430-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Comfiest bed ever!,"I visited the cranley for one night while on a business trip. I was on the top floor and had a lovely view of London. My room was a great size for central London and had great facilities, a lovely touch was the complimentary canapés and prosecco at 7pm. The 'reception' area of the hotel is slightly bizarre, no desk just some random chairs and a desk in the corner? Very confusing. The rooms are very nicely decorated just some small touches that could be improved like stains on the carpet and curtains and my tv was broken with lines down the screen, the tv also was on a timer and kept turning on though the night, not good if you are a light sleeper. The main thing I loved about this hotel was the bed was extremely comfy, lovely plump duvet and pillows! The best in any hotel I have…",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
435,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or435-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good location good price. ,"After booking tickets to a show at the Royal Albert Hall and not wanting to faff about with public transport I stumbled across the Cranley via TripAdvisor. As you have probably seen it is rated quite highly and I wouldn't argue against it. The rooms are a good size, clean and well equipped. However the heating in our room seemed to be on for the long run and wouldn't switch off, good thing it's winter. Overall a good stay and I would be happy to go back in the future. ",Date of stay: January 2017,4.0
436,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or435-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Area - Rooms in need of a refresh,"This hotel is in a great, safe area. It's walking distance to the Gloucester Rd Station in Kensington, making it very easy to get to wherever you want to go. The station is also next door to a lovely big Waitrose, so it was great for picking up odds & ends on the way back to the hotel after a busy day.  The hotel is...unusual. There was no reception when we walked in, but rather a small desk in the corner of another room. By the time we had checked in, a number of people had chatted to us, but nobody introduced themselves, so i actually have no idea if they were hotel staff or customers.  We had a twin room on a lower ground floor. The room and bathroom were actually great sizes, and the beds were very comfortable, probably some of the best hotel beds i have slept in. The rooms…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
437,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or435-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing afternoon tea,"Very strange experience.  When we entered the hotel there was no reception in the entrance hall which went through into a large sitting room, furnishings were very attractive and looked new, but no staff immediately to be seen until I spotted a lady sat at a desk in the far corner of the room! It felt awkward to hunt out staff and not the usual welcome received at a hotel.  I explained I had an afternoon tea booked and she asked me to sit at any table.  There was nowhere to hang a coat and neither did she offer to take it so I slung it over the back of the chair!  She then made quite a fuss over the voucher and insisted I email it to her - it was printed on a sheet of paper ???? Having sat down I realised I was sat in a cold draft opposite an open door wedged open by a chair so…",Date of stay: January 2017,3.0
438,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or435-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",2016 England trip,"We have been visiting this hotel for 15 years and have witnessed a gradual decline in the facilities maintenance and upkeep. The staff works very hard to compensate for the shortcomings. We invited friends this year and we were embarrassed by the appearance of the lobby area and the fact that hot water seemed to be scarce. I reached out to the manager and ultimately the owner. The manager was sympathetic, sadly the owner was indifferent. The photos of the lovely appointed lobby area are not representative of what exists today. The Cranley's attempt to integrate a restaurant within that lobby area was a desperate effort. The name Bano should be reconsidered. The furniture is in disrepair or broken, the drapes within the rooms have seen better days. The bathrooms are worn and…",Date of stay: December 2016,2.0
439,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or435-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Everything we wanted!,Myself and my husband stayed here for a few nights after we got married. We arrived early to a comp upgrade and lovely cupcakes  (Smith Extra). The service was perfect and the room was very clean and thoughtfully laid out. The reception team were very helpful in offering advice of things to do in the area. We really enjoyed our stay here and will hopefully return again soon! ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
440,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or440-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very good stay,"Excellent and convenient location close to the Gloucester Road tube station. Good service and extremely polite staff, especially the concierges, even very late at night of very early in the morning. Accomodation very good as well, but the bathroom could be refurbished.",Date of stay: December 2016,4.0
441,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or440-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Stay,"First class hotel, we had a great reception when we got there and were offered a welcome drink. We had a free upgrade to a deluxe 4 poster bedroom which was very spacious. Free bubbles and canapés from 7pm to 8pm and breakfast was served to our room at no charge. Superb hotel that we couldn't really fault. There are no tea/coffee in rooms but it is complimentary upon request.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
442,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or440-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Loved this hotel!,"We were visiting London, doing a lot of walking, arrived here tired and ready for comfortable quiet place to rest , before we headed out again to the Royal Albert to hear the Kings Choir.  We were definitely not disappointed!... had a wonderful, luxurious bath and cuddled up on the comfortable bed. The lighting and classic decor were very soothing to my senses. By the time we had to leave for the evening, I felt totally renewed and relaxed. I would most definitely stay here again.  Although some people may not like the idea of going downstairs to a hotel room, for me the large well appointed room was perfect.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
443,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or440-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Fabulous hotel, comfort and service","We had an executive room which was very large by London standards, comfy beds, breakfast delivered to room at no additional cost, everything was of a high quality and standard. We had a lovely stay and would definitely go back. We were offered complimentary prosecco and canapes but were at the theatre so couldn't take advantage.",Date of stay: December 2016,5.0
444,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or440-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cracking independent hotel,"Great hotel, very friendly, not overly commercial. A nice hotel with a lot of history to it. very friendly and welcoming. The bed was fantastic and comfy, the room had character with plenty of original features, although to be critical the room was a little bit on the small side. The breakfast can be served in your room which is ideal for those wanting a few extra minutes in bed although at £25.00 per head I found it was a tad expensive for what it was.  ",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
445,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or445-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice location, charming from the outside. Very unfriendly staff","We mistakenly booked a day earlier and tried to rearrange the booking to still spend the same number of days booked but starting a day earlier. The request was declined and though there was a room available, the rate was too exorbitant, so we had no choice but to make alternative accommodation arrangements for that one night. Not their fault but...... It looks luxurious from the outside, and the location is close to Gloucester underground station, many eateries, a pick up point for the ""London Open top Bus Ride"", however the service leaves much to be desired. The "" Free internet"" did not work for the duration of our stay. Some staff were helpful but that was not the general attitude.",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
446,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or445-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",FORGET THIS ONE,"For a hotel that describes itself as luxury it is appalling, we only wish that we had read the poor reviews and not the top ones before booking. The poor reviews certainly sum this very tired property up with the staff and service not much further behind. We do not normally do reviews but after staying at the Cranley we felt we must air our feeling and hope that others do not make a similar mistake, if we hadn't paid in advance we would have certainly moved out, Basil Fawlty would have been proud. THE ROOM WAS VERY TIRED IN NEED OF A PAINT AND A GOOD CLEAN. THE CHAIR CUSHION COVERS BADLY STAINED. THE CARPET STAINED AND BEYOND ITS SELL BY DATE. WOULD NOT PUT THE PHONE TO OUR EARS IT WAS GREASY AND DIRTY. WE WERE OFFERED COMPLIMNTARY TEA ON ARRIVAL, THIS WAS FORGOTTEN AND AFTER WE…",Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
447,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or445-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cranley hotel,Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights worst hotel is have ever stayed in very poor service room service  terrible over priced and rooms poorly decorated do i not stay here is have had better service at a premier Inn,Date of stay: November 2016,1.0
448,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or445-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Pretty Good for a Discount Room,"I booked the Cranley through hoteltonight, so I knew I wasn't going to get an upgraded suite. The room was still pretty nice. I was in the basement (which I find is a popular thing for 3rd party bookings so beware of that). The room was a good size for a solo traveler, but may be too small for a party of 2. It's charming, but also pretty old. And my door didn't lock from the inside, which would have probably concerned me more if I had spent more than one night there. The bathroom is huge and the shower was amazing! The bed was comfortable, and despite being next to the stairs and kitchen, it was still pretty quiet. I ordered breakfast in the morning (to my room) and thought it was okay. It was nice considering I had just gotten in from a 10 hour flight the night before and just…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
449,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or445-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent and well situated hotel to visit london,The personnel was nice and very helpful. Rooms are very well decorated and clean. We appreciated the proseco offered every night for happy hour. Â boutique hotel to recommend for your visits to London.,Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
450,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or450-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great for London!,"For London, this is a really good hotel.  We had a good sized room that you could actually move around in!  It's in a great location with x2 tube stations and a great stack of eateries within walking distance, plus of course the museums, Knightsbridge and Kings Road.  It has has a lovely cosy, intimate atmosphere, the staff are friendly and welcoming and there's not too much noise from outside.  The rooms are nicely furnished.  The downside is that it's easy to forget to lock your room door (you have to turn the knob from the inside) and the room we were in was a little shabby and needed a good redecoration and a new carpet.  But it wouldn't put me off coming back.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
451,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or450-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing,"Very Nice hotel and the staff is good , missing the spanish porter who was there a few years ago ,Rodrigo . Very nice brakfast. Very clean .the staff us very helpful , tube is negar and very nice area",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
452,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or450-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",lovely boutique hotel in the heart of trendy chelsea,"I spent 3 nights in this pretty boutique hotel. it is right in the middle of Chelsea, which is one of the trendiest chic cool places to stay in London. It's surrounded by cozy cafés and all sorts of shops yet the street is quiet and silent. The closest tube station is only five minutes walk away. The beds are very comfortable, the rooms are not massive but very well built. The stuff are nice and will try and accommodate your requests, but be aware that if you want to change rooms you always have to pay the difference. ",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
453,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or450-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming ! ," This little boutique hotel is a real gem. Great location, a 10 minute walk from the Victoria and Albert museum and a 15 minute walk to shopping at kings rd or shopping in knightsbridge. The room was very cute, spacey for London standards and full of english charm. Yes, there are a few things that aren’t as polished as a sterile modern hotel but this is a boutique hotel experience. I felt like I was staying in a private mansion in Kensington very homely and comfortable. From my room there was a lovely view of some beautiful old homes in Kensington. The breakfast although not cheap, was very good. The staff are friendly and very welcoming. I loved reading the story about the hotel and the people that use to live in it over the past 150 years, I also liked that they chose to use…",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
454,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or450-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Showing London to my daughter (12),"Great location, spaceful rooms and good service! What else are you looking for?  It is good vslue for money but breakfast is prepared nearby on you order which must be placed before 3am and served either at your room or outside, if there is a table available. Only two tables with a few chairs each are placed outside. As a result we had breakfast elsewhere, because i and my wife like sharing breakfast with our daughter, sitting at the same table, not in our room.",Date of stay: November 2016,4.0
455,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or455-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful!,Absolutely loved our stay! Great staff who were very friendly and helpful. I booked this hotel via secretescapes and unfortunately my booking was not received by the hotel. However it was dealt with very efficiently and we were upgraded to a beautiful suite at no extra charge. Would definitely return in the future! Thank you.,Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
456,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or455-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel,We loved every minute we spent in this hotel. From the top floor room with its little terrace to the wonderful and helpful staff. The food was delicious every morning and the afternoon teas fantastic. It's well positioned to a tube station and its ease of walking to everywhere in London.,Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
457,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or455-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","No INSIDE ROOM LOCK, NO SOAP","There is no way for me to lock my bedroom door from the inside. I asked for a bar of soap yesterday, and there is still none. The carpet is worn, the curtain is burnt. I asked to change rooms. One is available, but I would be charged an additional 30 pounds per night, even though when I checked on hotel tonight website, the rate offered was substantially less than I have paid for four nights.",Date of stay: October 2016,1.0
458,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or455-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good location. Housekeeping could be better.,"This hotel does not have a bar or restaurant.  Drinks and food can be served in your room or the lounge area, which is combined with reception.  Our ground floor room 607, was large and well equipped but the blinds were stained and past their best.  The bathroom was clean but there was no hot water on 2 mornings.  This was rectified once reported.  The large 4 poster bed was comfortable and the bedding was of a good quality.  The hotel states that it has a turn down service but this was not evident on 3 of our 4 nights stay.  Bottled water was provided on the first night only, missed on night 2 and 3 and had to be asked for on the 4th night.  The free drinks and snacks consist of one drink each and tiny savoury and sweet canapes.   This hotel so be so much better with just a…",Date of stay: September 2016,4.0
459,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or455-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Best hotel in London,"We stayed here for a night in order to be close to the Albert Hall. Its a fabulous hotel. Intimate, homely, the best nights sleep in a super comfy bed. Friendly, happy staff, lots of nice touches like fruit & nibbles in reception, fluffy towels & bath robes...all fabulous! Close to S Kensington tube, restaurants, museums etc. Don't hesitate, book!",Date of stay: October 2016,5.0
460,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or460-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A jewel in lovely South Kensington,"We stayed for nine nights at the Cranley recently.  From check-in to departure, our experience was wonderful.  The staff is friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. The property was the exact experience we were looking for - a small, old, boutique hotel with a lovely sitting area where guests can enjoy a cup of tea/coffee or even a meal.  Our room was fantastic - we had a deluxe king which was on the second level and faced the street. The furnishings were beautiful and relaxing - nothing was missed.  Since our room was so beautiful we opted for breakfast room service each morning to read the paper and plan our day. The location was not in the heart of the city, but everything was easily reached by train or cab.  In the evening we found several terrific restaurants within strolling…",Date of stay: September 2016,5.0
461,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or460-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel but a strange ambiance.,The hotel is pretty and in a good position. The decor is tasteful and initial impressions were good with a pleasant greeting and nice staff though later some of them seemed to have no idea what they were doing. Our room was small but it had a good bathroom. There are evening drinks and canapes but when we went the room was full of some fairly suspicious looking types who gave the impression of being related to some of the staff and who did not make us feel welcome or comfortable. I am an Accor platinum card holder but the hotel (now part of Accor) said that they do not recognise it.  The shower was cold. There is no lift on one side of the hotel. Overall a disappointment though not bad value for money.,Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
462,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or460-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",One night stopover ,"I very much wanted to give a good score and review of this hotel but for us, the breakfast eating arrangements were inadequate.   The location is excellent for the attractions, tube station and shopping. The staff (particularly the lady on reception who had been there only three weeks) were extremely welcoming and friendly. The room was quite small, but was perfectly adequate for one night and the bed was very comfortable.   We did, however, have a real issue with the breakfast arrangements. Our deal included a full English breakfast and we indicated this on a card we were given to hang on our door in the evening- no problem with this. We also had to indicate if we wanted breakfast served in the room or in the lounge (reception area). There lies the problem- our room was so…",Date of stay: September 2016,3.0
463,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or460-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable hotel with great staff.,"Our first room was on the top floor in the attic space. The airconditioning was not working in that room. This room only had a bath which I couldn't get into. A quick call to the reception and they managed to move us into an adjacent room which had a walk in shower. This room also had non functioning aircon but there was a portable ac unit with a pipe hanging out of the window. This was very effective as long as you periodically emptied the water container. AC was needed in late August when we visited as London was hot and humid.  The room itself was ok for size considering its central London location. It had a safe, TV, WIFI, mini bar but, surprisingly for an English hotel, no tea and coffee making facilities, Most rooms in the UK have this as standard nowadays. Adequate…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
464,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or460-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A girls weekend to celebrate a 50th Birthday,"The Hotel has history, we found it to be lovely. We spoke to many of the staff and they were all very helpful, really friendly and accommodating - nothing was to much trouble, especially the kitchen of an evening for beverages. We booked our trip through Voyage privet on an offer so came up to watch a show, go to Covent Garden and listen to some piano and jazz - On entering the room I wondered why they had an air cooler sat in the room - but it soon became our best fiend, as it was very warm that weekend we stayed and we had a cool fan while we slept.  We had the Superior double room,The beds were very very comfortable, no lean, dip or movement between you, which gave us a great sleep.  Our rooms were refreshed every day with fresh towels, toiletries, making the beds and…",Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
465,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or465-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location and a really nice hotel,"The cranley is perfectly placed in Chelsea/south Kensington. It is easily accessed from either Gloucester Road or South Kensington tube stations. The hotel is quite small. The lounge is nice but can only seat about 8 people. Very nice for the complimentary prosecco and canapés. There was always a cake stand of small cakes/macaroons late afternoon - all complimentary. Rooms see a quite small and there is a distinct lack of sockets. Rooms were obviously designed by a man as there is no socket anywhere near a mirror. I had to unplug the fridge and fold the door right back at the same time as opening the wardrobe door which had a mirror on the reverse. Quite a difficult operation. There was no lift in the part of the hotel we were in, but fortunately we were only on the 1st floor so…",Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
466,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or465-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Boutique Sloane Ranger Style,"The Cranley is a charming boutique hotel in South Kensington near trendy shops and pricey restaurants, in a beautiful part of London. It has all the charm of staying in a London town house, but the rooms are quite small and amenities few. Worth a visit to get a respite from the luxury hotel behemoths in its class.",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
467,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or465-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, but rooms a little tired","We stayed at the Cranley for 2 nights over the bank holiday weekend for our wedding anniversary.   The hotel is in a fantastic location just a few minutes walk from Gloucester road station and a short stroll to South Kensington.   The outside looks welcoming and the lobby area also gives off a nice atmosphere of luxury and homeliness. We also always received a smile and nice service from the staff.   The room was clean, but rather hot, with a very loud air conditioning unit that had its tube stuck out the window. It would have been too loud to keep on overnight which then meant we spent both nights struggling to sleep in a very stuffy room.   Something which surprised me was that there were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room. After a long day it would have been nice…",Date of stay: August 2016,3.0
468,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or465-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Worst breakfast I've ever had ... anywhere!,"I find it really hard to find good things to say about this hotel. We stayed for three nights in a Superior room - I hate to think how awful a standard room must be. It was cramped, stained curtains, stained headboard, stained carpet, in fact very tired throughout. A large, noisy air conditioning unit took up a lot of space. Awful shower, one single jet over the bath, no shower head. The breakfast was included - continental- just toast, bread roll or pastry with juice or hot drink - if you wanted fruit or yoghurt it was a £5 supplement! There is no dining area in this hotel which means having breakfast in the cramped confines of the bedroom, in a small lobby or outdoor seating by road, none of which are ideal. First morning, toast was cold and pastry cooked to oblivion so it had…",Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
469,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or465-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Super stay,We had two four poster rooms both of which were very comfortable and air conditioned.The staff were very helpful especially the general manager whom went out of his way to help us personally with an uber ride we would definitly stay next time we down. We had a lovely afternoon tea too!,Date of stay: August 2016,5.0
470,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or470-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location but small room!,"We stayed here for 10 nights and it was great!  The staff was very helpful in making suggestions about the area.  However, when we saw the size of the room, I asked for an upgrade and was refused due to the fact that I did not make the reservation directly.  The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was very clean, but tiny.  The sitting area on the ground floor was very convenient for reading and having a cocktail.  They had small snacks as well before dinner which was a nice touch.  It is a pricey, historic hotel in a fabulous location of South Kensington.",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
471,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or470-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice ,We enjoyed our single night stay. We were upgraded to a four poster room which was very spacious and we both slept like logs. The bathroom was a little tired and would benefit from being freshened up. Breakfast came when we asked and was pleasant. ,Date of stay: August 2016,4.0
472,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or470-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Location but hotel very tired,Just come back from 1 night stay at this hotel. The hotel is  a small hotel in a lovely quiet street. Lovely size rooms that are very clean and with  nice linen  but very tired with cracks in the walls.  Air conditioning was not working and there was a portable unit that was extremely noisy with a hose that had to be left out of an open window.  From seeing tripadvisor this seems to have been a problem for sometime.  Unfortunately we found the staff unhelpful and certainly not very friendly.  We were merely given a key and had to go off and find our own room.  Such a shame as this hotel as so much potential,Date of stay: August 2016,2.0
473,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or470-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Little jewel in Kensington,"We arrived in the middle of a heat wave.  I was worried whether the Cranley would be cool enough based on some reviews. We had a fantastic room at the back of the hotel: cool and very quiet! The room was very small...but cute. We had a king bed and it was incredibly comfortable. As well, the staff were helpful and friendly. The location was excellent: beautiful neighborhood, close to the tube, several attractions and restaurants. Yes, it was expensive...but everything in London is. If I had a criticism, it would be the fact we had to pay for breakfast. With their prices, a complimentary continental breakfast would be appreciated. ",Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
474,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or470-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Too little care & organisation,"We went on a Groupon offer.  Nearly £200 a night for bed and continental breakfast.  The room (ground floor) was nice.  Bathroom a bit tired, but ok.  The problem was the heat.  The AC was ineffective.  Our friends had been put in a very poor room in the roof and were in an even worse situation.  None of us slept.  The friends ordered breakfast in the room.  It didn't arrive.  She phoned and was told that breakfast for 2 would be delivered.  Breakfast for one arrived a little while later.  We complained to the night manager about the AC and were told to take it up with the manager in the morning.   The hotel has potential but there are some big holes that need plugging.  I wouldn't stay there again.  ",Date of stay: July 2016,2.0
475,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or475-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A small fish who think it is a big fish. ,"Plus: -The location -A nice view over the rooftops of Kensington from our window.  -Breakfast in bed.   Minus: -Huge stains on bouth the head of the bed and on the curtains. Not so fresch carpets.  -The showehead was old and really hard to use.  -The AC was broken (?). We had some kind of temporary installment with a huge (and noisy) machine wich depended on the window beeing open all the time (wich let out all the cold air again) -unreliable WiFi. You had to log in over and over again because you were constantly ""thrown out"".  ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
476,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or475-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very British. Needs better maintenance ,"Very well located boutique hotel. The idea is good, and the rooms are nice and well decorated. Very British in style. However they look old and carpets and curtains are old and dirty. The bed is very uncomfortable. There is no bar so you are suggested to have your breakfast in your room, or otherwise the lobby. ",Date of stay: July 2016,3.0
477,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or475-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Comfortable, relaxing hotel that I would recommend","Stayed here for just one night and found the hotel very relaxing and comfortable. The room had all the amenities we wanted including robes, slippers, a safe, fridge, TV. We were offered tea on our arrival which was very welcome. For the price of a the room, in London, I think is was good value and would certainly recommend it to friends and family (in fact I've already done just that to a friend).",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
478,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or475-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming Hotel on the Picadilly Line,"This charming hotel is just a few minutes away from the Gloucester Road underground station on the Picadilly Line.  The price was very fair for London, and the room was elegant and beautifully decorated.  There is a beautiful front room area where they serve prosecco and appetizers from 7-8 pm.  Restaurants in the area vary from fast food (KFC and Burger King) to Italian, Indian and pubs.  I could get anywhere I wanted in a very quick fashion.  My room had black-out curtains that were also padded for sound and warmth.",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
479,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or475-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The best headquarters to visit London,"Three Spaniards arriving for three days to London, half business half leisure, staying at the Cranley. Everything was just so pleasant. The hotel staff were friendly and only too happy to help with transport and touristic advice. Even though some of us spoke English well and we all understood it, concierges spoke to us in Spanish at all times. Not only reception staff; room service and cleaning staff were also quite friendly and accomodating. The rooms (four poster beds, classic English style all around) were great (and so clean!), and the area had practically no traffic, but shops and restaurants nearby to go out for meals. There is a Tube station at a 5 minute walk, three different lines stop at the station so there is usually no need to transfer and you can get anywhere in…",Date of stay: July 2016,5.0
480,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or480-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cool Cranley,"Tucked away in the salubrious royal borough of Chelsea and Kensington is The Cranley, quite a jem of a hotel oozing old style class and refined service. I had one night to enjoy the service before departing the UK. I arrived to impeccable reception service, an escort to the room and a chilled prosecco to relax to body. While the interior room overlooking rooftops was small and quite, the bed was beautifully comfortable and the bathroom and shower mixed old with new styles.",Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
481,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or480-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great little hotel,The best part thing about staying here were the people that worked the front desk. They were always very friendly & most helpful with telling you places to eat & helping with transportation needs & with anything else you may need.The hotel is is located in a quiet neighborhood & not far from a tube station. There were also different options in restaurants nearby. The rooms were fine. They were clean & had everything you needed. You could order breakfast in the morning & they also serve food all day.  They also offer champagne in the evening .,Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
482,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or480-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for London and friendly helpful staff.If your travelling Saturday /Sunday parking is available in the same st,Very pleasant and convenient hotel to stay at as a base.Beds very comfortable and a peaceful nights sleep.The afternoon/evening cake stand is novel and a nice touch.Breakfast relaxed like sitting in someones front room with other people.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
483,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or480-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,The hotel is ideally located close to Gloucester Road tube station and within walking distance of South Kensington's museums and shopping at Knightsbridge. The hotel is charming although looking tired. We did not try using the air conditioning as we had a quiet room at the back of the hotel and prefer to have the window open. The beds are extremely comfortable and staff were helpful. Breakfast was delivered to our room and was excellent.,Date of stay: July 2016,4.0
484,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or480-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Holiday?,It's hardly a heatwave at 21c outside but our room is hot and airless and the air conditioning is broken. The A/C unit is clearly old and has obviously been broken for sometime but staff try to act surprised and can only offer a giant clunky noisy mobile thing. Advertising air con and pretending to provide it doesn't cut it in my book. I'm thinking we'll poke holes in the other so called amenities they offer as well.,Date of stay: July 2016,1.0
485,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or485-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Skin Deep,"I was beyond disappointed by this hotel which boasts a 4-star rating. I booked the hotel, called the concierge to ensure I was aware of all fees and confirmations, yet upon the day of my arrival, I was demanded to pay over more than $350 extra than my confirmation for ""customary deposits"" despite having confirmed over the telephone and putting down more than $2000 for 8 night stay. After having quite an argument, the fee was waived. I was given a room on the third floor where neither the television nor the air conditioning worked. When you have had heart surgery- and have let the concierge know that- air conditioning is a big deal in any season. I was not offered another room so I just had to deal with it...for 8 days...during the hottest twmperature of the year that Spring.…",Date of stay: May 2016,1.0
486,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or485-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel and very helpful staff,Very nice hotel close to Gloucester Road tube station. Extremely helpful staff and breakfast in room availability. We were tranferred here fron another hotel and that was absolutely the best option. Nice rooms maybe a little bit cold.,Date of stay: June 2016,4.0
487,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or485-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Ok Hotel,"Arrived to broken air conditioning. Attendant put in portable a/c unit in room. Had washcloths in room first day, but not later. Tried to get them again, but there was a language barrier with the staff member. Also had to call down for other items that should have been replenished daily, i.e. toilet paper  Other family members slept in twin beds and felt that mattresses needed to be replaced   Positive items-very comfortable king size bed.  Restaurants convenient as well as a short walk to the Underground. ",Date of stay: June 2016,3.0
488,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or485-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London", Great value,"We return here again and again. We love the comfortable rooms and four poster beds, and we have not found a better value in the area. The lobby is a lovely place to sit and they have complimentary drinks in the evening. We usually get an Executive queen. ",Date of stay: June 2016,5.0
489,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or485-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London", Good location ,"A good quality small private hotel good standard of decor. Stayed for for 2nights over a weekend. Good location to Gloucester Road station ideal for theatres and museums and shopping in Knightsbridge. Good size rooms and very clean, nice quite location.We were told that complementary champagne and canapés were served between 7&8 pm but when we went on the Sunday evening we never found them but it didn't spoil our stay. Would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
490,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or490-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Luxury,"The hotel is ideally located close to gloucester road tube, with many restaurants and pubs around. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was delicious. The room was luxurious, we felt like royalty! I went with my boyfriend and we had a night out at the Coventry garden comedy club. It's ideally located to visit the museums, the natural history museum is walking distance.",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
491,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or490-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",delightful hotel,"Booked this hotel using Mr and Mrs Smith. They were a delight to deal with, pleasant, efficient and knowledgeable. The hotel was completely different to the hotels we normally choose and how surprised we were. Before we went the staff contacted us with useful information, asking us if we required any help. The hotel was slightly tired but full of English charm. The room was very spacious and well equipped. The breakfast was lovely and the evening drink and canapés a welcome extra. There were plenty of staff at the reception who were very attentive. We were given coffee and a map on arrival and there were hummingbird cupcakes in our room. A lovely touch. We have also not stayed in this area of London before. It is so relaxed compared with more central hotels and has lots of…",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
492,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or490-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Charming, good location",Very quiet and old-school in its approach and style. We use it to avoid the big hotel feel. It is a perfect location for the South Kensington area and we have used it many times. The staff tend to be there for a long time and are very helpful. The rooms are warm and comfortable - especially the beds.  My one issue is that they need to update the technology. The Wifi speeds are well below what this class of hotel should provide.,Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
493,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or490-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Dissappointed,"From outside the hotel looks stunning!! You walk in and it does have quite a homely feel. We have a superior room although i am struggling to see what is superior about it, there was a long dark hair on the bed, but we just brushed it off and moved on.i do feel its very overpriced. We wanted a couple of cocktails as room service and first time they didnt have one ingrediant so i picked something else then 20 mins later they said they didnt have the ingrediants for the other so we cancelled the order. We ordered breakfast to the room and again very overpriced. My partner ordered a full english and was very underwhelmed. The staff are friendly",Date of stay: May 2016,3.0
494,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or490-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Broken A/C and terrible shower,Stayed for 1 night and arrived late as was travelling on business. Was shown to a smallish double room on the top floor / attic space. The room was boiling hot and I asked the hotel staff to show me how to work the AC unit. He said it was broken. No other rooms available at such a late time. Had to sleep with window fully open to try to get the room to cool but was still very warm. Shower was no more than a dribble. No water pressure at all. Poor quality and no apologies from staff. Disappointed and won't use again. ,Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
495,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or495-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Experience,"Great room, great staff, great location, easy, accessible, charming evening prosecco.  I had such an easy and pleasant stay in such a nice room, and the staff were all kind and helpful.  Highly recommend. Many thanks to the staff,  Eleanor",Date of stay: May 2016,5.0
496,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or495-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Argumentative Staff and a bit odd,"Ok, so as London hotels go the room was a good size - that is to say it was small but I could at least move around in it! My biggest issues were not the room size though.  I had booked four rooms for myself and three members of my team as we were attending an awards dinner nearby. I had paid in advance for the four rooms in their entirety. When I arrived with the lads that worked for me, the lady on reception refused to allow me to check in because I did not have any identification. I had the original credit card on which the rooms had been paid, the rooms had been paid in full, I was a UK citizen in a UK hotel and they were surprised that i did not have my passport or any other ID with me.   What annoyed me most was that they became very argumentative in front of my staff and…",Date of stay: May 2016,2.0
497,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or495-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel but untrustworthy,"If your looking for a lovely hotel, that's cosy, homely and affordable this is your place. We had a lovely stay with very friendly staff. Breakfast is great and nice to have in the room. The rooms are a little on the small side but it didn't bother us too much.   Our troubles started when we got home and I'd realised I'd left my straightners in our bedroom. After several phone calls and chading up we had an email informing us they hadn't been found (they definitely were there...) Very disappointed.......",Date of stay: April 2016,3.0
498,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or495-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good Experience,"Nice little hotel in a lovely part of London.  Not too far from Gloucester Rd tube, so close enough to go in and out of the city as you needed.  The rooms are 'compact' but so are a lot of rooms in London! The bed was comfortable, the wifi was free and the staff were all friendly.  We paid £125 a night which is pretty reasonable for the location.  Would use it again in future.",Date of stay: May 2016,4.0
499,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or495-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Fabulous location, cozy atmosphere","My husband, daughter, and I stayed 3 nights at the Cranley upon arrival in London and before heading up to the Cotswolds for a week. The room was generously sized even with the addition of a twin rollaway bed for our teenage daughter. Quirky showerhead (sprayed water erratically in all directions...), but loads of hot water, a great towel warmer, and soft soft sheets made for an comfy retreat at the end of each day. The location itself is outstanding with literally dozens of great restaurants within a block or two of the hotel and a small convenience store just on the corner where we purchased magazines, water, snacks, etc. The Natural History Museum and V & A are within easy walking distance, as is the South Kensington tube station accessed via Old Brompton Road which is loaded…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
500,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or500-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A week at The Cranley,"Was fortunate  enough to stay a week at The Cranley for business which was certainly found to be a home away from home for my time in London. True 5 Star service and an attitude of ""Nothing is too much trouble"". Centrally located in Kensington with easy access to some of the best bars and restaurants in this desirable part of London.",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
501,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or500-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Comfortable and convenient,"My fiancée and I stayed here whilst seeing friends in London for one night. We needed a place to stay not much more.   When we arrived we were surprised that you feel you walking into someone's front room and in the back room is the reception, a small office desk where we were warmly greeted. After we completed checkout we were offered a complimentary coffee and shortbread which was a nice touch to have in a warm living room (really did feel homely).   When we got to our room on the 4th floor (402) in was lovely and warm, quite small but we weren't bothered, comfortable bed, shower, TV, dressing gowns, slippers, safe and mini bar options. We were very happy. You wouldn't have liked it if you needed room, a more 'aired' room with easy access.   Once we were ready to leave for the…",Date of stay: April 2016,4.0
502,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or500-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I've just found a new home in London,"I lived in London just around the corner for 15 years and come back to this great city all the time, and despite that, I had never heard of this little gem.  The place I usually stay, also in the same area, was full, so on a chance I booked at the Cranley.  My room was small, quite small.  But it was very nice, very well decorated, and had everything I needed.  The place is charming.  The staff were polite and helpful in just the right ways.    The location is great, just two blocks from the Gloucester Road Tube Station and just off Old Brompton Road…  Very, very nice.  Even though the hotel was full while I was there, it did not feel crowded, and I did not hear other guests.  The bed was comfortable, the pillows were high quality, the toiletries were nice, the shower had…",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
503,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or500-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Best hotel I've ever been to!,"This hotel has ruined me forever! Now I won't be able to stay at a hotel less than this. Super cozy, beautiful and great service. I can't complain about anything. I'm loóking forward to syaying here NeXT time I'm in London. ",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
504,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or500-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice tiny Hotel,I stayed for 5 days and its only 5 mins walk to South Kensington Underground which only 2 stops to Westminster. Though its little hotel but the room is huge and pastry for bfst was good. Its recommended to stay here.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
505,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or505-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely Boutique Hotel, walking distance for everything you need - great staff","My husband and I stayed here as we had a gig at Hammersmith Appollo, it was a great find. Lovely boutique hotel, staff were friendly, helpful & accommodating. It was within walking distance for the tube station, and a variety of restaurants, places to have a drink and local amenities. Had a great stay & will definitely recommend.",Date of stay: April 2016,5.0
506,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or505-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Poor last minute decision, elevator cannot reach up to the room","Booked our room through Last Minute app. Didn't look as good as advertised. Elevator couldn't reach out room, they placed us all the way up on the attic where we have to go through the elevator then staircase. Ridiculous to walk up the stairs, really. Hotel location bout 10 minutes walk to the tube which isn't too bad.  Room is small and it's just inconvenient. Not the best place to stay definitely.",Date of stay: July 2015,3.0
507,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or505-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,Stayed here for 2 nights and highly recommend this hotel to anyone. Location is perfect with tube station only 5 minutes away and the surrounding area is very peaceful. Staff are very pleasant and helpful. Rooms are kept very clean and the bed was so comfortable it made for 2 great nights of sleep. Will definitely stay here again.,Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
508,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or505-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Superb location - super little hotel.,"Super location within easy walk to museums and cafes at South Kensington (do walk its quicker than taking the tube).  Local tube is on circle line so easy access to all of London - we did Notting Hill, Euston and Waterloo easily.  Hotel itself is very pleasant - a bit like a wealthy aunt's London home.  Cosy, classy and traditional, wonderfully comfortable.     Rooms are very small but there is a pleasant lounge area to sit and pass the time of day.  We didn't have breakfast so cannot comment on that, but it is disappointing not to have tea/coffee facilities in the room.  Only two other downsides - the shower head was very small so a morning dance was necessary to get properly soaked!  Oh and despite lovely Penhaligon toiletries there was no body lotion - being of typical…",Date of stay: March 2016,4.0
509,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or505-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Extremely comfortable hotel, lovely staff!","Beautiful decor, friendly accommodating staff and one of the most comfortable beds I've slept in! This charming hotel is within easy reach of Gloucester Road tube station and the Kings Road yet utterly peaceful offering a great nights sleep.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
510,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or510-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A LITTLE HIDDEN GEM IN SOUTH KENSINGTON,"gorgeous little hotel, located very close to tube station (Gloucester road). Location was perfect for shopping, shows and sightseeing. Staff were more than kind and helpful. Our room was lovely with a huge , comfortable bed. Also, very quiet which made for 2 wonderful nights sleep.",Date of stay: March 2016,5.0
511,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or510-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely boutique hotel with a couple of shortcomings,"This is a lovely boutique hotel a million miles away from the faceless chain hotels that abound in London, somehow hidden but within 5 minutes walk of a multitude of bars and eateries; highly recommended as long as you're not expecting the same levels of clinical cleanliness and crisp decoration that you'd encounter in a newly built cardboard hotel. Room was lovely, service was fine, neither overbearing nor aloof.   Downsides? Breakfast at 18.95 each is a fairly expensive option, which I'm not sure I'd want to eat it in the foyer which doubles as the restaurant. Having said that, there are plenty of places to get breakfast nearby so it's not a massive issue.  Main downside for me though (and it's one star off for this alone) is the lack of tea and coffee making facilities in the…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
512,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or510-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",No tea or coffee facilities in room,"Overall, this is a really pleasant hotel, in a nice area with plenty of choice in resaurants, pubs and bars near by. A short walk to the tube, and then very easy to get around to other areas. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful, the decor is apealing, if a little shabby in places. Our room was a decent size, with a very comfortable bed, and the usual overpriced mini-bar. The bathroom was perfectly adequate, if nothing outstanding.  The real downside for us was the lack of tea/coffee making facilities in the room. I struggled to sleep due to the noise outside and the fairly noisy cars driving up and down. Not the hotel's fault, of course, but a cup of tea would have gone down well at 3am, and again in the morning when we got up. We tried phoning down for coffee from room…",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
513,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or510-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, would recommend",Stayed for one night. Not in Central London but quiet location and good tube connection to Central London and to the west. The hotel is nice and comfortable. Staff were friendly and helpful. One review mentioned the breakfast and I would agree. We had ours in the room because the alternative in the lobby was not appealing. Would recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
514,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or510-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Boutique Hotel,"Simple & elegant, great base for a romantic get- away in London or business trip. Enjoyed the fizz and canapés between 7-8 in a homely setting, and yummy breakfasts in bed. If only I had had more time to linger in the four-poster!  The hotel was great value especially mid-week. ",Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
515,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or515-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Georgian Hotel,Stayed for a 2 night break to visit some London galleries. Great location just a short walk from either Gloucester Road or South Kensington tube stations. On the plus side... As stated the location is ideal for all the major the museums. Hotel is beautifully decorated in the style of a gentleman's residence. The room was better than expected for the price we paid. We had a decent sized bathroom with a half canopied bed. I think we paid £117 per night which included a continental breakfast. Great value for this part of London. Friendly service and the price included a bottle of complimentary wine in the room.  The only downside was that there wasn't really anywhere suitable to have breakfast other than in the room. The only other option was to have breakfast in the Lobby (which…,Date of stay: February 2016,4.0
516,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or515-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Small boutique hotel centrally located,"This is a comfortable hotel with friendly and attentive staff. The 4 poster bedroom we had was quite roomy for London and tastefully furnished. The ensuite bathroom was just about OK. Apart from breakfast, which was no more than adequate, we did not eat here, but the menu was uninspiring. The location is reasonably central, but not walkable. We spent quite a lot on taxis going to and fro shopping, going to attractions and shows. The prices somewhat allow for this, though. Overall, a small pleasant boutique hotel with a non-standard feel.",Date of stay: February 2016,3.0
517,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or515-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Valentine's weekend,We stayed here for Valentine's weekend on our visit to London. What a beautiful hotel the rooms were beautiful clean and comfortable 4poster bed. The staff were very helpful polite and generally nice people that worked hard to make out stay perfect. The breakfast was great and came to our room on time. It is close to nice bars and restaurants and easy to get to from the tube. Would definitely recommend a romantic weekend here. ,Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
518,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or515-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Would seriously consider booking in the future,"We stayed in room 608 on ground floor - no view but very comfortable bed, room and bathroom immaculate, small  but fully stocked with everything we needed - could probably manage for 2 nights with the small space. Staff very kind and helpful but sadly forgetful as well, 35 minutes for a coffee in room on arrival and then with no milk, but the coffee was delicious and worth waiting for.  The breakfast in our room was 'Continental' we had a croissant and pastry with fresh OJ and coffee and sat in bed reading the newspaper we ordered - so relaxing.  I would strongly recommend this hotel, we had no probs with the air con by the way as other people seem to.  As we were on the ground floor cannot recommend other areas in the hotel but the room was very quiet and three seconds from the…",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
519,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or515-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",second time here,"...and not disappointed.  A lovely boutique hotel with excellent, professional service.  I always feel appreciated coming here.  The rooms are clean and large, there is a nice living room with a fireplace, and it is close to the Underground, pubs, and a couple of good restaurants.  Fairly priced, it feels like home away from home.",Date of stay: February 2016,5.0
520,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or520-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in a great location,"Hotel is a 5-10 minute walk from Gloucester Tube station in a quiet residential street. Helpful and welcoming staff, nice rooms good facilities plenty of restaurants and places to drink within a 5 minute walk. Not far from The V&A, Harrods etc. A very pleasant place to stay recommend you try it out.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
521,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or520-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","A nice & cosy hotel, with a wonderful staff !","Located in the poshy borough of South Ken and Chelsea, this nice boutique hotel has a wonderful staff, doing his best for your stay to be the most confortable !  The rooms are nicely furnished in the ""old times England"" fashion, with a very unique attention to every detail (even the lavatories are made somewhere in England with old china signed by hand).  Continental breakfast can be served in room, with not that much of a choice, but enough to start a good day.",Date of stay: January 2016,5.0
522,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or520-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Haven for an overnight stay,"We had a room in the attic - the low ceiling was more than compensated for by the amazing view across London. Double bed was actually 2 beds pushed together with a slightly annoying bump in the middle. The staff were really friendly and helpful, I'd definitely go back.",Date of stay: January 2016,4.0
523,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or520-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Always wonderful,"We've stayed here twice now and would never consider staying anywhere else.  In a perfectly posh yet quiet area, easy walk to the tube, and just perfect in every way.  Lowest category of rooms are small, but very comfortable.  Or spend just a bit more for something a little bigger.  Breakfast is delivered to your room each morning----croissants, pastries, toast, etc.  Very friendly and helpful service.  Champagne and canapes delivered to your room every night between 7 and .  Just can't recommend it highly enough!",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
524,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or520-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming Hotel but a problem with breakfast charges,"My husband and I arrived early, leaving our bags at the hotel, signing the register and went out for the day.  When we returned to the hotel in the late afternoon we were shown a (small) room in the major part of the hotel (with elevator.)  I remembered having reserved a  larger room with a 4 poster bed (?) and called down to reception to see what had happened. After a few minutes we were moved to the other side of the hotel (no elevator, 50 steps up) to a much larger room. Reception said it was an upgrade, I'm not sure.    When we checked back in the afternoon I inquired whether breakfast was included in our rate. The gentlemen at the desk said that a continental breakfast (taken in the room or in the lobby) was included in our rate but that additional options (like eggs etc.)…",Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
525,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or525-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great location away from the chaos but still close enough to everything,I loved my stay at The Cranley Hotel. The hotel is a cosy boutique getaway with very attentive staff on arrival that were happy to help with anything throughout our stay. We stayed in a Deluxe Four Post bedroom which was a great size and very comfortable. There was information about the history of the buidling in the room which was a nice touch. There is a very nice cocktail bar across the road and a lot of the places we were visiting over the weekend were in walking distance. If you are planning on venturing to the West End/Covent Garden/ Soho then this hotel is probably not ideally situated. We have no complaints about the hotel (well apart from our bags were misplaced and it took about 10 minutes to re-locate them when we were ready to depart).,Date of stay: December 2015,4.0
526,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or525-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Always stay here!,"I stay here when in London several times a year. The rooms are lovely, and its a terrific value for London. The staff is friendly and the wifi is great. The neighborhood is full of restaurants and pubs, and not touristy. Walking distance to 2 tube stops. ",Date of stay: December 2015,5.0
527,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or525-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not four star,"Having read quite a few previous reviews we were disappointed with our experience here. Maybe our expectations were too high but we would not consider this a four star hotel - at best a decent three. The good points - good location, cleanliness, staff. Bad points - rooms are on the small side although accepting this is an older style property, beds appear to be just standard doubles although comfortable,  rooms were uncomfortably warm even though we did not have radiators on - we moved from one room (302) to the top floor which was slightly better in this respect - and the shower was terrible with very poor pressure. WiFi was also poor.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
528,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or525-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cozy and Decent!!,"Me and my wife stayed in this hotel during our summer holidays in August. All in all this is a very decent hotel which offers you a really cozy and comfortable stay.  Whoever plans to stay here should know that this area is a very(overly) expensive area for travelers, Hotels around here are very expensive and Cranley could be the answer when someone would look for a decent hotel with a smaller budget. It would still be expensive. The hotel is a 7 minute walk from the Gloucester Road station which is a very useful station with access to three different underground lines.  The hotel used to be a big house and is now a hotel. The rooms may look a little bit too crowded but it was surprisingly quiet. I could not hear a sound from other bedrooms.  The bedroom is just enough for two…",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
529,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or525-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Faulty Towers! Or a walk in sauna!,"Most appalling hotel, helpful staff though but food very very bad. Sent to room that is like a high temperature sauna, they have cooled with 1980s fan but still very hot, yet it is a cold December evening. Hotel like Fawlty Towers, food so bad, staff so nice, room tiny and quirky, like a sauna, no TV except if you know how you may get BBC 1 but really depends! Caesar salad consisted of pile of croutons, lettuce and dressing, white wine warm, salmon sandwich served as two pieces of bread together not cut in half or quarters and mostly cream cheese. Primary complaint is room temperature and no BBC 1. Not a 4 star hotel. However must stress staff brilliant, they should get jobs at better 5 star hotel. Please also note, that we asked earlier in evening and were told there were no…",Date of stay: December 2015,1.0
530,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or530-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice stay, room for improvement. ","We stayed here for one night before heading home to Sydney. We loved the  location, it's about 20-25 mins from the attractions in the heart of the city but it is in nice, quiet and wealthy area with an abundance of cafe's and restaurants around. The hotel itself is nice and clean, we stayed in room 402 on the 4th floor in what we believed to be the attic of one of terraces. To access the 4th floor you can only go in the lift to level 3 then take one flight of stairs to the room. The room was small but fine for one night, however it was boiling hot inside! It was a typical 10-11 degrees outside for this time of year and we had to sleep with the fan on and the window open and we were still sweating with no covers on!! It was stifling hot, the air con didn't work and the heating…",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
531,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or530-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I wouldn't go back to the Cranley Hotel,"Not sure what Star I would rate this hotel?...It has lots of character but that's about it. We paid £322 for 1 night (Continental Breakfast inc) - For this amount of money the hotel is really disappointing. Room was very very tired, carpet totally worn through, bathroom grubby, furniture all chipped, paintwork chipped then badly re-painted but worst thing was the smell, it's like an old peoples home. (sorry if this offends).  The whole hotel needs a re-furb and really not worth the money. If not for the staff I would rate it 1 or 2.   Much nicer and better value hotels available.",Date of stay: November 2015,3.0
532,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or530-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cranley,"Beautiful room with 4 poster bed, quiet even though overlooking the main street. Perfect location close to Knightsbridge and the Kings Rd. Only drawback , having to chose the breakfast time the night before. we opted to have breakfast in the breakfast room but as we were not there at 10 AM on the dot they brought it to the bedroom whether we want to or not.                             ",Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
533,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or530-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing!  Beautiful and terrific staff,"My sister and I checked in and were immediately taken care of. Suitcases to room, and afternoon tea to enjoy. Breakfast was delicious and beautifully presented. The location is central to ""retail therapy"" and historical sites. Staff were amazing. Loved it!",Date of stay: November 2015,5.0
534,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or530-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A casa propria!," This hotel is my favourite in London! All the time I'm in London I came here.  Personally I prefer small hotels against anonymous large buildings with standard rooms, the same  in London or Paris or in NY.  Cranley is special, it seems an Victorian house with furnitures in old stile.  In the all there is a marvellous fireplace generally lighting.  The quality of service is a very high standard and the staff is professional and kind.  All the evening is offered an nice aperitif and I feel relaxed!  Moreover the hotel is situated in one of the best area of London.  Buon soggiorno al Cranley!!!",Date of stay: October 2015,5.0
535,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or535-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great location but meh hotel,"I stayed in this hotel 10 years ago and it definitely is showing its age. The front desk staff are very kind and accommodating, but housekeeping was not at 100%. Our room, on the top floor, was very warm and we had to keep the window wide open all day and night to get a breeze. The best aspect of this hotel is the location- easy walk to great pubs/restaurants and very quick access to underground.   If you want tired charm, this is a fine hotel. But if you want something a bit more reflective of a 4 star rating, I would go elsewhere.",Date of stay: September 2015,3.0
536,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or535-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Quiet Hotel with Excellent Location,We stayed here for several nights before departing for Austria.  This is a great economical hotel with an excellent location for shuttle from LHR and access to the underground transportation.  Real quiet neighborhood.  Nice continental breakfast--with other options--to get started.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
537,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or535-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely anniversary stay,"We stayed here for 2 nights in June. I had told the hotel when booking that my husband and I were celebrating our wedding anniversary and on checking in discovered we had been upgraded, with a bottle of champagne and flowers left in the room  - a lovely touch and much appreciated!  The hotel is more like staying in a friend's home - very relaxed and pleasant. The location is perfect - very quiet - but just a stone's throw from South Ken and the great restaurants. Easily accesible to the Tube too.  Our room was a good sized and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom was small but adequate. The only issue we had was that our room was very warm but didn't detract from our stay. I can imagine that in the height of summer the heat could be unbearable.  We will definitely return.",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
538,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or535-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great location good people marred by poor owner management policies,"We stayed for 4 days at a hotel that has a great location, staffed with mostly woeful employees and helpful. Overall experience was good the rooms were clean, decency maintained and overall service experience with the resident staff always pleasant.  What soured the whole experience was the innocuously pettiness in management policies that depreciated the total experience.it seems that the owners have rigid policies and the staff doesn't have flexibility to be accommodative to their guests.",Date of stay: October 2015,3.0
539,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or535-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,Overnight stay for conference. Excellent friendly and helpful staff. Room compact but lovely. Very comfy bed. Shower a little small but very warm.Old fashioned furnishings add to the ambience.I will remember this hotel for when I visit London again.,Date of stay: October 2015,4.0
540,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or540-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Neighborhood value!,"The Cranley doesn't look like anything special from the street.  In fact, you could easily walk right by and never miss it, but it offers old school charm and a ""refined"" feel once inside.  It's clearly a converted residence and the ""lobby"" is really the original parlor.  A desk on one end is the reception.  The rooms (there are only xx) are ample, but not large, offering queen beds and private baths.  Ours was clean and comfortable.  The South Kennsington location is ideal for exploring London and offers a multitude of neighborhood dining options.  We found the staff to be cheery, most helpful and quick to respond.  While nothing in this neighborhood is cheap we felt the Cranley was reasonably priced and offered good value all things considered.  ",Date of stay: September 2015,4.0
541,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or540-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Do not stay here the staff are rude and have no idea of customer service,"We are frequent travellers to London and booked accordingly. However I have to say that it was the worst experience we have had for some time.  The Room was completely misrepresented on the booking as it was by no means 14 Square Meters, and only accessible by stairs.  Earlier in the morning there was a great deal of noise as a result of the room being next to a large housekeeping cupboard. Not only that, at one point when we were relaxing on the bed, a member of the housekeeping staff barged into the room without even knocking and made no apology!   Then to add insult to injury at one minute and 30 seconds after check out time, the front desk called our room to ""hassle"" us into leaving, under the pretext of offering assistance!   This is not at all acceptable.   On checking out…",Date of stay: September 2015,1.0
542,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or540-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A Jewel in Kensington,"Our room was beautiful, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The hotel provided a portable air conditioning unit and it provided the perfect temperature and white noise for sleeping. The staff was very friendly and helpful with our requests. It was within easy walking distance of two Underground stations, and many good restaurants. We would love to stay here again!",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
543,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or540-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect for long stay in London, very helpful staff!","We stayed here for a month and were very impressed with the helpful staff who run this hotel.  This is a cosy, small place to stay in the heart of South Kensington with some great pubs and restaurants on the doorstep, tube is very near and if you like to walk London as we do the location is excellent.  Rooms here all vary, we liked the rooms on the front of the hotel, which were pretty quiet for London.  Our favourite room is on the Lower ground floor with lovely terrace, we were lucky to be moved to this room after finding the bed in our original room uncomfortable, thanks to the wonderful staff who organised this for us, we will certainly be booking this room again next year!  We found this hotel to be perfect for us, there is no restaurant or bar but we like to go out anyway…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
544,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or540-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A little treasure,"What a gorgeous little hotel! Worth every penny.  Fabulous service from start to finish, a warm and welcoming atmosphere, and our room was absolutely beautiful.  We had a four poster room and it was very spacious for Central London.  The bed itself was incredibly comfortable and the water pressure in the shower was excellent.  Can't praise this hotel highly enough - it was a lovely experience and we would go back again and again! ",Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
545,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or545-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Thank you for saving our trip and making it wonderful!,"I arrived to London with my wife and my two kids and suddenly found ourselves without any accommodation. Differently to many other hotels, the lovely people at the Cranley really took an interest in helping us and arranged two communicated rooms which were perfect for us. The staff is just fantastic (my two kids still remember Rubén, a Spanish reception manager who made our stay wonderful by giving us the most helpful tips), the location is ideal and both the building (two typical Georgian houses) and the rooms are elegant, extremely well decorated and very cosy. Our definite place to stay in London!",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
546,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or545-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good place,I stayed at this hotel last week for two nights on business. In comparison to some others I have stayed in for comparable prices the amenities did not quite match up. The restaurant was nice but slightly overpriced.,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
547,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or545-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Perfect location + calm experience, but pricey!","The hotel is situated close to Nando's and Gloucester Road Station and in a quiet neighbourhood. The rooms feature a king-size bed, complimentary high-quality water, premium toiletries and overpriced snacks. The food in the hotel is tasty and refreshing, but expensive. I will recommend this hotel to anyone who has the money, wants to stay in this cool borough and be close to city center and hotel.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
548,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or545-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Period hotel in ideal location,"The Cranley is a beautiful Georgian building whose initial kerb appeal is matched by the tasteful interior décor. There's an airy lounge and lovely terrace to the front where you can watch the world go by and its ideally situated close to Earl's Court, with numerous bars and restaurants on the main road, 50 metres walk away. The service is excellent - as good as anywhere. The rooms are well appointed, the only down side being no tea and coffee making facilities (what is it about us Brits??), however there is 24/7 room service to compensate.  All in a very nice 'Boutique' hotel offering traditional service and values - the 'Loan' umbrellas are a great touch as well.",Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
549,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or545-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice hotel but air conditioning,"Carpets are worn but all seemed clean and bathroom was modern. Although we loved the huge bed, seems a bit excessive in such a tiny room.  We booked a room for 2 and the room was so tiny we had nowhere to put our luggage aside from the tiny walkway around the bed. In addition, the air conditioner wasn't working and so a portable one took up precious space.  We couldn't close the window due to the tubing which was ridiculous.  Having read so many comments about the air conditioning, I would've thought it would be fixed by now.  Staff were generally very lovely and helpful which made the stay pleasant.",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
550,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or550-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional & surprising,We stayed at the hotel with our little son. We didn't expect much but already the welcome was so nice and warm. Several people wanted to help us with the luggage and buggy. We were a bit early but it was organised that I get for my son a room a bit earlier.  The room was really lovely and big with a beautiful high seeling.  Breakfast we had in our room. It was really good as well. We will definitely return there. The whole staff was lovely and all in all it was a good experience.,Date of stay: August 2015,5.0
551,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or550-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Let's be honest now !!!,"I managed to bag a fantastic late deal at this well located hotel. I was a little concerned reading some of the reviews but I was delighted that my room was far better than expectations, the staff were very obliging and courteous. However things changed on my return from dinner to find the room has no tea or coffee making facilities and one small room service coffee is rather expensive. My biggest concern is that the hotels air conditioning does not work and has not done so for a long time. Let's be honest with customers inform them of this on check in don't make feeble excuses and don't fail to offer a genuine apology or at least offer something in lieu of an advertised essential service. I shall complain to my booking agent too!  ",Date of stay: August 2015,3.0
552,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or550-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice weekend ,My partner and I stayed here for 3 nights August 2015. We had room 205 which is one of the 4-poster bedrooms looking over the front. Nice hotel with plenty of character and period features in a good location with just a 5 minute stroll to Gloucester Road tube station. All of the staff we encountered were v friendly and helpful. Small lobby area. No bar as such although drinks are available. Bedroom was an ok size for London and v tastefully decorated. Front of hotel gets a lot of sun so room was very warm.  A portable air con unit came with the room but this was a rather ugly addition with its airtube hanging out the window. Bed had two individual mattresses and was comfy albeit with a bit of a dip in the middle where the mattresses joined. No tea or coffee making facilities in…,Date of stay: August 2015,4.0
553,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or550-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Mrs Gullon,"It's excellent both location and hotel it's self, so charming and peaceful.  As soon as you come into the front door, you would have home feeling, the colour, furnitures and style to tasty. There water was ready for you, surprisingly they even provided little snack for you in the hall,wow, fall in love with it instantly.  Our room is clear and comfortable, bathroom is nice clear! It's quiet night so had very good sleep!  Definitely come again! ",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
554,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or550-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight trip to London,"I came across this hotel by chance through trip advisor when I was looking for a comfortable overnight stay in London. We got a great rate through hotels.com and were really excited when we saw the area the hotel was in. It's quietish, with a range of pubs, restaurants and cafes with loads of beautiful architecture. The room was pretty and well appointed.  Service was adequate, but not as I had anticipated from the gushing reviews left by some previous guests. I would visit again, but would probably book a bigger room and call to check that the air conditioning was working!",Date of stay: July 2015,4.0
555,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or555-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",So Perfect!,"We loved our stay at the Cranley from start to finish, a wonderful level of customer service with a comfy bed and delicious breakfast. The location is wonderful, with green space and famous galleries/museums (V&A) at your doorstep.     A inquisitional British hotel, with all the trimmings!",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
556,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or555-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Never again,"The location was good, the outside of the hotel charming but once inside it was a different story: The entrance's carpet was very dirty and you can see that the hotel was beautiful once but now it miss a good cleaning. The room was terrible: the carpet was so dirty and not mentioning the curtains! They were stained and ripped. The chair was also stained. The service was also very poor.",Date of stay: June 2015,2.0
557,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or555-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Summer visit to London,"The air conditioning worked!  Woo hoo!  We said we'd never vacation during June-July-August, yet here we were in London and it was hot as blazes. And it seemed London was even more crowded than we'd ever remembered. The Cranley was just far enough away from the usual tourist haunts, but close enough to the Glocester Road Tube station to quickly get us anywhere we wanted without difficulty. Wonderful little restaurants within only a couple of blocks in several directions, with several styles and price points. We stayed here for eight nights and I worried London's notoriously small hotel rooms would make me claustrophobic. We booked a four-poster room and found it to be just about right. Unpacking our suitcases to fully utilize the drawers in the bureau, and both closets in our…",Date of stay: July 2015,5.0
558,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or555-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",worth while,"It has been my second time at the Cranley Hotel , no qüestio why that! The hotel is located in a very good place , meters from Gloucester Rd tube station , and very close to other relevant hotel and restaurants. It is a small size hotel but you will find it very much convenient. Rooms are big enough with good views over the street and adjacent sq . Room service available and also good breakfast served. Staff are lovely and dedicated people. Alltogether my suggestion is : don't miss it !",Date of stay: October 2014,5.0
559,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or555-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The most charming and smile-inducing stay we've had in a while,"Our family stayed there for 6 nights. Was a wonderful experience where the staff were warm, friendly and sincere (good service these days are truly hard to come by) from the front desk to the house keeping to the room service. Food was absolutely delicious, especially the breakfast which helped us start our schedule-packed days in London with full and content bellies. Overall a charming and cosy boutique hotel which really had the human touch we were looking for. Superb.",Date of stay: June 2015,5.0
560,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or560-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice location,"We (my wife, daughter and I) stayed here for 3 nights. It is a short walk (5 min) from the Gloucester Road tube station, and is conveniently located with plenty of grocery shops, restaurants and pubs nearby. The staff were attentive and friendly. My only complain is that the room was quite small for the rather high price we paid. Maybe it is common to all London hotels. The bathroom was quite nice. Every evening we could ask for a complementary glass of champagne (you have to ask from the reception to get it). There was free wifi but you had to connect to it over and over again. The hotel was very quiet and peaceful, and was situated in a nice neighborhood. We enjoyed our walk from the hotel to the tube station. Overall, it was a great stay, however a little too pricy for the…",Date of stay: June 2015,4.0
561,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or560-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Time for a Change!!,"Since our last visit to The Cranley in September of 2012, (see Trip Advisor review of Sept. 25, 2012 and Sept. 17,2010), this charming hotel has lost some of its sparkle.  This was our 7th visit to our “home away from home” and sad to say, our last.  The Cranley is showing signs of neglect.  Our room on the third floor (Rm. 306, for  seven years), had the same torn and stained curtains and worn  furniture.  Also, the rug was starting to pull up from the doorway.  The  lamp on the desk was missing, which didn’t matter much because there was no stationery to write on.  The cool weather saved us from the broken air conditioning system that was out of service for our entire seven-night stay.  (The portable air conditioning unit that was sent to our room was absolutely unacceptable.)…",Date of stay: June 2015,3.0
562,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or560-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Super boutique hotel,"We were fortunate to be given the choice of this hotel after the hotel that we had booked was overbooked. It is a lovely hotel created from two townhouses. The service was wonderful. Our room was perfect with a four poster king sized bed. Although our room faced the street (with lovely flower boxes outside), the noise from the street was nonexistent - and we are very fussy as we live where there is NO noise.  The only possible downside was that there was no hairdryer, but, for me, that was o.k.  The water in the shower was very soft. The staff (manager Francois(I hope that is right) was wonderful. We were offered a welcoming drink and, despite our early arrival, our room was ready within 15 minutes.  The hotel was only steps from some very nice retaurants, especially a Tapas…",Date of stay: May 2015,5.0
563,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or560-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice location, but...","The location is great in regards to the museums, Harrods, restaurants, and the train station. But, after spending the past two and a half weeks in upscale hotels in Ireland and Scotland, this is the lowest on my list, though it was one of the most expensive we stayed in. The carpet in our room was worn and wrinkled and the bathroom extras were on the slim side. The Internet connection had many steps before you could use it and you have to sign in all the time.(I know, wah wah, you're on vacation; but it was necessary to keep in touch with family on this trip.) Also, in every other hotel or B&B we have been in, breakfast included anything on the menu. If we wanted cereals  or anything hot, there was an additional charge. BTW the hotel does not have a cafe or restaurant on site…",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
564,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or560-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, but not worth the money","This hotel was very quaint and I loved the furnishings however the rooms were very warm even when it was cold outside. The plumbing was old, the toilet noisy and you could hear everything going on in the hotel. Continental breakfast is coffee or tea with bread and juice, not worth the price. Also my biggest complaint the beds were not comfortable. The people working there were very kind and helpful.",Date of stay: May 2015,3.0
565,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or565-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Avoid This Place,"Down at the heels, with holes in carpets and shabby furniture.  And poor service to boot. The front desk personnel are untrained and did not follow through when we gave them specific instructions to deliver a message to the room of our friends who were also staying in the hotel.  (There is no message light on the telephone.)  The internet connection is sporadic and extremely slow.  In order to access some of the rooms, one must either climb 62 stairs or take an elevator, go down a corridor and go up and down two short flights of stairs.  At over $400, this was the epitome of a rip-off.",Date of stay: May 2015,1.0
566,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or565-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Country house in Kensington,"Had executive room on lower ground floor. A surprisingly large room with 3 very big opening windows. Set in Bina Gardens which is primarily residential makes this aa very quiet location enabling us to sleep with the window open. Good natured and helpful staff. Breakfast delivered to the room at the requested time offered light continental to full english.  Minor moan, room service stops at 10:30 so a kettle plus tea, coffee, chocolate would be a welcome addition. Walking distance from the museums, Albert Hall, Kensington Gardens, Knightsbridge make this an ideal location. Plenty of pubs, bars, coffee shops and restaurants within max 20 minutes walk. Would definitely stay again as long as its in exec room.",Date of stay: May 2015,4.0
567,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or565-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great little place and location!,"I stayed in this little hotel in South Kensington and what a place, exactly what you would expect if you are a London history lover! Great location, discreet, good prices and in one of the best area in London. You can walk to two tube stations, plenty of great eateries, shopping, coffee shop and a taxi will take 15 minutes through Hide Park to bring you at Marble Arch! Staffs are fine and pleasant...",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
568,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or565-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not for us,"Room very very small, no dressing table to do hair ,makeup, had to take mirror from bathroom and sit on bed. Also our room looked into flats opposite and we had to keep the heavy curtains closed which made the room dark , hot and felt even smaller.  And no tea or coffee in the room which is very unusual for hotels in the UK .  We never did get the champagne and canapé .  On the positive, friendly staff, lovely location.",Date of stay: May 2015,2.0
569,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or565-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Elegance on Bina,"This is an unusual hotel with the atmosphere of an elegant brownstone; it has a small but lovely lobby; breakfast is served primarily in the room, choice of continental-included or a bit more for not that much more ie 5pounds quality is excellent.  The staff, including Alfonso, Ruben, and the friendly helpful manager Mark Battle are extremely accommodating and helpful in reservations and assistance with anything....theatre tickets, confirmations, etc.",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
570,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or570-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic,"What a great find. We stayed one night in this fantastic boutique hotel that is in easy walking distance from the Gloucester Road tube station. Upon arrival we were treated with such kindness. The staff were lovely, helpful and enthusiastic. We usually stay in large chain hotels, never again as this experience changed my whole perception. No longer will I face the robotic ever changing staff or the mass breakfast dining mess hall you get in large hotels. At the Cranley you get to enjoy your delicious breakfast in your room. A lovely touch, you can opt to eat in the beautiful lobby area but either way you avoid the hustle of a manic dining hall. From the arrival drink and welcome, the surprise upgrade to a four poster bed room to the checking out the staff at this hotel couldn't…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
571,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or570-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasant but lacking the finishing touches,"Stayed last-minute (arrived 11pm) after a late night at work. Overall it was very pleasant and a nice little treat compared to staying in a local chain alternative. We were upgraded free which is always a nice bonus, and felt like I got great value for money overall (but breakfast not included in a place like this seemed silly).  The room quality and furnishing were of a high standard and in-keeping with the style of both the rest of the hotel and the surrounding area. No complaints except a little dusty and the curtains didn't shut fully as one was stuck. Overall very pleasant.  The staff were quite good and happy to oblige - as it was an impromptu stay after work I didn't have a toothbrush or toothpaste, they happily provided. Small things but the difference between an okay…",Date of stay: April 2015,4.0
572,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or570-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Diligen,"I booked this hotel though a third party at an exceptional rate. 30 min after arrival I exstended my stay from two nights to four after receiving such a gracias welcome and personal attension. Not only where the staff friendly and certious but personable and genuine. With a timely delivery of lovely cappuccinos to my room not only for myself but a friend that brought me from the airport. The room was exceptionally clean(I check under beds, furniture and atop ledges) taking this option over free accomodation with a friend after my original two night booking while being on a budget. Complaints such as noise seem redundant to me when choosing a period property in central London! What I would consider not 5 star but pure talent is the managements true ability to deliver quality…",Date of stay: April 2015,5.0
573,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or570-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",We will return,"This was our fourth stay at the Cranley, and we will continue to stay here when we travel to London.   The hotel is conveniently located on the Piccadilly Line, so travelling from Heathrow is not difficult.  It's a short walk from Gloucester Road tube station, and there are several pubs along the way.    The staff have always been exceptionally friendly, and on the rare occasion when we've needed to ask for something, they have always dealt with our request with cheer and alacrity.  We have never been made to feel that any request was a bother.  We don't tend to use our hotel as a destination since we like to take advantage of museums, book shops and theatres, but we are always happy to return to the Cranley at the end of a long day, where there's a bowl of fresh fruit in the…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
574,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or570-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly, comfortable London Boutique Hotel","We had a three night stay at The Cranley and we found it to be a friendly and comfortable place to stay. The staff are very cordial and efficient.  The rooms are comfortable and thoughtfully decorated. We really enjoyed having breakfast served in the room. The continental breakfast included in the room price was ample. Location is convenient for the tube, museums and plenty of choice in local restaurants. We would recommend Margaux - the staff there are very attentive and the food was tasty.  The hotel is situated on a quiet side street which was ideal for a good night's sleep.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
575,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or575-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional People; Challenging Facilities,"The staff at The Cranley is exceptional, going out of their way to be helpful in anyway they can.  The rooms and public spaces are a bit small.  They do serve breakfast but it's awkward to find a place to enjoy it.  The lobby is very small with no dining tables.  Weather permitting, dining on the front patio is your best bet.  Them biggest challenge I faced was incredibly slow internet service.  It was impossible at times to use the internet at all.  It does enjoy a very nice location in South Kensington.",Date of stay: March 2015,4.0
576,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or575-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",In reality you don't need any other London hotel,"Great hotel. Friendly staff. Very quite neighbourhood. Great location. Very safe. Clean and comfortable. London hotels are not like hotels other places, for better and for worse. But as far as a London hotel goes, Cranley is all you need.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
577,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or575-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A Perfect Treat,This was our second visit & we were not disappointed. On arrival we were offered a cup of tea in the lounge & complimentary cake. Had the best nights sleep in the Executive double room. The Continental breakfast served in our room was a perfect start to my Mother's Day!  Our daughter also stayed here for her 21st birthday treat last year & absolutely loved it.  Can't wait to return to this perfect place.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
578,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or575-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Superb hotel - Everything wonderful.,Lovely hotel - We could not have  been made more welcome - The room was lovely - The hotel is very central which is great. Breakfast good - Lots of choice. Wifi a bit dodgy but is is being upgraded at  present so this will not be an issue for much longer.,Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
579,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or575-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Superb building but stops there.,"My daughter treated me to a london show and stay in London for Xmas.. She booked The Cranley Hotel for 2 nights in a ""superior"" room. This room was on the ground floor at the rear with no view and not even enough room to walk around the double bed. Not acceptable. I paid a £30 per night upgrade to an executive room  overlooking the front road. This was a very pleasant room. The continental breakfast consisted of a tea/coffee and a slice of toast. Extra £5 for a small packet of cereal and a small yoghurt. The evening canapés consisted of a thumbnail sized piece of Brie and 1 grape cut in half, served on a Chinese soup spoon. We even had to ask for these, they were not offered. It was very sad that we felt The Cranley could have been so delightful if only the management were not…",Date of stay: March 2015,2.0
580,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or580-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Convenient and charming,"A boutique hotel in a London town house, finished mainly with antiques and akin to staying in a wealthy friend's home.  I arrived late and lefty early, but the service was friendly, professional and fast.  The room was immaculate and - joy of joys - I was able to open the window.  I didn't check whether there was air conditioning so you might need to do that in a hot summer, but otherwise everything was fine.  The hotel is well paced for transport and, being in west London, is pretty good for the airport.  Excellent museums are walking distance and the rest of London is easy to get to by Tube or 'bus.  I was on business, so solo, but this would be a good hotels for couples.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
581,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or580-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A Delightful Respite from Impersonal Lodgings,"Our BA flight from North America arrived at 0600, and we proceeded to the Cranley expecting to drop our bags and spend the morning hours exploring South Kensington. The trip took about 40 minutes from LHR on the Picadilly line, with an exit at Gloucester Road and an easy 10 minute walk from there.  We were greeted at the door, assisted with our baggage, checked in quickly (and offered juice and coffee and tea), and taken up to our room. We would have been equally delighted had our room not been available - after all, it wasn't expected - but the day staff and general manager were warm and welcoming and made us feel ""at home"" in a manner of minutes. That we had an opportunity to close our eyes for a couple of hours before setting out to explore the neighborhood was a bonus to…",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
582,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or580-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely anniversary break.,"Stayed at The Cranley to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary and was not disappointed. Lovely hotel in a fantastic position, easy access to local tube stations and, of course, museums, Kensington Park and Hyde Park. The hotel has a lot of style and the staff are fantastic, so friendly and welcoming. Third floor room overlooking the front was a good size, very comfortable. When booking, was a little concerned about there being no breakfast room but needn't have been, loved having breakfast in our room, it made the start to the day more relaxed. Breakfast itself was lovely. Champagne and canapes was a lovely treat before going out in the evening. All in all, looking forward to going back.",Date of stay: March 2015,5.0
583,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or580-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely place to stay,"Stayed here for one night for an evening at the Royal Albert Hall which is very close by, and enjoyed our stay very much. Very friendly and accommodating staff and lovely breakfast! Would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
584,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or580-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely weekend retreat,"A lovely old traditional London Town house in South KensingtonWe had the ground floor room which had a lovely terrace which if the weather had been warmer we would have had breakfast on.The room comprised , entrance with wardrobes , small dining area with table for breakfast...you need to eat breakfast in your room.Good sized bedroom with great large high bed and large bathroom, all very nice and traditionally furnished.Staff excellent , breakfast lovely.We went with Secret escapes and swapped a welcome drink for a pot of tea in the evening.No tea facilities in the room. Sarurday 13.30 onwards free parking on the meters so do not book a days parking in the sister Millenium car park....this costs £37!  For  24 hours!",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
585,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or585-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing boutique hotel,"I stayed at the Cranley for 4 nights in February.  This hotel is very charming, the decor is so lovely and the area is amazing!!  The Lobby is a great place to have a drink.   The staff are super great, any time I asked them for anything they were polite and very keen to help as quickly as possible.  The staff seemed truly concerned with my well being which was very nice.   The beds are VERY comfortable!  Depending on the room type you get, you may have different experiences.  I stayed at first in the basic room - it's small but I think it's adequate space for 1 or 2 people.  In the basic room, if you are a very sensitive sleeper - the noise from the elevator can be bothersome in the early mornings... I switched to an upgraded room where the bed was huge and the room had a ton…",Date of stay: February 2015,4.0
586,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or585-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A lucky find!,"We spent a lovely week at the Cranley Hotel in South Kensington., celebrating the school half term with our little grandchildren.  Our room was vey comfortable, plenty of space, on the third floor.  The staff couldn't have been more helpful and welcoming. Room service was efficient. The neighborhood was interesting, many good restaurants, within a ten minute walk of the Victoria and Albert Museum, and a bit longer walk of Holland Park and the Kensington High Street.  The South Kensington tube stop was also a short walk.  Since the Cranley is on a quiet residential street, and just a short walk from Brompton Road, the hotel is both quiet and convenient.  This hotel will be our regular stay in London. We couldn't have been more pleased.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
587,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or585-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Really good except for breakfast,We really liked the hotel.  We had a lovely room with 4 poster high ceilings and lots of period features. Great bathroom too which was recently refitted.   Staff were really friendly and genuinely wanted to make our stay a success.     The only downside was that the inclusive breakfast was unacceptable.  My wife ordered continental with wholemeal role.   She received one bread role which we measured as 2 inches long!  Nothing else other than a coffee.  Also there is no breakfast room so you need to take it in your room or in reception.    Out room had a nice table so that was ok.   I upgraded to my breakfast and so received a yogurt and cereal for an extra fiver.     If the hotel had included a sensible continental breakfast we would have rated it at least a 4.  This is very…,Date of stay: February 2015,3.0
588,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or585-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely loved it!,"What a find! The Cranley is exactly the kind of hotel that I adore and want from London, yet seems hard to find these days. From the charming country house-style living room to the beautiful bedroom with a four-poster queen bed and elegant bathroom, I was delighted with the furnishings and standard of decoration.  The staff are terrific, and deserve special mention. I checked in on a very cold afternoon, and was immediately offered a complimentary pot of tea to enjoy in either the lobby or my room to warm up and relax. Nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff, and one even responded to one of my requests with, 'Of course. You're at home now.' It's a lovely sentiment, and one that I think the hotel embodies, rather than simply pays lip service to. Those with mobility…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
589,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or585-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Super Hotel,What a super hotel! Medium price range in very well situated South Kensington. The staff are amazingly friendly and most hospitable. The hotel is cozy and has a homely ambience. Rooms are beautifully appointed with 5* bathroom Will visit again and recommend highly,Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
590,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or590-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Hotel with wonderful staff.,"Stayed in this hotel for two nights party of 3 two adults and 1 child between 16th and 18th of February. It was booked as a secret hotel so we were a little skeptical as to what to expect. Must say we were more than a little surprised it was absolutely fantastic. Staff were extremely helpful, room was nice and clean we stayed in room 106 the bed was huge and we had a very peaceful nights sleep. My 9 yr old son was very taken with the hot chocolate said it was the best he had ever tasted !! The Hotel is situated a 5 minute walk from Gloucester Rd Tube station and is an excellent base for sight seeing and main tourist attractions, National History Museum 10 Min walk. We popped down one evening for champagne and canapes must say very nice. I would not hesitate in recommending this…",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
591,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or590-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Valentines Stay,"Myself and my other half stayed at the Cranley Hotel on Valentine's night and it topped off what already was a wonderful day. The room was a little on the smaller size but nothing to complain about and the bathroom had everything you'd need for a short stay. Lovely touch of champagne and canapés in the evening, a little something extra that other hotels should think about and thus I'm glad we picked a boutique hotel rather than a chain. We will definitely return should the occasion arise! ",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
592,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or590-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic Stay With Extremely Helpful Staff.,"We booked this hotel as a secret hotel on lastminute.com and the whole stay was fantastic. Set in the heart of South Kensington it was only a short walk from Gloucester Road Station. When we arrived we were instantly greeted by an extremely helpful concierge who told us we had been upgraded to a Four Poster Suite. The room was incredible; it was big, clean and decorated well. Not only were we upgraded but concierge booked us into a stunning restaurant on Valentines Day! I couldn't fault the helpfulness of the staff. The bed was HUGE and extremely comfortable. My only fault would be that we couldn't turn off the TV subtitles. I would, without hesitation, stay here again and would recommend it whole heartedly.",Date of stay: February 2015,5.0
593,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or590-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A lovely boutique hotel,Booked this at last minute as a secret hotel. Certainly was not disappointed. This hotel is a little gem. Situated just a 5 minute walk from Gloucester Road tube and 15 mins from Kings Road this was perfect for our stay. The Cranley is a fantastic Hotel we arrived early but everything was done to accommodate us so we could spend the day sightseeing. Room was amazing with one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. Clean tidy with the most courteous of staff I would recommend this hotel.,Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
594,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or590-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic hotel but glad we got a special offer ,"I couldn't fault the hotel. Despite arriving in very scruffy clothes post ski holiday there was no snobbery and we received a warm welcome with a drink brought to our room on arrival. The room was spacious, traditionally furnished without looking ""tired"" with a truly luxurious bathroom. We managed to get a discounted rate on the room, and looking at full price rates I'm not sure we would have paid them but given its South Kensington location I doubt you will get anything better at the same price. ",Date of stay: January 2015,4.0
595,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or595-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Cramped, impractical. Fantastic location is the only thing going for it.","An extremely CRAMPED room. No room to unpack simple luggage for 2 - we had to consistently take turns to open our luggage.  Continental breakfast was beyond a joke - although we didn't pay for it, (£9.95 normal charge). A nice croissant with consistently cold toast, cold coffee and a glass of juice. Staff mostly courteous and the downstairs lobby room was charming, but overall an entirely unpleasant experience.   Location was wonderful, near gloucester road tube, extremely quiet and peaceful neighbourhood.   Carpets stained. Bedhead stained with questionable marks. Double bed was one of those models where 2 singles are shoved together. Uncomfortable. Will avoid and never consider again. I know London rooms are smaller than other cities but we almost cancelled and left.   Perhaps…",Date of stay: January 2015,1.0
596,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or595-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming Boutique Hotel,"The Cranley Hotel offers a boutique hotel experience with easy access to the Tube. Our room was large by London standards and included a small sitting area. When we arrived, our rooms weren't quite ready, so they offered us a drink while we waited in their lobby, enjoying the wood fire. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the neighborhood feel, including some great restaurants and pubs. Good option for London!",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
597,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or595-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A proper 4 star hotel,"This is an excellent four star hotel in London.  I visit London once a week and stay in lots of 4 star hotels. This is by far the best 4 star hotel I have ever stayed in in London. Reception and staff were friendly. Executive room was spacious and grand. Room was quiet and the bed was very comfortable. Best nights sleep for a while.  Nice touch was the complimentary glass of champagne that was delivered to my room.  Great hotel, will certainly be staying here again.  In fact its better that some of the 5 star hotels I've stayed at in London!",Date of stay: January 2015,5.0
598,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or595-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Small is Best,Having travelled extensively across the world for Discovery it was a pleasure to find a gem of a hotel in Kensington. Our room was a luxury room and was splendid in all its details. Details of note were the bedding - custom fitted Beaudesert mattresses and high end quality duvet's. I defy anyone not to fall into deep slumber. One small criticism would be the draft on the right hand side coming from the massive double sache windows. Continental breakfast served in room could be a little more varied and probably needs some tweeking in order to equate with the standing and prestige of the establishment. Other than that - first class quality and commendable service. to be highly recommended.,Date of stay: December 2014,5.0
599,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or595-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely boutique hotel that's also good value,"A really nice boutique hotel that is good value. Room was great - not as cramped as many London hotels.   The staff were really helpful, ensuring we had a good stay  The hotel doesn't have a restaurant, but there are many options within a couple of minutes walk of the hotel's front door. We stayed on a Saturday night, and several of the restaurants were fully booked, so a pro tip would be to book your restaurant early!",Date of stay: November 2014,5.0
600,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or600-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Mission accomplished !,"Indeed, a good hotel in a good and nice neighborhood. I use to look for places to stay in the South Kensington / Chelsea area when in London, but never checked this hotel.  Wise move! Friendly staff, good cafes and restaurants around and when returning to your room...a free drink and a quite sleep. I'll be back!",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
601,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or600-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great little hotel,"My wife and I stayed here a few times before, and this little hotel feels like home. We have stayed in several rooms and currently staying on the lower ground floor where we actually have a small little garden. The service is incredible the stuff a super friendly and you are walk away from some of the coolest restaurants in London. One of the small problems is the Internet which I hear that they are going to be fixing very soon. I seriously recommend this hotel to anybody looking for a good price and incredibly good value.",Date of stay: November 2014,4.0
602,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or600-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Consistently Very Good,"We have stayed at the Cranley for many years now, and each time our stay is very pleasant and the quality of the hotel is very consistent.  Even the smaller rooms have sufficient space, comfy beds, and reasonable bathrooms.  The rooms with canopy beds are large, beautifully furnished and worth a special treat.  The in-room breakfasts are always on time and hot.  The staff are very helpful and friendly.  It truly is a gem in West London, located a couple of blocks from the Gloucester Road tube station.  Waitrose and several restaurants and pubs in the area.",Date of stay: October 2014,4.0
603,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or600-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",nice hotel,"quiet, quaint , friendly hotel. Cant really say anymore about it.  I really just slept there... i didnt spend much time in the hotel itself , but if I had to, it was well maintained and offered complimentary wine and champagne every night. staff seemed friendly and happy to help.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
604,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or600-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great base to explore exclusive part of London. Not cheap but well appointed.,"Enjoyed a weekend break in this lovely hotel just off Old Brompton Road. Great access to cafes, bars and a wide range of eating places. Tube a 5 minute walk, 20 minutes from the City. Pleasant welcome, lovely room with a bed big enough to have its own postcode but  would be improved by tea and coffee making facility. Didn't eat here as there's no restaurant but loads of places to walk to nearby.",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
605,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or605-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",TWO NIGHT STAY IN SUPERIOR ROOM,This hotel exceeded our expectations. It is beautiful with a very warm welcome. Excellent breakfast but do not serve dinners although plenty of excellent restaurants close by in Old Brompton Road. Lovely bedroom with a very large comfortable bed.,Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
606,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or605-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not bad overall,"Upsides:  - Excellent location in South Kensington - Pretty interiors and well maintained - Staff are friendly and helpful  Downsides: - Rooms are a bit small for couples - The breakfast that's included is literally just toast and coffee (I've learned that this is the definition of a 'Continental Breakfast' so I guess must be pretty standard)  Suggestions: - Stay here for the beautiful suburban neighbourhood and to be close to the nightlife and walking distance of many restaurants - Avoid the breakfast inclusion, if possible, and get food from the many choices you have nearby",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
607,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or605-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cozy budget place.,"This small boutique hotel offers to you the perfect combination of price,service and location.  It feels like you are at home when the housemaid bring to you a breakfast with delicious freshly baked croissants and coffee.  Just 5 minutes from underground and 15 minutes walk from the famous Harrods.  Stay with pleasure. ",Date of stay: September 2014,4.0
608,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or605-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Just ok, but could be very good","Took my wife for a night at the theatre in London and wanted to stay in a small residential hotel and the Cranley looked the ideal place. I originally booked through secret escapes, but travel zoo had a much better deal so when I phoned the Cranley they upgraded to the same deal with no questions asked. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from Grosvener Square tube station and was easy to find. From the front the hotel looks fantastic with a small patio area at the front and the reception area just inside the front doors. Checking in was easy but we ended going the wrong way as we weren't told how to get to our room. The room 204 was a superior room, it wasn't big so a standard can't be big at all, the bathroom was tiny. The room does need a lick of paint as does a lot of the hotel. …",Date of stay: September 2014,3.0
609,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or605-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, great location, but mixed service","We stayed at the end of August on a wowcher deal. We received a very warm welcome, and the reception staff on duty could not have been more helpful or friendly. We had room 106 which felt luxurious and had a nice view onto the street. The others in the party had room 502 which was on the lower ground floor and was huge, but lacking the view and had creaky floorboards near the bathroom. As part of our deal we had a complimentary cream tea which was excellent. Freshly baked scone warm from the oven. Yum! Reception arranged a taxi for us and we went out for dinner elsewhere, returning for our complimentary glass of champagne later. We were supposed to have had this at a preset time earlier, but the staff were flexible enough to allow us to have it when it suited us. The main reason…",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
610,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or610-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Boutique Hotel in good location,"A most convenient location that provided all that is needed for a simple stay, near to the tube station, quaint bars / restaurants. An enjoyable four night stay in a pleasant room. Most helpful and courteous staff, a particular mention to the Manager/Owner who went over and above to accommodate us when we had a minor maintenance issue with our original room. The complementary sparkling wine and canapés was very welcoming after a long and tired sightseeing day. It would be our hotel of choice for our next London visit.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
611,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or610-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A great little find,"We stayed here on our last night of a long trip and it was perfect for what we needed. The staff were great and we were upgraded to a lovely four poster bedroom. We were offered drinks on arrival, there were cupcakes in our room and we had complimentary champagne and canapes before supper. The room was big enough and very clean. The location is great for getting to Heathrow and for South Ken and surrounds. All in all, it was great value for money in a good, quiet location.",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
612,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or610-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great location,"Very near Underground and some nice restaurants/pubs.  While it was clean, it certainly needs updating (torn upholstery on the only chair; badly stained carpeting; torn wall paper.  But the room was so tiny we didn't want to spend any time there other than dressing and sleeping.  Breakfast is not worth it; the feel in the lobby is so stuffy and unfriendly we chose to have it sent to the room, which, given the size of the room, required acrobatic skills to consume.  It's not much either - just a roll and some coffee/juice.  Staff is a bit pretentous and the woman who delivered our breakfast the last morning was downright rude.  But it is moderately priced (for London) and covenient so that makes up for the rest.",Date of stay: July 2014,4.0
613,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or610-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Ticks all the boxes...,"We stayed for one night as part of a last-minute 24-hour trip to London. The Cranley was great for us - ideal location, we had a huge room, comfortable bed, the staff were very helpful and friendly, nice bathroom and facilities. My only gripe would be that the continental breakfast is miserly for the price. Overall, it was a really nice place - a little tired in places but this was part of the charm and made the place feel very comfortable.",Date of stay: August 2014,4.0
614,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or610-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good value for your money,"I had a short stop in London and chose The Cranley Hotel because it was in South Kensington, close to the tube and the price.  The Cranley is not a huge hotel with its 39 rooms - but meets all the requirements to be a charming little boutique hotel.  I was greeted by a very friendly receptionist who quickly got me checked into. The hotel had a happy hour, which among other things you could get a glass of champagne.  The room I got was not very big (had booked the smallest room category) but it contained all the necessary facilities you can expect, it was very charming and as it faced the courtyard it was also very quiet.  The bathroom was equally small but everything was clean and tidy and there was plenty of shampoos, soaps, towels etc..  Check-out the next morning went quickly…",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
615,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or615-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",London break,"Excellent hotel , ideal situation surrounded by very good amenities breakfast very adequate add cold meat and cheese excellent . Staff very friendly and courteous Four poster room overlooking front of hotel very spacious and comfortable . Would definitely recommend the Cranley  Hotel.",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
616,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or615-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent in every way,"This boutique hotel in the heart of Kensington is very comfortable. The rooms are decorated in a style befitting the original houses and fitted with genuine antique furniture. The beds are extremely comfortable and the 4 poster room we had was very spacious. The staff are so friendly and respectful and cannot do enough for you. There is no tea or coffee making facility in the bedrooms, but room service is available 24/7 and we had a complimentary tray of tea brought up to our room immediately after we arrived.  The only down side is that we had to leave!",Date of stay: August 2014,5.0
617,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or615-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",small slice of indulgence,"A well placed, luxury hotel which delivered on service and amenities. Staff - polite, attentive & courteous. The room was small but well appointed and the complimentary canapes and champagne were a nice touch. My 2 negative comments would be:  - the included breakfast was sparse which was disappointing  - the hotel decor is in desperate need of a revamp or at least a visit with a paintbrush and a carpet cleaner. This really let the hotel down. Otherwise, The Cranley is a small slice of indulgence in Kensington.",Date of stay: June 2014,4.0
618,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or615-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel,I stayed with my friends last summer at Cranley and we had  a great time there.The location was very convenient and the stuff were very helpful and nice. The room also was veru big and clean. I definitely recommend to stay at Cranley!!!!,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
619,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or615-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Such a gem,"We stayed at The Cranley for 3 days of our 7-day trip to London, and I wish we had stayed at The Cranley the whole stay.  Nothing else quite compared after it.  Upon arrival, we were greeted by a very friendly staff and led to our room.  We stayed in a beautiful, sunny four-poster room (#107, highly recommend) that was absolutely perfect.  The staff was very helpful in arranging a babysitter for us for our toddler, so that we could go out one night.   I look forward to staying at The Cranley again.",Date of stay: July 2014,5.0
620,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or620-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, lovely hotel","We like to stay at the Cranley Hotel when visiting London.  The location is excellent.  Within walking distance of Kensington Gardens, High St Ken and the restaurants of South Ken.  The rooms are small but very comfortable.  The check in staff are friendly and efficient and the lounge is a nice place to enjoy tea or an evening cocktail.   The standard rates are expensive, but it is good value when you can book under one of their promotions. My only complaint is the multiple sheets of paper required for internet access, each device requires a separate code, not sure why they feel this is necessary.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
621,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or620-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Friendly staff, great location",One night stay was wonderful. Room was very small but big window and high ceilings made it feel fine. No coffee/tea in room but lots of booze! Great location. Comfy bed with premium bed linen.  Would stay again. ,Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
622,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or620-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Classy and stylish,"Had a one night stay, wish it had of been longer! Great location, walking distance to tube stations, great restaurants and pubs, Albert&Victoria museum, Hyde Park.    Having read some of the negative reviews, I was pleasantly surprised. Check-in was friendly and efficient, the lobby/lounge area was gorgeous. The building is old, so of course there will be wear and tear in certain places and bathrooms will be smaller, it's to be expected! Great size room (I was on my own, but size would have been more than adequate for 2), room has mini-bar, desk and sitting chair, small but adequate bathroom (shower with bath), good shower pressure and hot water (although I overheard another guest complaining about lack of hot water).   No issues with wifi in room (including ability to skype). …",Date of stay: June 2014,5.0
623,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or620-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect London Location,"Our family stayed at the Cranley Hotel for a week last summer.  It is a lovely hotel in a charming, safe neighborhood.  There are several neighborhood restaurants nearby and it is close to several Tube stations.  We had two rooms and had requested them to be close to each other because we didn't want our children to be too far away.  I had called the week prior to confirm and was told it would not be a problem.  Unfortunately when we arrived we were place on different floors.  The lady at the front desk told us if we had called the morning of our check-in they would have been able to arrange the rooms better.  Other than that, the staff was pleasant, the rooms were nicely decorated and clean.  We were on the top floor and it was a little warm in the evening but cooled down…",Date of stay: July 2013,4.0
624,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or620-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Overpriced, missing a lot","Location is accessible to bus and tube stations. Nicely decorated lobby. Friendly staff. Room is small, bathroom is very compact to the point of suffocation. Carpet is dirty, furniture is old, bed is uncomfortable, noise is disturbing, wi fi is horrible!",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
625,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or625-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice and helpful staff,"We stayed here one night after the hotel we had originally booked had plumbing problems and they transferred us to this hotel.  There is a small, comfortable lobby and sitting room with a very warm and friendly staff.  They lead us to a room on the same floor, just to one side of the lobby.  It was through a double set of doors so noise was not a problem.  Unfortunately, the window overlooked an ugly brick wall and storage area.  The carpet in the lobby as well as our room was quite worn and dirty and there was a large rip in the carpet in our room.  Also, the room was extremely small, with no real storage space for suitcases.  We put them in front of the closet door.  However, it did impede the opening of the room door a bit.  There was just nowhere else to put them.  The…",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
626,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or625-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Centrally Located in Kensington,"We ended up in this hotel after our original booked hotel had plumbing problems. We were transferred via cab to this location on the opposite side of Hyde Park.  The room (608) on the main floor was very small with hardly enough room for our two suitcases.  The staff were extremely pleasant, professional, and willing to provide any accommodations which were reasonable.  Upon on arrival they provided coffee and later in the evening champagne and canapes were offered in our room or in the classically decorated sitting room.  The location is about a 10 minute walk from the Kensington tube station.There is sufficient desktop space and a small closet.  We were surprised to discover that the carpet in our room was stained/spotted and torn as was the carpet in the public sitting room. …",Date of stay: June 2014,3.0
627,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or625-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Highly Recomendable,"The rooms where very comfortably finished, in fact I would go as far as to stay the bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Situated very centrally, the Cranley is excellent for a London weekend I would not hesitate to reccommend it.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
628,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or625-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Gorgeous quiet hotel in great location,"Booked this hotel for one night via Mr & Mrs Smith as an anniversary treat away from the kids! A fabulous location just 5-10 mins walk from south ken tube and round the Corner from loads of tourist attractions eg museums, Kensington gardens etc. We received with a lovely welcome from the kind courteous staff who couldn't do enough for us. The hotel is very homely and beautifully decorated in a very traditional style. Our room (101) was stunning! Four poster bed which was very comfy (although disappointed with the pillows) and nice clean, if small, bathroom. We were very pleasantly surprised with how quiet it was even though we had the windows open all night as it was a mini heat wave weekend! Nice touches such as complimentary champagne and canapés between 7-8pm that we had in…",Date of stay: May 2014,5.0
629,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or625-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Comfort extremes offset by service uncertainty,"Thia hotel is very well located and has some very comfortable rooms. On arrival it promises a great stay but this promise is unfulfilled by the inability of staff to emulate ""Fawlty Towers"". In addition, we found all the services provided to be expensive to a level not reasonably justifiable or supplied in a manner that was inappropriate",Date of stay: May 2014,3.0
630,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or630-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice place,"I went there for business and spent one night. The room was a little bit small, but the hotel is extremely cosy and comfortable. Great location, in a nice and residential district, very quiet, i highly recommend it.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
631,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or630-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely,The perfect tucked away traditional Kensington hotel. Only the breakfast was disapointing. Loved it. The staff were great and courteous. Very understated and elegant. Well worth it. Our room was clean and very comfortable.,Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
632,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or630-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Hideaway in South Kensington,"Want to feel like a local in London?  Stay at the Cranley Hotel which is just minutes from the Gloucester Road tube stop.  Easy access within a great neighborhood surrounded by wonderful shopping and museums and historical sites.  The hotel was refreshing and very upscale without being pompous or elite.  Our room was very comfortable and large with great decor and a really comfortable bed with pillow options. The staff was exceedingly helpful and friendly 24/7. I would stay here again the next time I am in London.  The wifi was great to have included- some parts of the day it was harder to get on as many other guests may have been using the bandwidth.  However, this was fixed easily by going to another one of their many networks provided.",Date of stay: April 2014,5.0
633,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or630-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",most enjoyable,"This is a low key boutique hotel. We received very good service. The personnel is helpful and well disposed. We stayed for 5 nights in a four poster room, which was very spacious and had a lot of wardrobe space. The bathroom was equally nice and the shower excellent. The room is nicely decorated although it doesn't look ""fresh"". We had a room on the same floor as the reception overlooking to the street, but it was very quiet. The location of the hotel is excellent too.  My only ""but"" has to do with the way breakfast is served. You can order it to your room or have it in the lobby, but there is no restaurant or breakfast room, nor the possibility of a buffet. Having said that, we got all the things we asked for, and the service was always good and pleasant.",Date of stay: March 2014,4.0
634,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or630-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Skip this one and look elsewhere,"We have stayed at the Cranley 3 times -- twice on our most recent trip to Europe.  While we initially liked the four-poster room, our recent experiences were less than ideal.  The hotel's wifi is barely operational - don't expect to get online or check email.  The bed was horrific; in reality it was two beds pushed together with a hard seam in the middle that we dubbed the valley.  The overhead lights worked from time to time although it took a deft touch on the switch.  The safe did not work at all.    Lastly, we booked one night more than we stayed and despite having stayed a total of 8-9 nights over two trips within a two week period, they refused to refund the one night.  We will be back in london within the next several months and they could not understand how it would…",Date of stay: March 2014,2.0
635,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or635-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",3rd time is the charm,This has now been my 3rd visit to The Cranley and the hotel has not disappointed. It has gotten better for me. Service wise I have noticed a great improvement. The staff are friendlier and extremely helpful and welcoming. Well done to notching up the service. I repeat myself again by stating this is a perfectly situated hotel for me. The tube is 5 minutes away and very central to get to everywhere you may want to go. The beds are still heavenly to sleep in. I didn't have breakfast at the hotel this time as I ate at the cafes that are around the corner from the hotel. And I didn't find the room temperature hot or stifling. It was nice and quiet and had a peaceful sleep the 2 days i was there.,Date of stay: March 2014,5.0
636,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or635-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel!,We stayed at this hotel in December 2013. It was everything I wanted in a typical English Hotel. Even though the rooms are not huge they were decorated beautifully. Bed was very comfy!! We didn't want to stay in a hotel that you could get anywhere we wanted to stay somewhere that was very English and I believe the Cranley achieved this. This hotel is only 5 mins walk to Gloucester Station. There are so many typical english pubs and eating places here as well. The tube being so close made it very easy to get around. Highly suggest their oyster cards for transport. We had a continential breakfast every morning (which was more than adequate) as this was all we wanted due to the fact we wanted to get out and about to experience London. The staff were friendly and helpful at all…,Date of stay: December 2013,5.0
637,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or635-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Exceeded expectations,"I stayed here for one night before sitting a language exam in South Ken. I booked the hotel as a result of the good Trip Advisor reviews and I was not disappointed. The hotel was better than I expected and the room was gorgeous. I only wish I'd been staying for longer. If I am in the area again for exams or for museum visits, cultural events etc I will look to staying here again. I had a winter offer which included breakfast which made it an acceptable price for me travelling alone.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
638,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or635-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful establishment,"I had a brief one night stay at this hotel while attending a conference very close by.  Unfortunately, I could not enjoy all the wonderful facilities that the hotel had to offer.  The welcome was very warm and friendly, all staff were very attentive. Only downside was a rather meagre breakfast, but perhaps I did not order all that I could have.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
639,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or635-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Boutique,"We loved the Cranley. Our room was vast and very comfortable, and the location cannot be beat. Everyone at the Hotel was warm and welcoming and had excellent suggestions for local restaurants - there are a number of great spots just minutes away, including one of the best tapas restaurants in london. The evening drinks hour is a welcome moment of respite and civilization, particularly after a long day touring the wonders of london.  Great hotel!",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
640,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or640-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Delighted,"We were delighted with our room at the Cranley Hotel.  Excellent value for money, considering location, etc (especially as we had an upgrade to room 201, a 4-poster room!).  The Reception/lounge area was really attractive and each time we went to Reception we were immediately given totally professional attention.  Reception was well staffed at all times.  Our room was street-side and was completely quiet.  A light breakfast was provided in our room as they have no dining room.  Not ideal but a happy compromise and we definitely wish to stay there again on future trips to London.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
641,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or640-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, service, and value","We just completed a three night stay at the Cranley Hotel. We were very surprised by the excellent service, quality, and location of the hotel. The price was extremely reasonable in reference to the prices of others in London, and I would recommend this hotel to anyone thinking of making a trip to London.",Date of stay: February 2014,5.0
642,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or640-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good Hotel and Location,"We recently stayed 4 nights.   - 2 minute walk from Gloucester Road tube station. You can get the Piccadilly line from Heathrow. Takes about 40 minutes so probably quicker than Heathrow express and cheaper. - The location is excellent. Good pubs, restaurants, tube etc are all close by. - Staff are friendly and helpful. - The bed was soft which I don't like but my wife likes. - Room was lovely and my wife likes the styling. - Room was warm. - Food is pub quality so best to eat out. - Breakfast is expensive and not that good so we ate breakfast at the Diner on the way to the tube station. - No tea making facilities in the room. We returned one day and asked if we would like a cup of tea. My wife accepted and I think it was £3.30 for a cup of tea delivered to our room.  - No dining…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
643,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or640-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I could not fault this hotel,"I stayed here on my birthday with my mum in a superior double room, on arrival we were offered tea and coffee, our room was ready and the tea was brought to our room. Room was a standard size for London hotels with a wardrobe built in, dressing gown, safe, mini bar, draws and writing desk. Television, room didnt have much of a view but this didnt bother us. Bathroom was small, but aqequate for one night. Penhaligons for soaps in the bathroom, very comfy bed. Breakfast was included which was toast or equivalent, hot and cold drink, you could then add extras for a further suppliment. This was brought to our room in the morning also a paper was put on the door. You could eat in the lobby but it we prefered our room. The decor was elegant with a antique peroid mix, if this is your…",Date of stay: February 2014,4.0
644,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or640-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Sublime,"We were visiting London to meet our son for a Birthday lunch together and simply wanted somewhere pleasant to stay the night before.  This delightful boutique exceeded our expectations.  Excellent location, staff were very courteous and nothing was too much trouble. We will definitely return. Good value for money with some nice complimentary extras.  A simple breakfast included - just what we needed as going out for lunch - but more substantial options available on request.  The only complaint perhaps would be the extreme heat in the bedrooms over night which, even after attempting to turn it down, made for a rather restless night.",Date of stay: January 2014,5.0
645,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or645-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Mixed, but pleasant","Stayed for 1 night, pre-booked via SecretEscapes as a treat for our anniversary. Our deal included breakfast, a hot beverage on arrival and bubbly with canapés between 7 and 8pm. Tea was promptly brought to our room while we settled in, which was nice. Room was very hot; had to open the window to cool it down. Tried to turn off the radiator, but didn't succeed. The double bed was 2 single beds pushed together and made up with double bed sheets. Mattress comfortable and plenty of pillows. Mini bar and snacks overpriced as can be expected from hotel rooms. It wasn't clear if the still water bottles on the night stands were complimentary, as there were identical ones in the mini bar which cost £2 each. So we decided not to touch them and drink the tap water (which was fine). Only…",Date of stay: January 2014,4.0
646,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or645-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",poor service overpriced hotel,"Stayed at the hotel for one night, prebooked with a request for veggie breakfats (cooked) - We got cold undercooked egg with sliced white bread. Having charged an extra 36quid - I expected more. The hotel claimed that they couldn't find vegetarian sausages anywhere in London.  Second gripe, I happened to notice a few days after my stay that I had been charged £25 for something... On calling them they said we must have had drinks from the mini bar. We hadn't. The hotel did refund but it shouldn't have happened. Rooms ok. Bit tired in places. Nice sheets!",Date of stay: October 2013,1.0
647,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or645-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Average at best,Pros:  Great Staff Good Location Quiet Rooms  Cons Rooms are way too hot Bedding of a very poor standard Beds are very uncomfortable Breakfast is poor  I would say the hotel is very over priced for the standard you receive .,Date of stay: December 2013,3.0
648,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or645-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasant and comfortable hotel,"We chose this hotel because of the reviews.   When we arrived we found our room to be quite small and uncomfortably warm throughout the night though it was clean, if a tad shabby in parts. The staff were merely polite, the breakfast was fine, except for the tea which could have been hotter! it was served in our room as there is no communal dining area. I do not think we would stay there again as we did not think the Cranley is worth the cost and in fact is overrated in our opinion.",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
649,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or645-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasant stay but room for improvement......,".....so can't review as very good. However, I blew 75,000 Avios airmiles on a two night stay in this hotel (enough for return flights to Singapore) so our expectations were high for a two night stay. What we found was an extremely comfortable, quietly but conveniently located privately run boutique hotel that met the majority of our expectations, but it could have been so much better. When I was asked if everything was ok on check out the reception was full and I really didn't want to hold others up in order to point out the admittedly minor issues which by no means ruined our stay but took a slight gloss off the weekend. Here they are:  Firstly there are no tea and coffee making facilities in the room which in my opinion is an essential service in this class of hotel and this…",Date of stay: November 2013,3.0
650,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or650-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great if you like it hot!,"I stayed here for two nights in October. The hotel has 39 rooms and was full when I stayed so it seems popular. The  staff are very helpful indeed. There is no restaurant although they do have a kitchen and do serve food to the room. The menu is small. Breakfast was fine.  The rooms are small but well appointed, the bathroom was similar.  The hotel is convenient for Gloucester Road tube and is in a quiet area.  I would have given the hotel 4 stars but for one major problem.  The room was unbelievably hot. I had the sash window fully open all night and still roasted.  This was not mid summer, this was mid October! I think the problem is that the air conditioning unit in the room is quite hopeless. I switched it to 18 degrees at first and then reduced it to 16 but it had minimal…",Date of stay: October 2013,3.0
651,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or650-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Hotel in need of attention but location and staff still excellent,"We returned to The Cranley for a 5 night stay in October and while we still find the location to be excellent and staff eager to please, we did notice this time around that the property is becoming tired and requires attention to maintenance issues as well as decor.  We were in an Executive room on our first stay and this time around noticed that our Classic room was quite a bit smaller, particularly the bathroom which felt cramped. All was fine though until we experienced issues with the HVAC system. Waking up in a sauna in the middle of the night was not pleasant and given the size of the hotel (39 rooms) there was no maintenance staff on hand to deal with the boiler overheating. When the clerk tried to turn on the AC to compensate for the heat, it seems that this too was not…",Date of stay: October 2013,4.0
652,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or650-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",No better value in London!,"I am convinced this is the best value for money hotel in all of London! Got a Superior Double Room on a Thursday night for £150, which is the same price Holiday Inns are going for in Hackney! The hotel is gorgeous, the staff courteous, the location is AMAZING (super swanky!), it's only 3 blocks from the tube, and our room was wonderful! Big bed, soft bedding, generally spacious and featured a stone bathroom (bathrobes included :) I'll come again and again!",Date of stay: October 2013,5.0
653,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or650-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Beware of Classic Rooms,"I have good memories of 2 past stays at the Cranley Hotel, remembering average sized rooms with nice beds. I thought those were the regular rooms. This time, I booked the least pricey option 'Room type: Double Room (Classic rooms are fully air conditioned etc etc)' as I was coming without my husband. I was given a tiny basement like room with dust on all surfaces and a radiator cover that fell on my foot. The next room was a step up from the dungeon, but just as tiny, and nearly as dusty. The distance between the edge of the comforter and a sharp edged rail guard was less than 10 inches unless the bed was made very tightly, in which case it was 12 inches (see photos). The rail guard's corner was hip high and I left with a nasty bruise on my hipbone. I was told that to have a…",Date of stay: September 2013,3.0
654,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or650-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely Stay, Great Location","Knowing that space is limited in big cities and hotel rooms tend to be small, we booked an Executive Room so we'd have a little space. This worked out very well for us, and we felt like our room - ground floor at the front of the building was quite spacious. I was initially concerned that our room would be noisy because it faced the street and the windows are not very sound-proof, so asked the staff about this and if other rooms were available. They only had smaller rooms available, but assured me it would be quiet, and they were right. It's a quite neighborhood and a short walk to a good metro station that connects into several lines.  One drawback of our room is that there was a building entrance just outside the bay window. So in the morning we would see people coming and…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
655,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or655-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great place to stay,"We stayed at The Cranley for two nights and loved it. Everything was great since we arrived. The friendly staff makes you feel like at home. Although it has no restaurant, is great to have breakfast at the Lobby/living room. Location is great close to underground station but in a very quiet neighborhood. Is also very nice the complimentary champagne and canapes in the evening.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
656,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or655-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly and calm,I spent 3 nights with my mother. The staff was professional and friendly. Calm and beautiful surroundings. Clean rooms. Sober interior design. Lovely and generous cocktail six o'clock!  But why always those tea bags in this tea drinking country?,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
657,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or655-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Doesn't meet expectations,"Small hotel member of slh. We got a room on the top floor, very small. It was August, the air conditioning was broken and we had a rented fan, it was so noisy that we couldn't hear the TV. They shouldn't offer this room. We are still waiting for an email or an apology, we paid the full amount.",Date of stay: August 2013,1.0
658,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or655-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",nice hotel centrally located,"The room we had (502), although a ground floor suite (no view) was very nicely appointed.  The bed was very comfortable.  The bathroom large and accommodating with two sinks.  We had an issue with the air conditioning, which seemed to shut off once per day, and two lights in the bathroom were out, despite repeated requests to repair them.  All in all, the room was very nice and the staff had an excellent service attitude.  The lobby was well appointed, and they have 24hr room service.  Breakfast available in your room.  We would stay there again.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
659,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or655-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful, small hotel","My husband and I enjoyed 3 nights at the Cranley.  Our room was quite small, but very nice.  The hotel staff was friendly and helpful.  The location was quite good for sight seeing and access to the Underground.  We did not eat breakfast at the hotel, as it was not included in our room rate.  The one thing we found a bit off-putting was the very stained carpet in the reception room.  This was the very first thing we saw and made us a little apprehensive to see our room.  I am happy to say our room was fine, but the carpet in the public area needs to be replaced immediately.  For this reason, I cannot give the hotel a higher rating.",Date of stay: September 2013,4.0
660,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or660-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Exceptional,"I'm in London frequently and this is definately one of the nicest small hotels I've stayed at.  There is a lovely faded elegance about it and the attention to detail in the room was fantastic, right down to the Penhaligan toiletries in little apothecary bottles. It was like stepping back in time when customers were really valued, the staff were quickly on hand to cover me with an umbrella and take my bags. It doesn't have a resturant but they will bring breakfast to the room and there are lots of places near by. I'm only sorry that i didn't get to spend more time there, and I really hope to go back as they made me feel very special indeed.",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
661,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or660-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","""Small friendly comfortable hotel in a great location""","Very happy to recommend this small friendly hotel which I will definately consider on my next visit to London. It is in a great location for Knightsbridge/Kensington shopping and museums and within easy walking distance of the Underground. Friendly reception staff and a comfortable clean room and it is also very competitvely priced for this type of hotel and area. It is a little bit tired in places and could do with some reupholstery of the furnishings in the room including the carpets. Also the continental breakfast included in the price that was served in the room was presented beautifully but consisted of only tea/coffee, bread or croissant and a fruitjuice. I think it woud be nice to add some fruit/youghur or ham/salami etc to the tray. You can order extras, English…",Date of stay: September 2013,5.0
662,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or660-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Charming Hotel, which I would have loved to give higher score but there are a few issues","The Cranley is a charming hotel, ideally situated for visiting London, within easy walking distance to the London Museums, Royal Albert Hall and the shopping districts of Knightsbridge, Sloane Square and South Kensington.  It is a delightful townhouse hotel and not one of your faceless chains, however there are a few basic issues that could easily be addressed and I am not certain why they have not been. We were situated on the first floor at the back of the hotel,  in a very nice quiet room that was well decorated, albeit on the small size (if you were travelling with a lot of suitcases I am not sure where you would have stored them) However it was let down by the ripped fabric on the arm of the chair, the tears in the bed valance on the foot of the bed (which could easily been…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
663,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or660-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wedding Group,We booked a number of rooms for family and friends attending my sons wedding. From the minute we arrived up to us departing the staff were excellent nothing was too much trouble.  The standard of the rooms was excellent. The hotel does not have a restaurant however there are numerous bars and restaurants close by to suit most tastes. I would certainly book here again without hesitation.,Date of stay: August 2013,5.0
664,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or660-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Classic Kensington Townhouse,"We booked this boutique hotel through Mr and Mrs Smith for one night. On arrival we were informed that we had been upgraded to the Penthouse Suite (we booked a superior room). The suite is located on the fourth floor (accessed via a staircase on the third floor). Rooms are classically decorated and have a comfortable feel. The beds were made with quality bedlinen and duvet. Although the hotel has no restaurant (the only real negative of the stay), we were offered the option of breakfast in our room or in the communal area at the front of the hotel. Penhaligon's toiletries are a suitable choice for the hotel due to the history of the building ownership. The location is ideal for visiting the many museums of South Kensington, and within walking distance of the tube. Front of house…",Date of stay: August 2013,4.0
665,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or665-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Ordinary,"We stayed at Cranley on our family vacation and had the most ordinary of experiences. Our room which was in the basement, was cramped and badly lit. The airconditioner refused to function, so they put up a portable unit in the small room with a hose needing to be dangled outside of the window! There was no restaurant so breakfast was in the room and the three of us had to take turns at the table in the room. Ofcourse i blame our travel company, Cox and Kings to have booked us in this hotel informing us that it was a 4 star hotel, while clearly this place lacked amenities to qualify as one. I must admit, though, that the staff were fabulous and tried to help as much as possible. But our overall experience prompted us to cancel the second leg of our stay on our return from…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
666,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or665-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Quiet and relaxing hotel,"I loved this hotel! The decor is very chic, the neighborhood is quiet, yet close to tube stations and crowded roads. The staff is extremely friendly, they were really helpful and made my stay exceptional. The rooms are very well designed and the beds comfortable. I truly liked my stay at the Cranley and would certainly recommend it.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
667,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or665-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful Hotel, Wonderful Recollections","I travel quite a bit and I have to say this hotel was one of my best experiences. The ambience, location and professional but friendly staff are exceptional.  I will definitely return to this boutique gem.  While my dealings with everyone at the Cranley were excellent I would be remiss if I did not give a special mention of Alex and Tiffany who  well represent the Cranley. I just apologize for taking so long (I stayed the first week of May) to post my wonderful recollections of the place.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
668,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or665-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous!,"We stayed here for our wedding anniversary and were just delighted with the hotel. We had booked a superior room via the Mr & Mrs Smith website and were thrilled to be upgraded to the penthouse.  We had wonderful facilities and it was spotless. The staff could not have been more helpful. We did not eat there in the evening as there is no restaurant, but we did have a delicious breakfast in our room the following morning. I stay in many hotels for work and was so pleased that this felt like a real treat rather than 'yet another hotel room'. We would definitely return to The Cranley. Thank you for a fantastic stay.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
669,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or665-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming boutique hotel,"A wonderful alternative to the chains in a quiet part of South Kensington.  Exquisite decor in a classic English townhouse hotel.  Excellent staff - welcoming, helpful, and non-stuffy.  Leisurely breakfasts on the front terrace - memorable scrambled eggs and smoked salmon!",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
670,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or670-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing service and very attentive staff,"Since the moment that you arrive to the hotel the service of the staff and the politeness that you can arrive honestly make you feel like you are in a 5 start luxury hotel.  The staff at all the levels is very attentive and friendly at the same time that very servicial, the Rooms are decorated in a classic style that make you feel like you are the owner of the house and that is your master bedroom.  Credit of a an excellent customer focus for this place.  We will come back on the future for sure.",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
671,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or670-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Exactly what we hoped,"London was the end of a three-week trip for us. We had been before, and knew hotel rooms in London were smallish. We wanted a king-sized bed but not an American hotel. We found the Cranley and thought we'd take a chance. It was all that we'd hoped for when we booked it. When we arrived, we were met at the curb by a the clerk who carried our bags up the steps and inside (they were not light!) for us. We noticed some stains on the entry carpet and thought uh-oh. But when we finished checking in and went upstairs to our room we were very pleased. We had a very spacious room on the first floor, overlooking the front of the hotel. The furnishings were antique, the bed was a king, the bathroom was huge, and there was a portable air-conditioner unit in the room. Since we knew most…",Date of stay: July 2013,5.0
672,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or670-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Disappointing,"The pictures and the reality are quite different.  A charming lobby, but rooms are very tired and in great need of refurbishing.  We expected the room to be cozy and it was, but the armchair was threadbare, the carpet needed replaced, the bed skirt was in shreds, the sheet had a whole in it and the paint around the window was peeling.  The room service was good and the staff very friendly.  However, staff was not knowledgeable about theater and restaurants.  Staying on the internet proved challenging and complicated.  The neighborhood is nice and convenient to the Tube.  One good thing-I asked the desk to get a taxi to Heathrow and they arranged for a driving service, which turned out to be quite reasonable and more pleasant than had we taken a taxi.",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
673,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or670-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I have to tell the truth,"I am a person who pays attention to detail and I was really looking forward to my stay at the Cranley. I thought it was to be the best of the places I was visiting and it turned out to be the worse. I will start with the check in. I was surprised that the front desk worker, though he seemed pleasant enough did not offer to help us with our bags. When I saw that no help was forthcoming I just told my daughter we can do it but it would have been a nice gesture and welcome to our home away from home to get some assistance as we are tired off the road/airport. We were upgraded and apologies were made for that. That seemed odd to me why we were being apologized for an upgrade. Just the same I was gracious and thanked them for it. We were in the 4 poster room. The room was small for…",Date of stay: July 2013,1.0
674,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or670-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",What a disappointment,"Stayed here yesterday and it was a complete disappointment.  It looked very nice in the pictures and is a lovely building, although a bit steep at £250 for the night for a hotel which is far from 5 star.  When we arrived, we were greeted very nicely and offered coffee in addition to a lovely mango passion fruit drink that was freely available.  As we were showed to our room, we were told casually that we'd been upgraded to a four-poster room.  Now call me cynical but this always starts alarm bells ringing for me.  Usual a casual upgrade like this means there's no-one else in the hotel or there's a problem. Sure enough, when we got to the room there was a portable a/c unit plugged in as the main a/c wasn't working.  No w this isn't something that would normally bother me too…",Date of stay: July 2013,2.0
675,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or675-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great location and average accomodations,"I read all the posts before booking this hotel and was hoping for an above average hotel experience. Compared to everywhere else we stayed while in Great Britain, this hotel was very average. We booked a four-poster bed room, and it was a bit cramp. We didn't have an opportunity to enjoy champagne hour, but there was nothing waiting for us in our room when we returned and we certainly didn't receive any upgrades when we were there. We only ordered room service once and the food was very average, and not recommended when there are wonderful dining choices in the area. We also experienced a problem with the air conditioner, and the room became quiet hot. Although we called to get it fixed, they came to inspect it and said they'd be back to fix it, but they never came. For the…",Date of stay: June 2013,3.0
676,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or675-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Just Lovely,"Myself and my partner visited The Cranley for just one night last month as a birthday treat, and we absolutely were not disappointed. The area for a start is gorgeous and really shows you a slice of high-end London life! We were greeted with a warm welcome and, on a baking hot day, it was so nice to have our bags carried and complimentary refreshments awaiting. They had given us a free upgrade to a junior suite which was great-large room, lovely bathroom and the sweetest little patio just for us to enjoy the sunshine in.  When we returned from a day out (unfortunately missing champagne and canope hour!), there was a bottle of gorgeous red wine and cake waiting to celebrate my birthday. In the morning, I ordered room service of coffee which was complimentary, which came really…",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
677,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or675-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, great service","This was my third stay at Cranley Hotel. The location if great for attractions in the neighborhood, such as the Museum of Natural History and the Royal Albert Hall, but also for being on the Piccadilly Line which gets to to and from both the center of London and Heathrow Airport. The rooms are on the small side, but clean and the staff is friendly and helpful.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
678,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or675-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very helpful and pleasant,My friend and I recently staying at the Cranley. The staff couldn't have been more helpful from check in to check out. We had some serious issues with concert tickets and the staff went above and beyond to assist us. They offered suggestions and were very helpful with directions. The location is a short walk to Gloucester tube Station or a further walk S. Kensington station. There are plenty of eateries and pubs along the way. A grateful thanks to all the staff. I would stay here,Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
679,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or675-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Good hotel, well located in neighbourhood London","We chose the Hotel because it is within walking distance of the Royal Albert Hall.  Good hotel, well located, good service.  We had the junior suite with an extra room and a private patio but it is in the basement and does not get much light.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
680,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or680-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in superb location,"I stayed here last night with 8 colleagues and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. It is located on a quiet street but is within walking distance of the many shops, restaurants and bars of South Kensington and Chelsea. Upon arrival, we were greeted by Anna who was extremely welcoming, friendly and professional. We were attending the Aegon Championship and, despite our early arrival well before check-in time, Anna provided us with 2 rooms to freshen up in before we left for the tennis. We were also offered tea and coffee. The rooms are of varying sizes and are stylish, spotless and comfortable with everything you'd expect from a quality establishment other than tea/coffee making facilities. Before heading out for dinner, we were offered champagne and canapés which were served in the…",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
681,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or680-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Book the rooms with Four Poster Beds,"What I liked most about this luxury BNB are the rooms. Very spacious!  Second and third would be the amenities (Penhaligon's) and the breakfast! Breakfast was always served promptly in the room. However, there is only one staff running the whole place during the mornings and the queue can be long. If there is another person, she is probably just a trainee as she always had to check with the receptionist and couldn't really answer questions. To cater to all the guests, there should be more knowledgeable people in the reception and not just one. Some guest requests can take a long time and if you just need a quick question, you end up waiting. We had a lovely experience with the staff but do admit they need to step up.",Date of stay: June 2013,4.0
682,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or680-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great location,great hotel","Just back from a two night stay , lovely boutique hotel, the staff were so friendly and helpful, the room we had was gorgeous, overlooking the street outside, not noisy, except for birdsong first thing in the morning!!!!!!, but no complaint with that. Location was excellent between two tube stations, lots of restaurants and bars close by. Would recommend this hotel to anyone,,, Breakfast was great each morning, we opted to have it in our room, and it arrived promptly both mornings, the champagne and canapés were a lovely extra touch!! Thanks to all the staff for making our stay so enjoyable!!!",Date of stay: June 2013,5.0
683,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or680-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A quiet escape in Chelsea,"A quiet and comfortable hotel, although everything depends on your room.  There is a small and very public lounge where food can be served, so you are encouraged to have breakfast etc in your room or eat out, We stayed a couple of nights in a deluxe room with four poster bed and found it spacious and beautifully furnished and maintained. Management seemed to change daily so we noted some continuuity problems - staff were pleasant but the turnover meant I couldn't describe the place as ""friendly"" .  Best thing about the place was the quiet.  The price probably reflects more the location rather than the standard of provision.  That said, we'd stay again.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
684,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or680-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Beautiful property, great location, run by idiots!","Booked 3 nights for a Superior Double in May and prepaid 6 months in advance.  Without being told, was put in a Standard Single ... extremely tiny!  Staff only admitted to the silent switch after considerable and very uncomfortable complaints on my part ... they had to convene a ""reservations team"" meeting before they were able to address my complaints!  The solution offered was to adjust 2 nights to Standard rate an move me for the 3rd night.  Why was this not done at check-in borders on sleezy ... it took repeated complaints and an internal meeting?  It's been 5 days since I checked out and the ""adjustment"" has still not been processed ... nor has the £90 security hold they placed on my card been released! ... yes, a security hold was required even though the account was…",Date of stay: May 2013,1.0
685,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or685-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming but not without fault.,"This is a very pleasant place to stay if you like the concept of the “boutique” hotel; that is to say, in this case, there is no proper bar, no proper lounge and no proper dining room. The rooms are individually and tastefully furnished and equipped with wonderfully comfortable beds and bedding. The staff, such as there are, are charming and efficient – one person mans a desk in the lobby and attends to all needs as receptionist, porter, concierge and barman. It is situated on a quiet street in South Ken, close to Gloucester Road tube station and a few doors up from one of the best Indian restaurants in London.  Between 7 and 8 pm there is a free “Champagne and Canapés” hour when the few comfortable chairs in the lobby (which acts as a lounge) are filled by residents sitting in…",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
686,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or685-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great, friendly hotel","I have just spent a week at The Cranley and what a pleasurable experience. Because of the long stay I booked the Junior Suite so as to give us more space and it was spacious, comfortable and well appointed. Unfortunately we couldn't make use of the lovely little courtyard as it rained most days and was cold. The staff at reception were always extremely helpful and courteous and nothing seemed too much trouble. The location is good and it's in a quiet street. The only disappointment was that there were no tea-making facilities in the room. Would definitely go back.",Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
687,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or685-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience!,"The Cranley is a beautiful hotel in a quiet residential neighborhood, convenient to restaurants, pubs, shopping and the tube. Our stay could not have been better.  The staff was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.  Our room was lovely and larger than we expected.",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
688,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or685-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Apartment at Cranley like home,"Cranley  apartment is like home to me whenever I need to be in London. It has the amenities of a hotel and yet it is furnished like a cosy apartment, but complete with full kitchen facilities, a very modern bathroom and a very contemporary looking living room. The neighborhood is great too, close to Gloucester station with some really great restaurants a stone's throw away, and yet set away from the hustle. It is perfect for both short and long stays whether for business or vacation. Wifi strength is perfect for even ""heavy duty"" emails, except for the short glitch when Virgin Mobile let down its subscribers. The hotel staff are always warm & friendly and service always impeccable. ",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
689,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or685-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Luxury In London,"We booked into the Cranley as we had found an offer on another website and it looked as though the hotel was in a good location for what we wanted to do while we were in London. We arrived very early in the morning having come off the sleeper from Glasgow but we were still met with very friendly and courteous staff, willing to help us and see if our room was ready (this was 09:30am). Although the room wasn't ready, we were offered some coffee (very much appreciated) and were able to drop our bags in for the day. The hotel took my mobile number so that they could phone when the room was ready. We were able to access the room early afternoon (still ahead of check-in) and found out that we had been given the suite at the top of the hotel. The room was fantastic - a huge amount of…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
690,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or690-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Service and location with a Plus,"The Cranley is an antiqueish boutique hotel where every room is different. The service (cleaning, room service , concierge) was personal and was outrstanding. They have an onsite ""desk"" person who will help you with your every need (room, city information, travel, directions, etc). Tiffany was awesome but all of the staff were great. It is a superb location in South Kensington and two blocks from a nice tube station. My only reason for not giving the hotel a 5 rating was the AC in our room did not work well and because we were on the top (4th) floor the room got fairly warm at times. This would have been great in winter but it we were there in May.",Date of stay: May 2013,4.0
691,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or690-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Can't beat price, neighborhood, and room","Very elegant, well-apportioned bed and breakfast in South Kensington.  Room size was adequate but the fine details (heated towel warmer, turn down service, room service) were exquisite.   The neighborhood is fantastic--you can walk by a Ferrari and a Lamborghini dealership on your way to the Tube.  Tube stations are about 7 and 12 minutes by walk.  Would absolutely stay again.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
692,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or690-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great boutique option,"I booked this boutique hotel because I was familiar with this neighbourhood of London (South Kensington / Earl's Court / Fulham Rd) and the place looked cozy and inviting. I originally was supposed to come for a short stay in July, but due to a huge mess-up by British Airways (a cancelled flight which resulted in my itinerary getting completely botched), I had to cancel my trip to London altogether. The hotel staff were extremely courteous and polite, understood my situation, and offered me a voucher for my stay, which I could use during the remaining 5 months of the year. It was a terrific offer, and I took them up on it when I needed to come to the city in November. My room was cozy and well appointed, with a large bed, good lighting, plenty of closet space, and a decent size…",Date of stay: November 2012,4.0
693,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or690-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay in London,We had a great stay at the Cranley.  it is a charming boutique hotel located in South Kensington and only 5 min walk from the tube station.  The rooms were very nice.  The service was exceptional.  I would stay here again.,Date of stay: May 2013,5.0
694,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or690-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming!,"My husband and I were just at the Cranley. We enjoyed three nights in this charming hotel. It is quite small and feels very English, which is precisely what I hoped for. The staff were courteous and very professional. The neighborhood is convenient to the Victoria and Albert Museum, as well as Kensington Gardens. For the price it was much more than we expected. This was a wonderful way to begin our vacation.",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
695,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or695-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel in South Kensington,"My daughter and I recently stayed in the Cranley Hotel.  It is a small boutique hotel located in a very upscale residential neighborhood.  It is close to the Glouster tube station and to a bus stop that services Kensington and other popular venues.  It is also close to many restaurants and there is a small market on the corner.  Our room was very well appointed, clean and bright. Although opposite the elevator, it was not problematic.  The receptionists were all excellent and there is a very homey lobby and reception area.  The only thing I would not recommend is the room service.  It was pricey and not very good, although we only had one breakfast and a dinner.  Perhaps it was our selections?  That being said, as stated before, there are very good restaurant options within…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
696,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or695-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect respite in a wonderful city,"We spent 4 nights at The Cranley in mid April.  It is a stately old residence that is showing some age but aging very gracefully.  Our rooms were not quite ready so we were given refreshments while we waited.  It has a beautiful elegance about it there and the staff were all superb.  Everyone could not have been nicer no matter the time of day or how many questions you had.  You never felt you were a bother (even when you surmised you might be just a bit).  When you came back to your room, be it late afternoon or evening there was always some small dessert waiting for you.  A continental breakfast came with our room.  They do not have a seating for breakfast so you order the night before and it it brought to your room.  A continental breakfast consisted of coffee or tea, a juice…",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
697,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or695-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"After spending 4 nights North of the centre of London, we moved to Cranley Hotel in Kensington, for 2 nights, to experience more of an ""Intown"" feel. It is located a few blocks fm 2 different Underground stations, a short stroll to neighborhood pubs and eateries, and in close proximity to the Theatre District. The rooms were very good, the service was fine, but nothing about the hotel really knocked our socks off, as we thought it was going to be a bit more hospitable. It was a bit pricey, but if we could get a better price, we would definitely consider it on future trips to London. .",Date of stay: April 2013,4.0
698,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or695-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice neighbourhood,"We stayed only one night at the Cranley, and it met expectation. The staff was friendly and attentive, and there was no problem with our booking.  Being an older building in an established location, we knew the room was liable to be on the small side, and it was. The canopied bed really filled the space, but as we were not spending much time inside, this was all right. The bathroom, too, was small- as they often are in a renovated period building. It did have the amenities we expected, and was clean and tidy.   I've stayed in many London hotels, and felt the Cranley was decent value for money.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
699,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or695-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great neighborhood, hotel needs updating","Lovely, neighborhood convenient to tubes. Our small room had a double bed, not a queen as indicated. We were on the 4th floor, the lift stopped at the third. The furniture (consisting of one chair) was very worn (it had a hole on the seat) as was the very thin carpet. No bureau, just a built in cabinet under the TV with one shelf (we were there for 5 nights). No outlet in the bathroom for a hair dryer, only for a shaver. The cold water faucet had to be turned and turned before water came out. The room was too warm at night for us to sleep comfortably and they put a portable a/c in but it worked only one night so we had trouble sleeping. The staff is nice and tries to accommodate but nothing but refurbishing will help.",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
700,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or700-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",what a shame!!,"despite a very well located place is a so pleasant district, this hotel has been very much deceptive last time I went in!!! I'm used to go to this place for business and  personal trips for years but I didn't go there till 4 years.............. and this hotel is now old fashion, not so clean (houskeeping should be a must in such premiun hotel!!!), and focus on customers in not what is was years ago!! First my email booking was not considered, a,nd I arrived with no bedroom available!! they didn't manage my email sent months before....finally, because I'm a loyal customer, they found a basic room at the graoundfloor: very basic indeed!! and not clean at all!!!  they turn off the heating in the hotel on saturday night............and it was only 16° in the room: air conditioning…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
701,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or700-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice boutique hotel in high class areas- but watch out for mistakes and added extras.,"This hotel had a lovely, classy, but homely feel as we arrived and staff were helpful showing us to our room. The entrance hall and lobby had a nice ambience and a cosy feel with an open fire.  When we got to our room however, it was not as we expected. We booked a superior room with canopy bed and requested a bathtub, but after a look around it became apparent we had been put in a lower standard attic room which was pretty shabby and with a very bog standard bathroom minus the requested bathtub. We phoned reception to explain the situation and the receptionist said it was indeed a superior room. Only when I said that on the website it states: 'superior rooms have plenty of room for 2 to walk around in and half tester canopy beds' neither of which were the case, did she send…",Date of stay: April 2013,3.0
702,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or700-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",People make the hotel,"We found the Cranley Hotel to be comfortable, clean, with a great location and lots of amenities for a small boutique hotel. What really stands out at this particular hotel are its staff, who extended themselves repeatedly and frequently throughout our stay, exceeding our expectations time and again. One even chased us for several blocks after we checked out, forgetting our camera charger - and he refused to accept a tip when he found us! Small touches like a large supply of umbrellas at the door, champagne around the fire every evening, and warmed bath towels the size of small nations made the Cranley feel more personal and luxurious than we expected. The Cranley is one of those hotels where problems are addressed instantly, and needs anticipated consistently. And the price was…",Date of stay: April 2013,5.0
703,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or700-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Location, Location, Location with Great People and Service","The Cranley is a friendly, comfortable boutique hotel in a very well located and safe residential neighborhood.  Very personable, professional and helpful staff.  Just a couple of blocks from the Gloucester tube station which provides efficient transportation to anywhere in London in minutes.  Neighborhood restaurants and coffee shops are nearby and available without much effort or travel.  And if you just don't want to go out---the room service fare at the hotel is tasty and well prepared.  Overall, a very convenient location where we spent 7 nights with comfort and total satisfaction.  ",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
704,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or700-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Messed up our booking,"We had one stay here in late March and it was very good. However the staff completely messed up and lost our second booking for April. This meant we had to find a last min. alternative. Luckily we found something but it could have been messy.   Quality hotels should not 'lose' bookings, hence the poor rating.",Date of stay: April 2013,2.0
705,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or705-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",very comfortable stay,A lovely old establishment perfect for a home away from home while in London; Knightsbridge area. prompt service. mostly accurate information re directions. vey comfortable reception are on ground floor. no restaurant but breakfast in room; a real treat.,Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
706,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or705-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great location in london,"My wife and I stayed at the Cranley in march '13. The hotel is easy to get to on the tube from the airport since it is about 3 blocks from the station on the Piccadilly line-(so no changes needed from the airport). The rooms are very tastefully decorated . The bed in our room was a queen and quite comfortable. The en-suite bathroom was small but not cramped and had excellent water pressure. The wifi was reliable (although we had a connection glitch for a couple hrs but they responded right away when it was reported and fixed it). The wifi connection was complementary but needed individual passwords for sign on for each device, but they all worked well. We didn't get around to enjoying the daily canapes and drinks, but we did ask for the continental breakfast in our room. This…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
707,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or705-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service,"I booked this hotel as a surprise for my mum's birthday, so didn't stay myself, but she had a great time. The staff couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful when I was booking, and they made a real fuss of Mum when she arrived, including upgrading her and my dad to a four poster room. Mum said the bed was huge and very comfortable, and the room was lovely. So, although I didn't stay there myself, my experience of dealing with the hotel has been excellent.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
708,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or705-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",sosa,"We have spent 5 days at this beautiful hotel and it was really amazing, the service was excellent,  the staff were very kind, helpful, rooms are very comfortable, clean and elegant. The food was great, we have enjoyed every minute during our stay at The Cranley. The Cranley is located near subway station at Gloucester road and there are many beautiful rastaurants, shops and museums nearby. We would like to recomend The Cranley an we will definitely come back.",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
709,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or705-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Classic Townhouse--Outstanding Service,"The Cranley is a beautiful classic English townhouse that has been painstakingly cared for / restored.  There are lovely details such as huge original bay windows that actually open, skeleton keys (they will hold these for you so you don't have to lug them around), high ceilings, beautiful mouldings, tile, etc and WONDERFUL modern bathrooms with the best water pressure I have ever enjoyed in a hotel (and I'm an American!) plus a heated towel rack and Penhaligon toiletries.  We did the pre-booking special which saved 20% and so were able to upgrade to a king canopy room--worth every penny.  You cannot cancel the reservation, but we simply purchased travel insurance for $100 just in case we had an issue.  I can't say enough about the bed--it was crazy comfortable and I wanted to…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
710,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or710-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous!!!,"We had a fabulous 10 day stay at The Cranley! The service was absolutely amazing!! Our room was spacious, clean, comfortable and had a lot of character. This was my 7 year olds son's first trip to London and the Cranley staff treated him like a king! The staff was incredibly helpful in every way; with dining reservations, directions and travel advice. I cannot convey how special our trip was thanks to the Cranley staff! I have never encountered such a well trained, professional and friendly hotel staff. The Cranley is a joy and we cannot wait to return!!!",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
711,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or710-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Location, comfort and great service all in one elegant package!","About a 5 minute walk from Gloucester Road Tube ( Circle, District and Piccadilly,Lines so easy from Heathrow) and near shops and restaurants but on a very quiet, lovely residential street. The hotel is beautifully decorated without being pretentious and the staff are all extremely helpful - plug adapters, printing out boarding passes, getting luggage - nothing was any trouble and they truly seemed happy to be of help. We had 2 single rooms facing the back which were extremely quiet and though small, they weren't claustrophobic thanks to high ceilings and a well chosen colour scheme. The beds were very comfortable, the rooms were a perfect temperaure and the bathrooms were small but completely functional with very nice Penhaligon toiletries. Though almost identical, the higher…",Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
712,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or710-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Superb experience in S. Kensington,Just spent 3 nights at the Cranley. What a superb experience. It is located in South Kensington which is a great area --quieter than more Central London but still very close to CL via tube or cab. Plus the area itself is a great place to stay-- wonderful shops and restaurants. It is a short walk to the V&A Museum.The hotel itself is stellar. A small boutique hotel of 39 rooms--it is charming and tasteful. The lobby has a cozy fireplace. The rooms are very tastefully appointed and of a good size by London standards. But what really sets this hotel apart from others is the staff. To a person they were exceptional. We did not feel like customers but were treated like honored guests. We have never encountered a more warm and welcoming staff in all our travels. Alex was especially…,Date of stay: March 2013,5.0
713,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or710-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel,"We stayed for 3 nights in March.  This was our second stay at this hotel and we love it.  We have stayed elsewhere in London but this is by far our favorite.  Staff was very helpful, warm and professional. The hotel is small and the attention to detail is exceptional.  Our room was very clean and cozy and the bed was very comfortable. Some of the fixtures are antique and a little quirkey which we found to be charming, but may not be for everyone.   Nice touches were complimentary bottled water and fresh baked brownies or cake delivered in the afternoon as well as champagne and canapes downstairs in the evening.",None,5.0
714,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or710-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",a charming little place in kensington,"Time in Kensington has, in some respects, stood still since the early eighties. One expects the cast of St Elmo's Fire to tumble out of the pub around the corner, and yuppies still exist here, far away from the cruel reality of most people's economy. The Cranley melts seamlessly into this world. A very charming and cosy hotel with staff that is warm and willing to please. Great value. The trimmings are not quite plush but definitely comfortable.",Date of stay: March 2013,4.0
715,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or715-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Pleasant stay, great service","We stayed for just the one night at the end of February. The rooms were cozy and clean. The location great - within walking distance to South Kensington, Chelsea and High Street Kensington. The staff were very attentive, specifically Goki who was so helpful and professional in making sure we had everything we needed.",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
716,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or715-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Definetely in top ten of Londons 1081 hotels reviewed here,Imagine all top notch aristocratic English townhouse at its best in somehow glory past. Now bring your imagination all the way to nowadays London and get it all seemingly untouched by the time. If you really into this climate and style this hotel fulfil your desires mercilessly. We just fallen with it at first sight. The deco and design is just mindblowing. Every detail is taken care of. And they got so comfy and huge as far as London is concerned rooms! And I mean it. And their service! guys not only they got this old English style and deco they got the service at its best. They don't just serve the guest they personally take care of you. Wow I never experienced anything like this before.,Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
717,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or715-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Location,"Drafted in the grandparents for the weekend to look after our children; Bomber command  and I headed to London and the Cranley hotel. We walked in off freezing cold streets into a very warm and elegant reception area where the helpful staff made us feel very welcome with complementary coffee and biscuits in front of the fire. We were allowed an early check- in to our room (11:30) which had been pre-arranged which was excellent as we had arrived on an early flight and wanted to dump our bag and freshen up.   Our room was small, and the views were not the best however it was tastefully decorated, very comfortable and contained all we needed.  This hotel definitely met our expectations; and our breakfast in bed with the Sunday papers was a real treat. The location of the Cranley is…",Date of stay: February 2013,4.0
718,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or715-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Little Hotel - Pleasant Change,Lovely little hotel with a nice room and big and comfortable bed. Freezing outside but the hotel was lovely and warm with a nice gas gas fire to sit by. Staff all very friendly and plenty of copies of the Daily Mail to read (If you like the Mail!) If you want a change from the standard type of hotel please consider this one.,Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
719,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or715-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,"Staff were very professional and friendly. Room was very clean.  I stayed for just one night but it was a pleasant experience. Excellent location, close to Gloucester Rd tube station hence very easy to get around.                     ",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
720,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or720-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A smart little hotel,"We had a great stay at this lovely hotel last weekend. Not only is the Cranley small and smart, the staff are very helpful and professional,  but the location is truly excellent. I would thoroughly recommend a stay!",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
721,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or720-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Wonderful little hotel, personable service, great location","Stayed here for one night for my birthday (nice surprise from my gorgeous wife), loved it, very professional yet friendly service, very attentive and always with a smile. Has the feel of a small independent family run hotel, and they are clearly passionate about what they do. Beautiful building on a quiet tree lined street, great location for shopping etc. We stayed in a four poster room, high ceilings, big bay windows and one of the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in. Highly recommended.",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
722,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or720-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Charming hotel, good value, quiet location","The rooms are spacious and well equipped. The hotel is in a quiet location and the hotel is small and the staff are friendly.  It represents great value for money. The beds are big and comfortable. Bathrooms are on the small side, but overall a great stay.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
723,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or720-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic on all levels!,Fabulous! Well appointed rooms with lots of thoughtful touches. Fantastic service. Excellent location - great area and in a very quiet street. Superb value.  Fabulous! Well appointed rooms with lots of thoughtful touches. Fantastic service. Excellent location - great area and in a very quiet street. Superb value.,Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
724,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or720-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful Hotel,"I'd booked a room at the Cranley as part of a Christmas gift and decided on this hotel due to the good reviews.  We stayed 1 night on the 2nd Feb 2013 and our stay was lovely. Unfortunately I was suffering from a nasty case of tonsilitus during out stay so was disappointed to not really feel up to the free champagne and canapes.  We also ended up staying in and having room service for dinner rather than venturing out to eat (again due to illness). The room service food was not brilliant but there was nothing else to be faulted.  The whole hotel felt welcoming, the staff were all lovely, warm and polite.  Complimentary water, juice and apples were much appreciated (an apple a day keeps the doctor away and all that so I was VERY pleased with the complimentary apple!!!).   Near by…",Date of stay: February 2013,5.0
725,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or725-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely find,"Stayed for one night as part of a trip to London. Nice, quiet location. Just a few tube stops from Leicester Square/Covent Garden, but without the noise  of a much more central location. Staff were really friendly. We were celebrating a special occasion and were offered a fantastic room upgrade. The free chamapgne/canapes in early evening is a lovely touch. Will be going back.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
726,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or725-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Delightful,"A lovely room in a lovely place ! Large, clean and with all we needed. The bed, so comfy, would have suited the princess even with the pea under the mattress. And what about the four o'clock sweet and the bubbles at 7 ! As for the people who run the place, all welcoming and really ready to help. Outside, all you need to treat yourself... The best place for a very relaxing stay.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
727,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or725-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Feels like a comfortable home,"We love the Cranley, it was homely friendly and oozing olde worlde charm. It is in a great area and convenient for museums and sights as well as the Gloucester Road underground station.  It is not cheap and is short on all the tickbox facilities people expect in luxury hotels but it was just great for us: the staff were so friendly and polite. Be ready to walk in and think you are in a private house!",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
728,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or725-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Overnight in London,"We took three rooms for the night for my wife and I and our four teenage children.  We had an Executive room and the children had standard double rooms.  The Executive room was a lovely large room with a kingsize bed.  It faced the street at the front but was quiet.  The standard rooms were smaller, with double beds, but to a good standard.  Bathrooms were small but well-equipped.  We thought the hotel was charming and the staff were very friendly.  The rooms had everything we needed - the beds were very comfortable and the rooms were clean and tidy.  Only a few minutes walk to Gloucester Road Tube station.  We will stay again.",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
729,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or725-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Private Visit,"We spent a short 2 days stay in the hotel whilst outside weather was relative cool. We were very happy to have chosen this place for our stay (not the first time). Reception was 'warm', the room very nicely appointed (good old England, but not run down) and staff were attentive as well as helpful. The continental breakfast was served in bed and was generous and of good quality. The hotel offers free wifi-access, unfortunately, if you are not constantly active, the access is withdrawn after 15min and one must log in anew. Our executive room (basically a 2-room suite) was on the level below the reception and the connection (both i-net and smart phone) were a bit unstable, depending on where one stayed in the room.",Date of stay: January 2013,5.0
730,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or730-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good hotel that feels like a home,"The Cranley is kind of like staying over at a friends house.  You get big skeleton keys for your room on a heavy anchor type keyring.  Each time I left the hotel I dropped the key at reception for them to keep until I came back.   There is no issue with security as they remember who you are and which key is yours.  Reception is really just an old converted living room as you enter the house with some couches and a desk at the far end where the reception staff works from.  There are 4 or 5 floors of stairs (also an elevator if you are lazy) that wind back and forth to get up to your room.  The room was a decent size for the neighborhood, and the bathroom was good with a tub/shower combo.  There was a good TV, mini bar, snacks(cost) and a medium sized desk.  The internet was a bit…",Date of stay: January 2013,4.0
731,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or730-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",What a find!,"I stayed here whilst in London with work just days before Christmas and was really pleasantly surprised by how nice the hotel was! The staff couldn't have been more helpful, the reception had a lovely feel to it - especially with the Christmas tree & decorations they had put up. We arrived late afternoon and after checking in were heading straight out to a function so assumed we'd miss the 'evening fizz & canapés' but no! The reception staff made sure we had a glass of champagne by the fire before we left - very nice touch! The bedroom was bigger than expected, very clean and tastefully decorated with everything you'd need for a short stay in London. The bathroom was also nice, and shower surprisingly powerful - often not the case in many hotels. All in all a great hotel, in a…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
732,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or730-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect location and a lovely hotel,"We spent 3 nights at the Cranley hotel and enjoyed everything there.  The room and the bathroom were quite large and well furnished. It was also very quiet. The location is fantastic: in a quiet street just a few blocks from the underground station and Old Brompton Road where you can find restaurants.  Breakfast is served in your room or in the lobby in front of the fireplace, as it is the only minor flaw of the Cranley: there is no dining room. We ordered a light diner and it was so fresh and delicious, my children asked for another soup! I would definitely come back here next time I come to London!",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
733,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or730-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A Quaint London Stay,"If you are looking for a quaint boutique hotel in London,  Cranley Hotel is the perfect destination. What I liked most about this hotel is its location and that it wasn't on a bustling main street, but rather on a quiet side street just moments away from Gloucester Station ~ providing easy tube access to get to any part of London you would like to visit. The Cranley was also good value for a last minute booking. The room was comfortable, clean and a good size. We didn't get a chance to dine in, but there are a number of great restaurants in the area ~ one of which I'll mention here as we really enjoyed it. If you are in the mood for Indian, Bombay Brasserie on Courtfield Road offered excellent food and service and a spot I would recommend. Enjoy your trip...wherever you stay!",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
734,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or730-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great service from a lovely hotel,"The Cranley Hotel, which is comprised of a couple of townhomes on a quiet street in South Kensington, was easily the best of our trip. Valeria and the rest of the staff were all top notch in making us feel at home. The rooms, though maybe cozy to some, were plenty spacious for our needs and had warmth and charm to spare. Our rate included in-room continental breakfast, which for us meant juice, french press coffee, and delicious pastries every morning. Internet access was free and very reliable, and we received evening turn-down service which is always a treat. The location is fantastic; 5 minutes from Gloucester Road station which is on the Piccadilly, Circle, and District lines (i.e. you can get everywhere including Heathrow), and is a short walk from the museums and parks in…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
735,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or735-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",You're home,"I took a few days to travel to London with my wife and mother. We have stayed at the Cranley before and without hesitation decided to stay there again. To start the rooms are of a good size, especially by European or NYC standards and I have never found a more comfortable bed anywhere.  The location is fantastic, on a quiet side street just around the corner from a good collection of restaurants and a couple of blocks from the Glouchester road underground station.  From there you can get anywhere in the city easily.  To give you an idea of the neighborhood the hotel is 3 or 4 blocks from Christies auction house and a Ferrari dealership. They don't exist without clients. There is a kitchen in the hotel that can prepare a a good assortment of meals and everything I had was very…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
736,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or735-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A guest house pretending to be a hotel,"Although very nicely presented, lovely decor I was disappointed that there was no dining area for meals. The only option was to have breakfast in your room which was chargeable... tut tut  ALL in ALL a very pleasent stay but left a nasty taste of pretentiousness, a hole in my bank balance and a hint of stuffiness.  Far better and cheaper options nearer to amenities.",Date of stay: December 2012,3.0
737,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or735-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great for business traveller,"stayed here for two nights whilst working in Hammersmith.  Great location - close to tube station - 5 mins walk, but nice a quiet, but close to some great restaurants. Staff were so friendly and could not have been more helpful.  Definatley a great find....look forward to going back.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
738,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or735-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The folks at the Cranley did not miss a beat,"The hotel is beautiful and perfectly located, but all that is second to the service. The staff at the Cranley are not only attentive, but typically are a step ahead of you. Great stay. Will do so again.",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
739,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or735-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Superb,"We have just spent a long weekend at the Cranley Hotel and I just had to write a review to share how so so wonderful this place is.  We are Mr & Smith members and value their selections highly and we have never been disappointed with their featured hotels however The Cranley far exceeded our expectations.  We are a couple with two small children and so being family friendly is essential but, as our stay was for a birthday treat for my husband, we also wanted to have some luxury too.  The Cranley ticked all the boxes.  From the moment we entered the doors of the hotel from with our luggage we were met with a warm, cosy, luxurious atmosphere with staff who were ready to attend to our every whim.We were greated by an italian lady who was highly prefessional and friendly and asked…",Date of stay: December 2012,5.0
740,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or740-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Apartment at Cranley hotel -  Simply fabulous,"Whether I  am  in London for short stay or a long one, I feel that the apartment at Cranley hotel works best for me. It's a fully furnished apartment with a luxurious bath and a fully equipped kitchen in which you can whip up a nice meal for yourself. A nice dining table at which you can enjoy your meal. And a living room for lounging around or watching tv. Not to mention a spacious work desk and so it's great for a long business stay too.  And i found it so convenient to have gloucester tube station so near and with all the main lines like piccadilly. Cranley is also a short walk from several nice restaurants where you can dine out without going a long way.  It's my third stay already, within this year.   The hotel staff are always so warm, friendly and helpful.  I can't ask…",Date of stay: November 2012,5.0
741,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or740-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely english hotel, sir","I stayed at Cranley at the end of September. Hotel looks like rich aunt's Olivia house in South Ken - it is very elegant, posh in English way and bit oldish. If you do not like it, avoid.  Interiors are great, specially colours and fabrics. You can find out lots of great decoration ideas :))) It is very well located- 5 min walk to the metro station, next to Sloane Square etc. On the calm little street.  I had a great room - it was four corners suite (or sth like that) - looked great. The bed was with baldachin, it had a lot of space, the bedroom was very clean. Bed looked splendid, was very high in English way. The matrasses were old, but I was sleeping very well. Some furnitures looked tired, but as bathroom was clean and new it was not so important to me. I just want to say…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
742,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or740-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoyable stay despite miniscule room!,"Apart from the exceptionally tiny room we enjoyed our stay here.  Lots of pleasant welcoming touches, newspapers, fresh juice and fruit in the lobby area, glass of champagne and canapes served each evening and a great location.  However there was very little closet space and the room even for one person was too small and for two very cramped.",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
743,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or740-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice Hotel,"Nice hotel in a good neighborhood, close to the Tube, pleasant staff.  Quite far from the tourist attractions if that matters to you.  Breakfast outrageously expensive.  Internet service ok. Now I'm just trying to get to 200 characters!",Date of stay: October 2012,4.0
744,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or740-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Close but Secluded,"A wonderful find via TA for a neighborhood hotel away from the big city but with easy access. It rests within a residential setting in an upper-end area of South Kensington. We enjoyed this area with lots of deli/cafes, bars and dining. Walk to tube about 4 blocks but past many places you can't avoid going into. You feel like a Londoner here. Staff was very professional and helpful. Our room was large by European standards and nicely appointed. Dine-in facilities lacking but why would you...great breakfast deli on way to the tube. No question we would return.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
745,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or745-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent service in a great location.,"Close to subway on Picadilly line so easy access to airport and city.  Cute neighborhood in the South Kensington area.  Service was excellent.  They gave us great recommendations.   Room was comfortable with nice, clean bathroom.  Would definitely stay here again.  I made the reservation based on Trip Advisor reviews and everyone was spot on!  The staff was so friendly, professional and helpful with every request.",Date of stay: October 2012,5.0
746,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or745-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Deception and Threat,"Tired of always staying in large hotels in London each month, on this last trip to London (Oct 10-13 2012) I decided to stay at a small intimate hotel that advertised apartment-size rooms on their website - The Cranley.  Upon my arrival, I was walked across the street to a separate building and taken to a basement garden apartment, which I promptly refused.  I asked for the quiet apartment on a high floor that I had requested weeks earlier when I made the reservation on The Cranley website, which was also immediately confirmed by the hotel online.  I was then walked back into the main building and asked to be seated.  After 10 minutes I was then told that they had no apartments, but they had a room in the main building that they could offer me.  Then I was taken to an incredibly…",Date of stay: October 2012,2.0
747,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or745-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",It is always a pleasure,"We have stayed at the Cranley on several prior occasions and it is always a pleasure to return.  It is a lovely small, intimate, hotel with a helpful, friendly and professional staff.  Some rooms can be a bit on the small side but the accoutrements are first rate and the location is excellent.  It is always one of my first choices when going to London.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
748,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or745-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice location, sparse rooms","The Cranley is quite nondescript from the outside, it's a bit difficult to tell it's a hotel. The lobby is a small space where the reception and the lounge are located. It's basically one large desk and this area also doubles up as the breakfast area / shop, unless you want to eat outside on the patio, which wasn't too comfortable. We took the continental breakfast, but it's basically a few pieces of toast with butter and coffee and that's it, so I'd recommend skipping it.  The double room was pretty basic and if you have stayed in a lot of London hotels, you know what to expect. It's a mixture of old and modern. The beds were quite comfy, but space was at a premium. The bathroom at least was quite spacious as you could store your toiletries under the sink. That was pretty much…",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
749,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or745-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",An oasis of calm and luxury in South Kensington,"I've stayed several times at The Cranley, and have never been disappointed. The rooms are beautifully decorated and fitted out.  The rooms are quiet, comfortable, and so restful.  They have central A/C which can be essential when London is going through one of its heat waves.  Some can be small, but that isn't unusual in London.  The service is excellent, the showers forceful and just what one wants after a long day walking around London.  It is in a very quiet residential neighborhood in South Kensington, but within easy walking distance of the Gloucester Road underground station.  And adjacent to that is a Waitrose Market and a Boots chemist, where you can easily pick up food for a picnic or any necessity you may have left behind.  The beds are among the most comfortable I've…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
750,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or750-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Across the Board!,"The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful.   The rooms were lovely and the hospitabilty stellar!  Centrally located in South Kensington, we walked or took the Underground throughout London. The V&A is a short distance as well Hyde Park and the Royal Albert Hall.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
751,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or750-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","""Perfect stay!""","We have had many pleasurable stays at the Cranley Hotel; however, this last time was a treat that you do not experience every day.  After a long trip from the USA, we arrived at the hotel early in the morning. To our surprise, we were upgraded to the Penthouse Suite. Since the room was not ready yet, the hotel offered to let us use one of their single rooms to take a shower and to take care of our 13 months old son; what a service! Afterwards, we took a short stroll through Kensington until the room was ready. When we came back to the hotel, the staff had already delivered our luggage to the room and offered us a welcome drink after taking us to the room … and what a room it is. It is on the top floor with a large balcony overlooking London. The suite has a large, separate…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
752,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or750-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The Cozy Cranley Does It Again!!,"Upon arrival at The Cranley for our 6th visit on a rainy Sunday morning in September, the sun broke through the clouds as we walked up the steps to the hotel and we realized that we were ""home"".  Greeted by Valeria and her efficient colleagues, they guided us through the week with our questions and recommendations.  The Cranley is conveniently located near the Gloucester Underground Station in the heart of Kensington with many restaurants and shops.  Our room in the front of the hotel was spacious and comfortable, albeit, a bit worn.  The curtains and furniture need to be spruced up a bit.  The continental breakfast was excellent and punctually served every morning by the courteous staff.  Cheers to the cozy Cranley for another great visit.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
753,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or750-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, but not outstanding !","Pleasant hotel, but nothing outstanding! Location is very convenient to the Gloucester Rd Tube. Fairly expensive; room was smallish for the price. Bathroom was very small - no place to put toiletries. Would be inclined to go elsewhere next time. While the staff was attentive, they could step up their speed level a bit",Date of stay: September 2012,3.0
754,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or750-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Apartment at Cranley is Chic, cool, comfortable and convenient��","This is my second stay within 6 months at the Apartment at Cranley hotel. There is only one such apartment at the hotel, and i simply love it!! Bed and bath are wonderful, not to mention a nice living room plus a fully equipped kitchen.  It is stylish yet comfortable, and the Cranley staff makes you feel right at home too. Just one street away, one has endless options for nice restaurants. The apartment at Cranley is also within easy 5 min of Gloucester station. Whether you are in london for business or pleasure, i think this  apartment suits every need. It helps too that the Apartment has reliable wifi and a good working desk. Can't ask for more.",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
755,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or755-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, but not what it used to be...","Stayed at The Cranley for 5 nights; third time there, and while it was nice, it's not what it was. The staff was pleasant and solicitous. Our room was on the lower level, and there was a strong musty smell in the hall areas. (There was also construction going on next door throughout our stay that was frustrating--lots of hammering right at our heads.) The lovely complimentary afternoon tea & scones service is no longer available, which was a big disappointment.  I was surprised that the sheets were not changed daily. I know that some hotels do this in order to conserve, but usually they notify guests of that policy up front. The neighborhood is still quiet and safe, and the hotel is in a great location near the Tube.",Date of stay: August 2012,3.0
756,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or755-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely stay at the Cranley,"Booked a one night stay through Mr and Mrs Smith, and enjoyed a £220/night rate during a busy post-Olympics London week.  The stay was perfect in every way. The hotel is in a great location, just around the corner from Gloucester Rd tube station. The area is high-end, and very safe. Check-in was a breeze... the staff immediately made us feel welcome. They remembered our names throughout the stay, and there was a hand-written note from the manager in our room.  We were upgraded to a Four Poster room, with a very comfortable and large bed on the ground floor. The room was very spacious for London, and there were 3 little cupcakes from the Hummingbird bakery awaiting us. We were offered a welcome drink and champagne/canapes in the evening -- which we missed due to a theatre date.…",Date of stay: September 2012,5.0
757,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or755-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great value in a perfect location,"The Cranley was was recommended by a friend and it turned out to be everything he said.  The place is charming, the staff attentive, and the room was spacious and clean.  Great central location makes it easy to get anywhere.  Room service is fantastic.",Date of stay: September 2012,4.0
758,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or755-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Superb Hotel in a Superb Location,"After a active and wonderful holiday throughout  the UK , our last days were in London. As we planned for our trip, we decided to stay at the Cranley. We love the Kensington area for its proximity to the tube, parks, museams, restaurants, shopping and exploration via walking. The Cranley offers a wonderful experience with its location, cleanliness and attention to memorable details. If I were to give it a rating for customer service, it would be a 15 out of 10. We have in the past stayed at other hotels within the Kensington area and without a doubt we would not hesitate to repeat our experience and stay at the Cranley as our number one choice when in London.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
759,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or755-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A wonderful charming place!,"I just came back last night (8/2012) from traveling London and Paris. While in London, we stayed at the The Cranley in South Kensington. I cannot begin to tell you how wonderful it was. It was extremely clean, very charming, in a quiet area but then three blocks from everything. It gave you such a charming feel.  The staff was amazing, they stood every time you entered the adorable lobby, to help you and assist with whatever you needed. Valeria Murri, the Duty Manager was superb and gracious at all times. It almost felt like you were in a bed and breakfast. We had three people in the room as my adult daughter was with us and it worked out perfect. They also have a little restaurant on premises and a wonderful terrace area outside in front to eat. I would absolutely recommend…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
760,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or760-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful retreat within the city,"My son and I recently stayed at The Cranley for eight nights during the Olympics.  The hotel had been referred to us by a friend who had stayed there with her husband and three children some years back.  What an unexpected treat!  From the moment we arrived until our departure, we were treated like royalty by all the capable staff members.  Valerie and Tiffany were particular standouts.  In addition to the Olympics, we did lots of site seeing and dined in nice restaurants.  The front desk was always extremely helpful with providing recommendations, reservations, and directions.  After long days, we were always happy to arrive back to the hotel and be greeted by the warm faces as well as relax in our comfortable and clean bedroom.  The neighborhood was convenient to the tube…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
761,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or760-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very Nice,"As soon as we arrived we were greeted with a lovely smile and a well received cuppa of tea! This hotel is a very nice place to stay. Very helpful staff, lovely location, 10 minute walk to the train station, 5 minute walk to the buses. Lovely part of London. We had the ground floor room, which was perfect, very quite, standard room, very clean and comfy bed. I really love the location of this hotel, surrounding cafes, Pubs etc, however not far to the centre via transport. We will be staying in this hotel again. We hope you enjoy your stay like we did! Thank you Cranley Hotel",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
762,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or760-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Flawless service,"We stayed for two nights during the Olympics and found the hotel and the staff to be fantastic,  from the welcome at check in to the evening champagne and canapes served in our beautiful rooms everything was pretty much perfect.   The only slight disappointment was breakfast, which we had in our rooms and was quite expensive for what you received, but this may be that because everything else was incredible we had high expectations.  Overall a great hotel and I look forward to returning soon",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
763,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or760-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great for Olympic visit,"This was a real unexpected pleasure (unlike previous London stays). We were upgraded to a 4poster deluxe room which was superb, full of light, space and character. The bathroom was modern and clean. All of the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The lack of breakfast/dining room worked surprisingly well with excellent room service breakfasts and other meals. There is also a useful communal sitting area. Position was excellent with several great restaurants nearby (big plus to the Spanish 'Cambio de Tercio'). My only small gripe was a fiddly wifi access system requiring repeated reentering of passwords everytime you connected.",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
764,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or760-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Home away from home!,"My husband and I have stayed at the Cranley on numerous trips to London over the last few years, both before and since having our two boys and each time we have stayed at this little gem, we have experienced nothing but the most friendly and exceptional service.   We feel our most recent stay deserves special mention though as the service we experienced was truly incredible. Always a friendly greeting, prompt and happy response to any request, willingness to bake a new batch of croissants to satisfy the cravings of a 4 year old at 8 o'clock at night (!), presents for our boys on departure, and when we had a family upset, we were shown the most wonderful care and kindness by their staff. All this over and above our beautiful, spotless room perfectly set up for our family, taking…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
765,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or765-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Better than expected,"I stayed here for business during the olympics and was upgraded to an apartment. The apartment was beautiful, and I was glad to have such an amazing space. My only hesitation with it was that it was a little too techie e.g. the outlets are hidden, you have to flip some switches to do normal things etc. I work in technology, and it was a challenge for me although not a huge deal. Keep this in mind if you're booking this for someone who isn't good with these types of things.  Also note this apartment is in a different building, so if you are traveling alone and aren't comfortable being isolated, the apartment might not be the best option. Overall, a pleasant stay.",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
766,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or765-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A nice Olympic Games,"The placement and the services are very nice.  Every things are near, the gardens, the shops and about ten  nice restaurants.  Thank you everybody and specially, Tiffany  We come back in our new visit to London",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
767,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or765-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",great hotel,"Would recomend this Hotel to anyone really great Hotel, great location and great staff. Tube station beside Hotel, street very quiet. Could not fault it Its been renovated so inside although an old building the rooms are top notch.",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
768,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or765-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing staff!,"We stayed here during the Olympics (it was one of our stops on our honeymoon).  The staff was so helpful on many different levels.  The staff helped to have a car pick us up at the airport ASAP.  They greeted us outside and immediately carried our bags in.  They helped to make sure we knew how to get to the Olympic Park safely.  Our first night there, the room was a bit warm, we called down to the front desk and they brought in a portable A/C to help us be more comfortable.  The employees at the Cranley were extremely accommodating.  They also had great suggestions about places to eat.  There is an Indian restaurant right next to the hotel... It was amazing!  The area surrounding the hotel is so safe!  We would walk around at any hour and felt completely safe.  The hotel has a…",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
769,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or765-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing,Amazing experience for my wifes birthday. The free chanpagne was the icing on the cake. Great and attentive staff. Amazing room and balcony looking out over London was breathtaking. We the treat and the food were really great. I would recommend you not to go to the Kensington Roof Gardens for dinner though. It was a total let down with uncooked food and unfriendly staff(one at least).,Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
770,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or770-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Super Hotel With Great Service,"Fab hotel, with fab service in a great location.  The staff couldn't have done more to help us with our requests. We were given complimentary tea, soft drink and even champagne.  We will certainly return. Highly recommended!",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
771,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or770-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",An Olympic Stay,"We used the Cranley whilst attending the Olympic Games. Guests from other counties had the same idea as ""Which sport are you going to today?"" was a common question.  The staff were very friendly and professional. It was a lovely old building that had been well maintained, had lots of character and was situated in a pleasant area. We could not fault our room and the air conditioning was an added bonus in the hot weather  .It did not have a dining room but room service was always available and of good quality. .",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
772,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or770-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel in a nice area,"Stayed at the hotel for one night as a get away with the girlfriend. Easily accessable from Gloucester Road tube station we were greeted with very friendly service from the staff at reception and offered complimentary tea and soft drink.  We were lead to our very well presented suite, with a nice little balcony complete with table and chairs to the rear of the hotel with views overlooking the surrounding neighbourhood (mary poppins chim-chimmeny sprang to mind up there!)  and the london eye in the distance. Rooms were clean, although the carpet had small stainings here and there this was no real issue. Bed was very comfy and the girlfriend slept very well. As a particularily light sleeper I did pick up on a strange whirring noise throughout the night which may have been the air…",Date of stay: August 2012,4.0
773,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or770-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Hidden gem of a hotel,"We booked the Cranley Hotel because of the excellent reviews and we were delighted with every aspect of this superb small hotel. Professional and caring staff, lovely bedroom which we did not want to leave, beautiful interior, great location a few minutes from tube station and those extras such as fresh coffee on arrival and canapes in the evening which demonstrate a high level of customer care. The breakfast was delicious and the pastries,etc tasted as though they had been baked fresh that morning. We stayed during the Super Saturday Olympic weekend and this hidden gem of a hotel contributed to a wonderful stay in London. Excellent value for money for this quality. If you want a boutique style hotel with a high level of customer care and comfort  then I would highly recommend…",Date of stay: August 2012,5.0
774,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or770-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great area!,"This is in a very upscale neighborhood of London. You are a short walk to gloucester road tube station and south Kensington tube station, very convenient. There are more restaurants on the way to The south Kensington station. Muriel's Kitchen at S Kensington station was our favorite during our stay. Little Waitrose and Tessco Expess is also near for quick grocery shopping.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
775,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or775-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The most caring and professional hotel experience you could wish for!,"Have stayed at the Cranley during several trips to London over the past 5 years and can only say that the care and attention provided by the staff are second to none. It is a hotel that prides itself on giving you every comfort and assistance, and always with a smile.It is the only hotel I would recommend without any hesitation to friends and family. Thank you for always making our stay in London such a wondeful experience. - John and Monique",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
776,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or775-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Love the feel of this hotel... home from home!,"You can not beat the location of this hotel, great to get around london. Cabs are easy to flag outside.  When you walk into the place it feels very warm and homely. The rooms are lovely with Four Poster beds.  The Staff are very helpful and will go out of their way to help you.  Can not wait to return in the winter and sit by the fire.",Date of stay: December 2011,4.0
777,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or775-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great experience,"Have stayed twice at the Cranley within 2 weeks.  Great experience travelling on my own, nothing was a problem for the staff.  Food was delicious, had free wifi, and their ability to organise what I required was very helpful.  Had an upgrade to gorgeous room with loads of space.  Very handy area in London to be staying.  I would recommend this Hotel for a very pleasant stay...",Date of stay: July 2012,5.0
778,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or775-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely overnight stay,"This hotel was wonderful and made our overnight stay in London perfect. Location close enough to eating spots and tube to be convenient for such a quick visit to London. Only negative comment is that for the price, I believe breakfast should be included and there also should be free wirless internet IN the room.",Date of stay: July 2012,4.0
779,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or775-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel,The Cranley Hotel is well appointed and in a nice quiet neighborhood but still close to shops and restaurants.  The staff were friendly and the accommodations were excellent.  Would definitely stay again and will recommend to others.  Make sure to order breakfast to your room!,Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
780,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or780-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very pleasant hotel in a nice area of London,"Stayed for a couple of days in June.   Very comfortable, good staff, excellent location. The hotel does not have a dining room, so breakfast etc was delivered via room service. That said there are so many great places to eat in this part of London why would you want to eat in!",Date of stay: June 2012,4.0
781,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or780-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Choice for our Most Recent Trip to London,"My husband and I stayed at the Cranley with our son at the end of May.  We are fairly frequent visitors to London.  Our stay was exactly as I had hoped.  The Cranley is a lovely, comfortable hotel with an obliging staff.  The hotel is situated in a pleasant and quiet neighborhood but there are plenty of pubs and restaurants and the Gloucester Road tube is nearby.  The clock in our room was broken, but all of our wake up calls were placed as requested.   The breakfast items were very pricey, as has been noted in other reviews. For the sake of convenience, we did have a light repast in our room on two of the mornings we were at the Cranley and the food was very good.  On the other mornings we ate more economically at one of the many restaurants nearby.  We would certainly stay at…",Date of stay: May 2012,4.0
782,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or780-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Luxury boutique hotel in the heart of South Kensington,"London offers so many lodging options to visitors that selecting the perfect accommmodation can be overwhelming.  The Cranley presentts a range of rooms that are sure to please the discerning traveller.  Situated in the heart of South Kensington, the neighborhood is an upscale residential area close to the South Kensington and Gloucester Road Tube stations. There are numerous restaurants, pubs, museums, the Royal Albert Hall all within walking distance. The hotel itself is lovely, beautifully decorated, rooms are comfortably appointed with all the amenities.  Complementary champange is served nightly, and there is a menu available for room service.  Breakfast is also available, if you choose to order it.  The staff is extremely helpful and knowledgeable, offering all kinds of…",Date of stay: June 2012,5.0
783,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or780-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cramped at the Cranley,"Spent 4 nights at posh Cranley in early June 2012. As others mentioned, area is quiet, upscale and ~5 min walk from well-provisioned Gloucester Road Underground station. My single room - #103 at the top of the stairs - was tiny with almost no floor space, no room to leave my luggage open and had no elevator access. As came to annoy me about several  London area hotels, toilets were set to extreme water-saver (ie: incomplete flush) mode. The shower, by contrast, has a temperature control and an independent volume control so once set (beware of scalding hot!) it was perfect. No complaints about staff save for missed early AM wake-up calls. plenty of umbrellas in the lobby on rainy days, apples and juices in the  lobby, morning paper, etc. If you're prepared to pay up (way up),…",Date of stay: June 2012,3.0
784,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or780-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Love, Love,Love","The staff were wonderful. Very English decor cosy and comfortable. Great location on Piccadilly line,close to Knightsbridge, great cafes and restaurants. Will come again. Finished off our holiday perfectly",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
785,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or785-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Loved the Cranley,"The Cranley was by far the best place we have stayed in London.  Quiet and gentile street yet only minutes from the tube.  The decor and atmosphere felt truly British and the service was top notch.  From hot drinks upon arrival to the complementary evening champagne service, the staff went out of their way to make our stay pleasant and comfortable.  All in all a lovely boutique hotel with an exceptional staff.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
786,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or785-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Luxurious Modern Chic,"Ask for the serviced apartment at Cranley hotel and you won't be disappointed. There is just one such special apartment, right across the road from the main hotel building. It's very tastefully furnished to modern contemporary chic, so luxurious that you even have a tv in your bathroom! All thr furnishing and fittings are practically first class! Kitchen is fully fitted too. In the neighbourhood, a hop away on old brompton rd are many nice restaurants eg Cambio de Tercio. Gloucester station is about 5 - 7 min away with all the convenient connections. I highly recommend this apartment at Cranley.",Date of stay: May 2012,5.0
787,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or785-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cranley Hotel a great choice for a stay in London,"I recently stayed three nights in this small, charming hotel in Chelsea/Kensington, and I have stayed there numerous times before.  It happens to be perfectly located for my annual business trip to London, as I can walk to Earls Court, and for any other activities it is an easy walk to the Gloucester Road tube stop on the Piccadilly line.  The front-facing rooms on the second and third floor are the nicest; the light is excellent.  All the rooms could use additional electrical outlets (there is no really convenient place for using a hairdryer, for example), and I agree with another reviewer that it's time to replace the mattresses.  But the staff are lovely, the parlor is delightful to sit in (and a great place to meet a friend or business contact), and the coffee at breakfast…",Date of stay: April 2012,4.0
788,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or785-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"I stayed here for several nights last summer with my girlfriend after I had been studying in Ireland. From the moment we walked in the staff and manager were VERY nice and helpful. Being tourists, they suggested the best tourist spots and best times to get. Subway is also right around the corner, an easy walking distance, that will take you anywhere. As for the room, we stayed on the third floor in a quaint and cosy king bed room. Rooms are not huge by any means but they have everything you need. I personally loved the charm and feel of the room.  I had a wonderful stay at the Cranely ans will be back. The best part was the management, they were absolutely wonderful. ",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
789,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or785-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The bed was too old,"The most important thing for a hotel is to have a good bed. In the scheme of things, a good bed means that one has a chance for a good night's sleep. With a bad bed, there is little to no chance of a good night's sleep...and one usually ends up with a aching back too. The hotel was nice, it was quiet, the area was terrific, everything was completely acceptable to good...except the bed. Clearly, it needed to have been changed several years ago.",Date of stay: April 2012,3.0
790,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or790-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A Quiet Retreat in the City,"Close to many great pubs, restaurants, and walking distance to Underground. But on a quiet street, which is the best of two worlds: peace and proximity. The staff were friendly, the room was nicely appointed. Breakfast is served to your room, very relaxing. The common areas have lovely antiques, and there is a free happy hour reception nightly.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
791,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or790-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel,"Beautiful Hotel, and felt like we were staying in a private home.  Stayed in a de luxe twin bedded room, having met up with a good friend from Chicago, and we thorougly enjoyed our stay.  Champagne and canapes every night was a really nice touch, and  we both slept like logs because the beds were so comfortable!  Wanted to take it home with me!  Even though our room was at the front of the Hotel, it was very quiet.  Great location, with many excellent restaurants, shops, etc. around. Whenever I now come to London I will definitely stay at this Hotel and I will recommend it to all my friends, both here and those who come in from overseas.  Well done to all the staff there.  Very friendly and highly efficient in a very unobtrusive way.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
792,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or790-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Average,"This hotel is overrated at tripadvisor. It is average and to show this I give some details of our stay (we were two sharing a room) :  - upon arrival you have to climb some stairs and you have have to choose between left or right entrance door. We did choose the left door and this was bad luck, we had to go back and climb the steps of the right entrance door, there is no sign indicating which door is the entrance door.  - at check in we were given a room upgrade (four corners room) in the front of the building and given some explanation about the breakfast procedure (see below). Continental breakfast was included in our reservation. Reception was although friendly not very welcoming.  - the room itself was ok but a little bit outdated, the bathroom was very basic : no separate…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
793,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or790-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay,"Stayed over from a friday to sunday. The hotel is organized, with great facilities, the breakfast is server in the room, great space, staff pro in hospitality. Even though in London it is in a quiet street just 5 to 10 min walk from underground station Gloucester Road. The only downturn trom the hotel was that we had just 2GB internet access over 2 and a half days in the hotel for 3 computers, so we had to ask for an extra log in. However it did not drag down the score once we barely stayed in the hotel, and it was not a business trip. In addition the AC was not working really well, but did not really bother once the weather was not extreme.",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
794,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or790-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A nice treat,"This Hotel was booked fo rmy birthday and the hotel was excellent from when we checked in. We got there rather early and left our bags throughout the day, by the time we got back they were in our room. The free drinks and canepes were lovely and the breakfast the following day was brilliant. The room we had was on the way up the stairs, I was worried about the noice but I did not here a thing and the hotel was very full. The staff were great and the style and the atmosphere was great. It was a nice treat.  The only couple of down sides that did not make it an excellent (not anything serious): One of the staff members on the front desk at night was rather off after requested hot drinks in our room, which is not great after coming in from a meal. Also the view from the back of our…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
795,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or795-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfection,"Everything was just perfect. Location, service, comfort...Hotel staff was exceptional, always with the smile, so full of positive energy, very quiet but always quick and helpful...there is no words to describe how good that team works. Congratulations to those who put ​​the whole team together!",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
796,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or795-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Not a good experience,"Stayed one night prior to a 24 hour international flight, and hardly got any sleep due to noise.  Nice staff who initially appeared very professional  but did not handle the situation well at all, plus were not able to make executive decisions in the absence of their Manager. I checked into the hotel and was allocated a basement level room (505) and returned to my room around 8pm to shower and retire early. By 9pm I was still aware of noise from above (footsteps & creaky floorboards) as my room was directly under the ground floor lounge / reception area. Realising this could go on till all hours I rang reception and asked to be changed to another room and the only room available was a higher valued room and therefore I would have to pay the difference if I wanted to move. I…",Date of stay: March 2012,3.0
797,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or795-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great location, very comfortable?","We have just returned home after two nights at the Cranley. The location is great, brilliant for Gloucester road tube and a really good choice of bars and restaurants nearby. Our room was on the ground floor, number 602 I think. It was at the back and whilst not huge was very cosy. There was no view to speak of, just a brick wall and some chimney pots but the upside of this meant it was really quiet. Everything was very clean. We did not get to sample the complimentary champagne and canapes as we were out both evenings so I can't comment on those. My only grumble was the continental breakfast. Yes it was brought to the room at the requested time but it was just not worth what we paid. We would have been better off going room only and could have got something to eat round the…",Date of stay: March 2012,4.0
798,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or795-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent experience...full value received,"Despite having a reservation at another well recommended London hotel, when the Cranley came to my attention, I decided to give it a try. Good decision, and I was totally satisfied. Convenient for Heathrow. Easy walk to Gloucester Road tube station. Excellent selection of restaurants within walking distance, including the Noor Jahan (which I highly recommend) next door. Pleasant neighbourhood. Received assistance from hotel in arranging airport transfers - no problems, and the car service was excellent. Breakfast was on time and well done, and a couple of dinners were quite good. Comments about the fabric are correct, cracked paint here, threadbare rug there, but is that really an issue? You want perfection, spend significantly more money and stay elsewhere. The Cranley is a…",Date of stay: March 2012,5.0
799,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or795-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely!!,"Me and my partner decided very late notice that for our anniversary together we would stay in London for the weekend. Within minutes of searching we came across an absolute bargain with this hotel for the one night. Now being 'normal' working class gals this was somewhere that would usually be out of our price range. We arrived here an hour early before check in time and I have to admit that I felt a bit under dressed and out of place walking in there, however we were greeted and soon felt like anyone else that might usually stay there. We were able to check in at that time and had the pleasant surprise of being upgraded to a Four Poster bed room, completely unexpected and for no reason. The room was very spacious and very clean. Far superior to what either of us stayed in…",Date of stay: February 2012,5.0
800,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or800-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good upmarket traditional hotel,Second stay after a five year gap. Every bit as good as it ws before. Service excellent with the breakfast arriving in the room when asked for. Room excellent with a very comfortable bed. Reception noted that it was my wife's birthday and we were treated to a glass of champagne each and strawberries at breakfast. Nice touch. Not cheap but you certainly get what you pay for.,Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
801,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or800-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Charming, intimate boutique hotel in the heart of Kensington","Am spoiled for hotel stays after just one night at The Cranley this past December. Check-in was oh-so gracious and personal at the writing desk in the middle of a drawing room. Even though we arrived past the hour for complimentary bubbly, the staff was only too happy to send a couple of glasses with chips up to our room.  The room was a good size and when I asked about the loud TV playing in the room next door, the front desk attendant was quick to call and ask them if they wouldn't mind lowering the volume a bit. This hotel clearly cares about the experience of their guests and the sitting room is warm, gracious and welcoming. Exactly the kind of boutique hotel experience I've been looking for and the cost was reasonable by London standards. An excellent choice in location if…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
802,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or800-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A boutique hotel on a quiet neighborhood street.,"We were a little early for our check in however, this hotel welcomed us with tea and biscuits while we waited for our room to be ready. Our bags were already waiting for us when they announced our room was ready. There were several wonderful restaurants, on Gloucester Road, walking distance from our hotel. You could also walk to the ""tube"" (subway) just down from the restaurants and ride the Picadilly Line to Picadilly Circus, Harrods or into London itself. If you need a cab, the hotel can arrange one for you, or just grab one yourself, as there are plenty. Other than the prompt tea and biscuits every morning in our room, the breakfast was not always on time (or that much). As close as the restaurants were, we walked to one each morning, that wasn't a problem. Expect to walk…",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
803,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or800-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Dr,This small hotel is friendly and welcoming. The rooms are excellent. I appreciated the free champagne and canapes at 7 p.m. and the helpful staff. I have stayed here twice and would return again.,Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
804,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or800-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",lovely hotel,it is very homely     cosy   antique decor    but luxury as in a big hotel    friendly staff  just the breakfast is  very  minimum  for the price of it     if that was better  i gave a 5 star,Date of stay: January 2012,4.0
805,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or805-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Really great stay,"We stayed in the Cranely for one night and it was really great. We were given a complimentary upgrade to a four poster king room and it was so comfortable. As others have said, it is facing onto a road (which seemed quiet enough) but there is no noise at all. The room was lovely but it would have been nice if there were tea & coffee making facilities.  The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We were able to check in early and they even gave us a bottle of champagne free as my boyfriend was celebrating his birthday!  The hotel is within an easy walk from Gloucester Rd tube station on the Piccadilly line and there are quite a few nice looking bars and restaurants in the area. I would happily stay here again!",Date of stay: January 2012,5.0
806,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or805-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Brilliant Boutique!,"Just a one night stay for a friends birthday, but what a find! Kind and thoughtful staff, comfortable room in a great South Kensington location. Beautifully appointed throughout, with a great drawing room for afternoon teas or breakfast. We will certainly be back when next in London.",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
807,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or805-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Returning to Cranley and disappointed.. a bit,"I came back to the Cranley after almost 6 years and there are some disappointments: the breakfast is not anymore free and served in your room as in the past. The hotel is quite expensive for not to offer at least a decent breakfast. The second was the staff, all of which looked like trainees who did not know what to do and how to handle simple questions. Finally, in the past there were canapes in the evening and a glass of wine. The only thing you will get now is water and some green apples at the lobby. My room however was good and spacious although it was supposed to be single. Location is also good, so not sure really if it will be my first choice when I am back in London. Maybe just for the location.",Date of stay: December 2011,3.0
808,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or805-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in a beautiful neighborhood,"The hotel was located in a beautiful neighborhood (South Kensington), about 5min walk to the nearest underground station (Gloucester Road). It's the same line that goes to Heathrow airport so it's very convenient to get there. You can walk to Hyde Park and Harrods, but for the inner city it's best to go by underground. There are a lot of restaurants in the area and small cafes if you don't want to have breakfast in the hotel. There is no breakfast buffet/room, but you can order room-service.  The hotel is lovely decorated and well kept. We stayed in a Superior room on the first floor and loved it. The only thing was that the bed was a bit hard and that it wasn't a double bed, but two beds that were put together and therefor making an ""edge"" in the middle. The road outside is not…",Date of stay: December 2011,5.0
809,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or805-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great location - basement rooms best avoided !,Good hotel in great location. My room was lovely but in the basement close to breakfast preparation area. Was awoken far too early by noise of crashing cups and plates. ,Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
810,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or810-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Traditional London hotel with exceptional service,"I thoroughly recommend this property, and can't imagine any traveler being unsatisfied, with the exception of those seeking an ""in house"" dining area. Room service is available, but the only place outside of a room to eat is in the lobby of the hotel. Rooms were carefully maintained and comfortable -- not large (by US standards) but not small (by UK standards). Restaurant Tip : Try Thalia, a northern Indian restaurant just around the corner.",Date of stay: November 2011,4.0
811,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or810-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Luxury and romance in central London,I had a fantasic stay at the Cranley.  The staff were very friendly and made us very welcome.  We were upgraded to a suite unexpectedly and thoroughly enjoyed the champagne on reception and breakfast in bed.  I would recommend this to anyone that would like a romantic break or wants to stay in Kensington.  I will definitely be returning.,Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
812,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or810-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",That elusive personal attention,"3 nights here. My wife and I were made to feel most welcome and the personal touch remained throughout our stay. Our room ,106, was spacious and extremely comfortable. Although there are no tea making facilities in the room,this would not present an insurmountable challenge to a well travelled guest.Breakfast {served in the rooms] was good- not cheap - but a fair price for the overall experience that this smart little hotel has to offer.There are few hotels that I would be happy to return to. This is one of them.",Date of stay: October 2011,5.0
813,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or810-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","A lovely, lovely little hotel","I am pretty stunned with this hotel. I spent a weekend evening with the Mrs. for a treat, and we were both very impressed. The difference starts from check-in. Unlike the usual process, they just sat us at a lovely table, we had a drink and a chat, and then were showed to our room.   The size of the rooms isn't huge, but the quality more than makes up for it. I am a bit of a furniture enthusiast and I am fairly sure that (despite them looking new) some of the furniture was original Georgian.. The bed was a four-poster, with an incredible mattress.  When we went out for the evening, the location worked out really well. A superb part of London with some fantastic restaurants and bars - and the staff at the hotel were excellent at giving us recommendations (I am usually suspicious…",Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
814,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or810-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Staff extremely courteous, hotel pleasant","The stand out aspect of this hotel is the staff. They were all polite and helpful in the extreme, I got the sense nothing would have been too much trouble for them.   I stayed in a standard double which was fairly pleasant. I got a good night's sleep as the room was air conditioned and the bedroom was very quiet - I don't remember hearing any noise at all.   Things that I would change, but which didn't seriously detract from my enjoyment: the TV was very small, I don't remember seeing one as small for a long time. I don't know how many inches, but not enough. The other thing was that the sheets on the bed seemed like they were too small for it, as soon as I lay down they became untucked and it was difficult to tuck them back in again. The bed itself was interesting as it was…",Date of stay: October 2011,4.0
815,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or815-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cozy boutique hotel in a quiet street in South Kensington,"We have stayed at the Cranley Hotel before because we loved the small and intimate atmosphere and service. Again, we really enjoyed it. Our room was a large room with a 4 poster king-size bed, which is what l had asked for on the 3rd floor. The room has free wifi and air-conditioning as it was hot the week we were there. I would definitely recommend this hotel as it is a great location in South Kensington, near the tube with lots of restaurants and shopping nearby.",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
816,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or815-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Amazing!!,The cranley was an excellent hotel to stay at. We got a room on the 4th floor that was quite small and it was extremely hot. The next day we were moved to another room down on the 1st floor. The room was much bigger and exactly like the pictures online. The staff was great at recommending resturants and giving directions. Thank you to all the staff at the cranley for making or first visit to london an amazing one!,Date of stay: September 2011,5.0
817,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or815-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",All in all a nice hotel but check out the differences between the rooms before booking!,"Plus points: The hotel is in a lovely tranquil part of London The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is tastefully decorated (think historical English town house…)  Down sides: I think I pulled a short straw with my room. It cost £210/night for a pokey room you’d have trouble swinging a cat in. With a view onto the wall/window of the building next door. I know its London, and as such prices are inflated – but I have stayed in similar quality rooms in London for half the price. Bearing this in mind I suspect to really experience the best this hotel has to offer it is worth paying extra for a four-poster rooms at the front of the building, with a view onto the street in front (rather than onto a wall!). (I didn’t see those rooms – but from the photos on the website they…",Date of stay: September 2011,3.0
818,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or815-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Comfort with a touch of elegance,We have stayed a number of times and always enjoyed our stay.  Right from opening the door there is high quality and personal service. Friendly staff who seem to be interested in you as a valued client. Efficient check-in to the room and refreshments offered (nice touch).  Room was very clean and well appointed. Breakfast in the room is great - plenty of choice on the menu and arrives at requested times. On an evening there a glass of champagne is available but often you miss this if going out for the evening.  Check out is always efficient and taxis easily arranged if needed.,Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
819,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or815-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Home away from home,"My wife, son, and I stayed at The Cranley for a week in August and it was a wonderful experience.  The daily tea that we ordered was served piping hot with a side of cookies. The staff could not be more helpful - Jose in particular was amazing. Although some of the support staff at the front desk were not always the sharpest, they were all more than willing to do whatever to make our stay the best it could be. We were looking for a place that was not like a Marriott or Hilton. Someplace that would give us a flavor of English charm. This hotel delivered on all counts.  Convenient to the tube, restaurants (Wildwood was amazing) and a few sites. We will be coming back here on our next visit....no doubt about it!",Date of stay: August 2011,5.0
820,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or820-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely stay, lovely staff, great area","Me and my partner stayed here for 3 nights in September and had a lovely stay. We booked through lastminute.com and booked a standard room which on the website for the Cranley is actually listed as a petite double. We were slightly worried about this but the room is a very good size although I do think the bed is a small double which was fine for us but may not be for some. The TV signal was terrible though and we could only get half the channels but we were not in the room very much so it wasn't too much of a problem. You get a welcome drink on arrival which they bring to your room and a free newspaper every morning, also slippers and dressing gowns in the room. I think all the small touches make something much nicer. The bathroom was lovely and very clean and the shower was…",Date of stay: September 2011,4.0
821,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or820-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely loved it!,"Wonderful hotel.  Clean, wonderful spacious rooms.  The Staff was so accomodating. The breakfast was a true continental breakfast.  It was good, but not a full English Breakfast.  I would stay there again, no problem.  This hotel is also about two blocks from the Gloucester Tube station-so convenient.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
822,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or820-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Reviews are right on,"After booking at the Cranley, I thought that there was no way the reveiws would be correct.  But they were!  Lovely boutique hotel in an excellent location in Kensington.  No restaurant, no big deal.. there were many lovely places to try nearby.. The bumpkin.. highly recommend it and the Indian Place next door.  Be sure to make a reservation at either on a Thursday, Friday or Saturday.    The only negative is that the carpets in the rooms were badly in need of a good shampoo.  Other then that.. the beds were comfortable, and the hotel spotless!",Date of stay: August 2011,4.0
823,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or820-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A Perfect Location in London,"This small hotel has many advantages for those who want to be well located in London. First, it is five minutes from the next metro station ( tube). Second. It's next to the magnificent  Natural History Museum of london. And last but not least the hotel is located in a very quiet street, is quite comfortable and has a great staff to help you. The neighborhood is very good and has an excellent Moroccan restaurant  nearby, whose name is couz couz.darna.",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
824,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or820-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful experience!,I stayed at the Cranley during a visit to London with my husband and daughters. We were here to visit family and introduce London to my children.  The hotel is beautiful and the staff could not be more helpful.  They recommended local restauraunts and made reservations for us.  Also helped us map out where we wanted to go and how to get there.  I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone coming to London!,Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
825,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or825-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very nice hotel in a perfect location,"We booked this hotel on Expedia and were able to pay in US$ a couple of months ahead of our trip.  It is in South Kensington about a five-minute walk to the Gloucester tube station which connects to three different lines around London.  We had several excellent restaurants nearby recommended by the hotel and several coffee shops, bars, and Kensington Palace (which is being renovated by the way).  They had complimentary champagne from 7pm to 8pm which I made almost every night!  We did not try the food, but I would venture to guess it was very good - no dining room, but they'll bring  food to your room or to the outside tables in front of the hotel.  The service was impeccable and very friendly.  I would definitely stay here again.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
826,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or825-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nice stay in cozy South Kensington boutique,"Visited London for the weekend.  This boutique hotel was conveniently located 8 minute walk from South Kensington tube stop.  Many local restaurants and bars if you don't feel like venturing through Central London.  My room was not huge, but the area was very walkable and safe, staff very friendly, room very clean  and services were good.  Free breakfast was included in the price, which was very reasonable considering location.",Date of stay: July 2011,4.0
827,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or825-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely hotel,"Nice hotel with spacious rooms (for London). Check-in was efficient, despite there were 10 of us. The hotel was very handy for the Tube (5-10 minute walk) and there were many shops and restaurants nearby. Only slight con was that the hotel could not serve breakfast (brought to the room on a tray) before 7am, which was slightly inconvenient for those with an early meeting.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
828,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or825-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A great home away from home,"After reading all the wonderful reviews, we were incredibly excited about our stay at the Cranley, and I'm happy to say we weren't disappointed.  Upon our arrival, Jose greeted us and showed us maps of the area, gave us a great recommendation for lunch at Bumpkin restaurant, and then had complimentary tea and biscuits sent to our room while we freshened up.  The room itself--an executive king--was spacious and well-appointed.  We especially loved the towel-warming rack in the bathroom.  The staff was always willing to help but never obtrusive.  One thing I will note: Wi-fi did not work in the room (perhaps because we were on a lower floor), but I was able to access it in the lobby.    The location is great for getting around to see everything.  You're easily within walking…",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
829,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or825-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Love the Cranley,"I found the staff at the Cranley to be incredible professional and friendly, they assisted me with all my requests.  I have not been to London in 7 years and felt very comfortable and spoilt.",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
830,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or830-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",so disappointed,"Was due to stay at The Cranley for 2 nights as an 'anniversary' getaway from the kids.  Just about to leave home when The Cranley called to say that they would have to transfer us for our first night due to water damage in the room that was allocataed to us.  Fair enough, not their fault I thought but what a pain, only 2 nights in London and both nights at different hotels!!!!  anyhow, we had booked a 'superier' room (as a little treat we upgraded) but we were promised to be upgraded yet again due to the inconvineance - this did not happen, the room we were allocated was VERY small, and the bathroom was so small it was as if it had been built in a cupboard.  On asking the receptionist about what had happened the previous day he hadn't a clue?!?!  He had just been told that we…",Date of stay: July 2011,2.0
831,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or830-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great family hotel, would come back!","We stayed at the hotel fore a week, and had a great experience! The location was excellent! There were fabulous restaurants, shops, taxi stands and you could quickly walk to the underground. The rooms were average size (for american standards) and nicely decorated (great clean bathrooms). Room service great as well and they're fresh baked scones and clotted cream are delicious!  Front desk concierges were eager to help but none of them lived in London long enough and weren't as knowledgeable as we'd wished, however they did the best they could and were always happy to research things/make restaurant reservations. No restaurant in the hotel but room service was very good and restaurant quality. The only thing lacking we found was the WiFi connection was slow and sometimes did not…",Date of stay: July 2011,5.0
832,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or830-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Expectations Exceeded!,"We stayed 6 nights at The Cranley. Everything exceeded our expectations: location, room and especially, their dedicated attention. The hotel is located in a quiet residential area, but with all services at very short distance - restaurants, cafés, tube station (Gloucester Road).  Our executive room was very comfortable and spacious, with a king bed and ample bathroom. Rooms are decorated with style and clean. Even though the elevator didn't get us directly to our floor (we had to go down 1 floor by the stairs), we didn't mind it at all.  The staff is outstanding, ready to assist you with any request.  The Cranley helped us enjoy a beautiful week in London!",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
833,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or830-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect Choice!,"When planning this trip, I was looking for a hotel that would satisfy the following requirements: 1) good location in a safe neighborhood, 2) easy access to transportation, and 3) a property that would have personalized service (not be like every other hotel around). This lovely boutique hotel fit the bill perfectly!   Service was outstanding. From emails with guest services to make some last minute changes to our room type, to the thoughtful tea service that was provided as we were waiting for our cab on the last day, hotel staff went out of their way to provide everything we needed. We allowed them to make dinner reservations for us at a restaurant they recommended, and it turned out to be one of our most memorable meals. All staff members we encountered were friendly,…",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
834,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or830-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous hotel!!,"The hotel was gorgeous, beautiful rooms, excellent location and lovely staff. We are already planning another short break in London and will definitely be staying at The Cranley again,",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
835,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or835-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great area and sweet hotel,"Stayed here for three nights as a birthday treat. Hotel is in a great area, very safe and well to do. 5 mins walk from tube, lots of eateries to suit all budgets and a tesco & waitrose. We were also able to walk to Harrods and Hyde Park in about 25mins. Felt safe walking around late at night and I would recommend it for solo travellers. On arrival the reception was busy so we were offered a complimentary drink and relaxed in the lovely lounge area. Our room, a standard double, was really small and we could barely  negotiate the bed without banging shins. Also, limited storage as the wardrobes had a minbar and tv in respectively. There was nowhere to out our empty suitcase so for a long stay would be very annoying. There was a large drop-leaf table under the window which would…",Date of stay: June 2011,4.0
836,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or835-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great boutique hotel!,"I stayed at The Cranley with my mum and sister in February 2011 for a three-night stay to visit fabulous London. We definitely had a great time: the hotel staff is very warm-welcoming and forthcoming. We booked a four poster room (room 107) which was absolutely stunning. Everything was immaculately clean and the room equipment included, among other things, magazines, complimentary bottles of water every evening, complimentary wi-fi connection, luxury toiletries, LCD television, armchair, sofa, glass table with three chairs. The bathroom had a double sink and the room had also a cozy walk-in wardrobe with a large mirror and hayrdrier. We also enjoyed the large windows with wonderful views over Bina Gardens. We just feel to be in a real London townhouse! The only negative mark was…",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
837,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or835-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Elegant, quiet, convenient, friendly","Easy walk from Glouscester Rd or South Kensington stations. Quiet street away from hustle and bustle. Free wi-fi, room service to include meals (though no restaurant on site). There is a lift; but, if you cannot do stairs at all be sure to note that on your reservation request. Highly recommend The Cranley to anyone on business or pleasure in London.",Date of stay: June 2011,5.0
838,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or835-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great cosy hotel, worth its weight in gold.","Have stayed in this hotel on numerous occasions as am a regular visitor to London.  First stayed here as I wanted to be in the neighborhood.  Have returned many times as it is great value for money.  Very decent rooms, though bathroom in standard room a bit small.  Excellent service from very friendly staff.  Breakfast greatly improved since I started visiting a little over a year ago.  Definitely recommend if you want to stay in that neighborhood.",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
839,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or835-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",London Haven,"Mabuhay from the Philippines! My sister and I stayed at the beautiful Cranley Hotel during the week of the Royal Wedding and it felt purely royal. The Cranley is a charming luxury boutique hotel located at the stunning London Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It is nearby fantastic cafes, shopping and two stations, making it easy to move around and explore the beautiful city of London. At the same time it is situated in a very quiet and private area allowing you to truly escape. Our stay in The Cranley was absolutely wonderful in every sense of the word and utterly picturesque. We were welcomed with refreshments at the lobby, which was perfect after a very long day. The service is magnificent and extremely accommodating as they provided us with ultimate comfort and had…",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
840,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or840-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wouldn't stay anywhere else,Stayed at the Cranley hotel on a recommendation and I am very glad I listened. Very nicely appointed small boutique hotel made far better by the wonderful staff. It was like staying with family members that I like. They were always offering a cocktail or champagne in the room.  The location is perfect as well. On a quiet side street only a few blocks from the Gloucester road tube station and a collection of good restaurants can be found in almost any direction from the front door. Also it is just a ten minute walk to The Brittish Museum. Without question when I am back in London I will be staying here.,Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
841,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or840-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great Value for Money. Service was very personalized, Great home away from home experience.","During my last trip in London stayed at the Cranley Hotel and really enjoyed the personalized service. This is a true boutique hotel with charme and with great location, nice area to stay in London with close access to public transportation. The hotel has no restaurant but offer good room service. Free Wi-fi access allow you to get in touch with your online world.",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
842,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or840-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice hotel, great team","The stuff at the Cranley is very nice and always tries to find a solution to any request you might have. When I could not get a taxi myself in the morning during rush hour, José from the hotel stuff went out on the street to catch one for me and when this as well did not work out he got me a taxi form a cooperation for a great reasonable prize within 3 minutes. This enabled me to be on time for a meeting and I want to thank him again on this way. I was overall very pleased with my stay and will return on a regular basis. Keep on going ;-) Daniel",Date of stay: May 2011,4.0
843,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or840-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A home away from home,"Very nice hotel, charming, well situated in heart of south kensington. Travelling with my son, we had 2 superior rooms, small but very comfortable. I will come back!",Date of stay: May 2011,5.0
844,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or840-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Charming Property with Charming, Efficient Staff","As a first time traveler to London, I agonized about where the best location would be for me to stay.  I selected the Cranley, based on customer reviews, and was extremely happy with my decision.  As a female traveling solo, I felt extremely safe walking in the neighborhood to get to the Tube and the Big Bus station.  Nice restaurants within easy walking.  Rooms were charming.  Beds comfortable.  Pillows weren't too high.  Bathrooms very clean. Honor bar.  Juice and water always available in lobby area.  Comfortable seating area in lobby area and it proved to be a great place to meet other guests. Other hotel guests were returning guests, and they have chosen this property over and over again because they loved it too.  Perhaps the greatest thing was the friendly, helpful staff.…",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
845,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or845-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Quiet, clean, comfortable with welcoming staff","We stayed just for 2 nights and found the room to be quiet, clean and comfortable. Staff were welcoming and helpful.  It would have been nice to be able to open the windows a little more (the weather was unseasonably warm during our stay) but I guess thats a security measure so understandable.  Free wifi was a bonus. We prepaid for a superior room so got a pretty good rate anyway (for London!) but then we were upgraded to an Executive King Suite on checkin which made it an even better deal.   We didn't try the breakfast at the hotel but instead went to House of Coffees a short walk away on Gloucester Road close to the tube station which was fast, cheap and  tasty.",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
846,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or845-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfection,"Perfection! The staff anticipated my every need and want...even some I did not know I had. Most professional and warm hotel staff I have ever met.  My 4 poster room was elegant and the epitome of comfort. On Easter, they left Easter eggs on my bed.  The area is quiet for sleeping and yet right around the corner are fine restaurants and public transportation. I ate at several great restaurants Il Falconiere, Bumpkins, and Casa Brindisa.  Treat yourself to the best.  Thank you David Garcia for managing such a customer focused hotel",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
847,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or845-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",My favorite London hotel,"The staff at The Cranley anticipated my every need. My room was huge, comfortable, and beautifully appointed. The manager David Garcia stands for quality in everything he touches. This four star hotel provides 5 star service.  The area of South Kensington is beautiful, easily accessible by public transportation, and full of magnificent restaurants. I can't wait to return.",Date of stay: April 2011,5.0
848,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or845-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Free wifi and a comfortable bed,"Stayed for four nights (did not have breakfast at the hotel) on third floor (mezzanine room 303) facing the ""back"".  Very quiet and comfortable (no ear plugs required no) and the staff was very accomodating. Clean and nice bath room w good powered shower only. Lots of big pillows and lined curtains. Good working space and lighting. I had some problems with my safe (the kind that locks with a credit card) but that was sorted and until it was the staff handled my stuff - I just left it and they collected it in my room and then I picked it up in the evening. Complimentary morning paper under door was a little extra and even the house keeping staff looked happy (which is sometimes not the case ..)",Date of stay: April 2011,4.0
849,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or845-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Charming hotel, with great staff and a welcome cocktail.","Stayed here for 3 nights.  After a 9+ hour flight, a tube ride to Gloucester, and a 3 block walk, this is was a welcome sight.  Nice quiet street, lovely lobby, made us feel right at home.  The staff offered us a welcome cocktail while we sat in the lounge area to catch-up with our friends.  Cozy lobby, lovely room with a comfortable bed. I would stay here again on my next visit to London.  Pictures from my stay: http://itsweetandsavory.blogspot.com/2011/03/england-day-1.html",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
850,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or850-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Quiet, clean hotel. Amazing staff!",This was my second stay at the Cranley Hotel and was not dissappointed. The staff goes out of their way to be helpful and courteous. The rooms are elegant and clean and the beds are comfortable. A real pleasure.,Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
851,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or850-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Quiet, friendly hotel in nice area","Check in was very smooth and efficient. We were immediately offered tea in our room and shown to room 501. This has to be one of the best rooms in London that we have stayed in. The room was large, the bed enormous, table and desk provided. We liked that you did not have to walk around the bed to get to things.   We were pressed for time and decided to order food from room service (which was reasonably priced). However, they said that it would be an hour before it would arrive so we declined room service.  On arrival back at the hotel at 10:35pm we asked for tea to be sent to our room because there is no tea/coffee making facility in the room. We were told that room service was 'temporarily unavailable'. We tried calling room service and reception later but got no reply so gave…",Date of stay: March 2011,4.0
852,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or850-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",We loved staying here!,"A traditional and attractive hotel with exemplary service, Our bed and bathroom were lovely, and extremely comfortable and smart, a slightly worn look to the chair and drawers did not worry us, but is why I have given the  room 4 stars.  Exceptionally clean and comfortable for London.   It was perfect after an evening at the opera.  Will definitely stay again.",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
853,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or850-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","nice atmosphere, great service","do not miss the afternoon tea ! the room was very nice elegant and with style. the personal is very friendly and competent. the place is very good cloesed to the underground station glochester road in 10 min. in center of london. harrod just 10 min. walk. the hotel is very quite, like you are not in a big metropole",Date of stay: March 2011,5.0
854,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or850-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The Good News,"Obviously we were not the only ones to suffer at the hands of Lastminute.com. On our arrival at the Royal Park we were greeted with the opening question ""Do you want the good news?"". They were overbooked but were relocation us to the Cranley. Well all I can say is that if the Royal Park is up to the same standard as the Cranley then there are two good hotels in London!! Well appointed room, quiet and very comfortable. Staff incredibly helpful and polite. A great location for us as we were going to the Festival Hall in the evening and didnt want too much travelling. Probably not the best breakfast in the world but served hot and on time -   We will definitely be back and will definitely try the Royal park as well - thats if lastminute havent overbooked again!!!",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
855,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or855-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect homely base in London,"I had to book a last-minute hotel room for an overnight stay in London, due to work. Lastminute.com made a hash of it, and sold me a room at the Royal Park, sister hotel of the Cranley. But both hotels proved highly efficient, and arranged me an upgraded room in the Cranley.  What a lovely surprise! I have stayed in much posher hotels, but none that was more friendly. I would have happily swapped the big but impersonal room I stayed in at the Berkeley for this one. (Plus, my breakfast at the Barkeley was cold, and all sorts of other things were wrong that were right here.)   Last time I stayed overnight in London, I found myself in a Thistle hotel that cost almost the same as the Cranley, and put my in a bar, white cell of a room with a wonky TV on the wall.  Here, I had a…",Date of stay: February 2011,5.0
856,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or855-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Two stays in January 2011,"I wound up at the Cranley twice this past month... one on vacation, the second time on business.  Both times I thought the Cranley continues to hold its own.   It's excellent value and a charming place and extremely clean.  I think I've stayed there ten times now (though it's never earned me an upgrade.... however, I don't think London hotels do that the way New York hotels do.)  At any rate, I think the key is that there has been a remarkable consistency in staff the past few years... I am recognizing the faces now, in fact I think some staff were brought back... whatever the reason, the same people in place help the place run much better I think and this is a strength at the Cranley.",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
857,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or855-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel!,"Booked the Cranley after seeing reviews on Tripadvisor and looking on the hotels website. It seemed to be a personal ,boutique type hotel a million miles from those corporate chains with not much difference in price.  The location was great - down a nice quiet side road not far from Gloucester road tube and close to some nice restaurants. Elegantly understated frontage.  The receptionist was very welcoming and we were offered a welcome drink.  The room was clean and pleasant and fine sizewise (standard double - I think there was a petite double that would have been smaller) .Granted it was smaller than your average chain type hotel but it was individually decorated so felt much more homely. There were nice touches like the complimentary water in  the room, (I like hotels that…",Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
858,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or855-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect. Discreet. Quiet.,What more could you want than a discreet and quiet place to stay in one of the best areas of London. The staff were attentive and the rooms were lovely. We will be back!,Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
859,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or855-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Everything exceeded all expectation!,"This is a blissful calm, comfortable, luxurious hotel within the mayhem of London.  After a very long day traveling and seeing London in the freezing weather, with a toddler, we were SO grateful to arrive here.  The fire, Christmas tree, gorgeous furnishings and a warm smile greeted us.  After settling our son, we enjoyed a very relaxing evening by the fire, it was like staying at a friends house.   Very good value for money, can't wait to go back!",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
860,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or860-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful place for the holidays,"The staff members are extremely helpful and polite. They knew our names, and were great at making suggestions on activities and places to visit. Yes, my room was just a tiny bit tired (I guess I was in one of the smaller ones), but I was still very happy to stay there as the room was well appointed, comfortable, and very very clean. My family had a room on a higher floor that was larger and also very clean, comfortable, and bit more ""spruced up"".",Date of stay: December 2010,5.0
861,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or860-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",a very very smart quaint boutique hotel with all mod cons.,very smart boutique hotel suprisingly convenient ie a short walk to Gloucester Road tube station so knightsbridge/harrods and covent garden /theatres very accessible ie one tube all the way . kings road also within a short stroll . a couple of nice pubs nearby so all in all a very very good quiet location .,Date of stay: January 2011,5.0
862,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or860-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",We felt like home away from home,"London is a great city to be visited at least once a year and the Cranley has become my place to be when I travel to London.. we felt really confortable and safe, the staff was very attentive to all our requests.... our room 106 was a executive room beautifully decorated with one of the most confortable beds I ever slept. we stayed 2 nights but we spent most of our time out visiting the british museum or the V&A.. fantastic by the way! recommended!.. Mr Garcia and his team are doing a very good job... we will definitely come back. :)",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
863,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or860-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Still good but room a bit tired,"The third time we have stayed at the cranley, although this is our first time of returning after a 3 year break. Still welcoming homely hotel and service remains good. Our room was a little tired in areas",Date of stay: November 2010,4.0
864,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or860-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent,"Very nice, clean hotel. Very well located. Very friendly service.",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
865,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or865-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","This hotel meets all the expectations of ""Jolly Olde England""","This hotel is located in Kensington, in a nice quiet neighborhood. The hotel is right out of the Victoria Era.The rooms are spacious and nicely furnished. The beds were confortable and there were plenty of pillows. The included breatfast could be better, it is toast, or some other small piece of bread, butter, jam & tea or coffee; but they bring it to the room. I was not feeling well on evening a returned to the room early to rest. They are 5 television stations on the TV and 4 were sports and one was news, that was not good. There are plenty of shops, pubs, & restaurants nearby. This hotel is pretty far away from all the major sightseeing attractions but there is a tube station in short walking distance. The staff was friendly and very helpful, there was always some one around…",Date of stay: November 2010,5.0
866,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or865-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",CHARM CHARM CHARM,"a friend told me about this hotel, its not like a regular hotel that I have been used to, its more like a mannor or bed and breakfast, but it is a hotel... The staff and hotel were top notch... My trip was to London, Paris, and Amsterdam and the Cranley was my favorite stay on the whole trip, in fact we missed it at every other stop...",Date of stay: October 2010,5.0
867,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or865-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, great service","We stayed at the Cranley for 3 days before boarding a cruise ship in Dover. The hotel was spotlessly clean, nicely decorated, service was very good. Location was very handy, within 2 blocks of the Tube station and several fine restaurants, (I recommend Lily's for dinner). Don't forget to ask for coffee to be delivered to the lobby in the morning. The perfect place to read your paper and plan your day.",Date of stay: May 2010,5.0
868,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or865-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The Cranley is my favorite hotel in London,"The Cranley Hotel made an enjoyable trip even more so. The staff is professional, friendly, and attentive. The hotel is in a charming group of converted victorian houses. It does not have any of the dreary corporate feel of the nearby hotels with corporate names to match. The neighborhood is quiet and lovely and is convenient to so many great things to do and see. Gloucester Road tube stop is 3 blocks away, and Kings Road is in walking distance.  I have stayed in many London hotels and the Cranley is by far my favorite. It feels like a home away from home.",Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
869,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or865-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wrong location for wheelchair users,"Stayed here in August on a weekend break after being moved by their sister hotel "" The Royal Park, who claimed they did not have rooms for us (still trying to get to the bottom of that one via Alpha Rooms). We were assured the hotel was not too far away,- not the case. The Cranley is in South Kensington a long way out and getting around London with a wheelchair is not very easy unless you want to spend a fortune on taxis. Had we been 4 able bodied ladies the location wouldn't have been a problem. We had requested an executive room with a walk-in shower for my disabled mum but they didn't have one at The Cranley (we had booked The Royal Park well in advance of our visit so this shouldn't have been a problem). There are also more steps at the entrance for my mum to struggle with.…",Date of stay: August 2010,2.0
870,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or870-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Spacious Room, Comfortable Bed, Service with a smile!","Having been just come back from Las Vegas for 3weeks, there is no comparison to a unique service we got at the Cranley's.  Despite being told it's Fashion Week, we decided to rest in London before heading back in Dublin.  The friendly welcome and the breakfast in bed was a added bonus.",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
871,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or870-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Major Disappointment....AFter Twelve Years with the Cranley,"My husband and I have stayed at least fifteen times at the Cranley , having taken twin nieces and business partners there, and have survived several management and own turnovers.  Most of these were seamless until last week, when we were given a ""superior double"" that was no larger than a closet.  The manager claimed it was Fashion week, but we had made the reservation months in advance and were just coming in from the Cotswold Way, a 105-mile trek. . . we needed rest and spaciousness greatly, but were denied it.  When we entered the room, there was no hot water - this took a short time to correct, but then we noticed that the bathroom molding under the tub was falling apart.  The Internet service is a joke.  It took up to ten minutes to log on - so this is no improvement over…",Date of stay: September 2010,2.0
872,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or870-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Did not seem as good as it once was...,"We have stayed there over 15 times. They are in their third management company, and the data base seems not to follow to the new company, so no record of past patronage. We love the facility, location and ambience. Our room, this time and while meeting the class of room booked, was certainly at the low end of that class as it was very small. InterState Hotels, from the US is the manager and it will take time to see if they can manage to 4 star quality in London.",Date of stay: September 2010,4.0
873,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or870-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely hotel, lovely staff - nothing was too much trouble","My daughter and I stayed at the Cranley for the weekend - I had promised her a weekend in London as a treat and the Cranley was a great part of the experience. The staff were friendly and very obliging, the room was clean and well equipped. The location is very good - easy access by tube and walking distance from museums and Knightsbridge. A lovely weekend!",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
874,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or870-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Cranley was a beautiful, comfortable boutique hotel reasonably priced","We enjoyed our stay at the Cranley Hotel very much. The rooms were very well appointed and comfortable. The availability of a computer with internet access was very helpful to me as I travelled without a laptop. The beds were so comfortable and our room on the fourth floor was nice and quiet with a beautiful view of London. Gabriel was extremely helpful and gracious with all our questions and requests. It was a pleasure to have such welcoming and helpful hosts. When we arrived tired and jetlagged, we were immediately brought to our room and served tea, coffee and cookies. It was such a comfort to be greeted this way and made us feel so relaxed as if we could recover from our journey extra fast! I would recommend Cranley to people that want a nice, luxurious hotel with great…",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
875,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or875-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Our Home Away From Home.,"This was our sixth visit to The Cranley.  It is a wonderful and very accommodating hotel.  The staff, Ayman and Gabriel, in particular, were professional and very helpful.  We stayed in our favorite room (Rm. 306) where we could look out on to Bina Gardens and enjoy our breakfast.  After a long overnight flight, it is always comforting to arrive at ""our home away from home"", The Cranley!!!  Highly recommended.",Date of stay: September 2010,5.0
876,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or875-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",top value,"we have been at the Cranley at least once a year for the last 5 years and it has been always a wonderful staying. Staff is absolutely nice and professional, decoration is very nice and elegant, rooms clean and very confortable. We hope to be soon again at the Cranley. Mr & Ms Ramos",Date of stay: July 2010,5.0
877,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or875-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great! One of the best hotels,"As we got to the hotel we had a pleasant surprise, as our room was upgraded. It was offered us some welcome drink aswell as the champagne at the lobby at 7pm. The staff was really nice and helpful, the room was very clean, the bed really comfortable. the location is really good, just a few streets far from the Gloucester station.",Date of stay: August 2010,4.0
878,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or875-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely experience,Just wanted to leave a BIG thank you to the hotel staff!  Made our wedding anniversary break an absolutely memorable occassion. Will certainly come back for business trips as well!,Date of stay: August 2010,5.0
879,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or875-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",worst ever hotel experience in 25 years,ok you decide - here are the facts  Booked a superior room - not a standard room - and paid several weeks in advance so the hotel had my money.  On the day no call from the hotel so set off for South Kensington having booked a dinner for several friends near the hotel. Arrived.  Was told that they had overbooked and there was no room for me. No explanation - just life.  But we have booked a hotel room for you.   Yes - it was at Chelsea Football Ground miles from the Cranley.  Man who was dealing with this disappeared. Taxi driver finally shows - no idea where to go - not briefed by hotel. We scrabble our way there - to an anonymous block hotel miles from my dinner plans. Ring friends to cancel dinner and spend miserable night to be woken at 6.30 by sound of refuse trucks…,Date of stay: July 2010,1.0
880,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or880-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Elegant and comfortable but a snobby staff did not make the price palatable,"To start off, this hotel was a ""splurge"" for me - I've never paid more than $300/night anywhere, but since London's a generally expensive city (especially in the middle of summer), we decided to trust the trip advisor reviews and treat ourselves to the Cranley for an elegant and relaxing end to our holiday.  But the minute we were greeted by a once-over from the receptionist and a chilly: ""Do you have a reservation with us?"", my experience was tainted, despite the hotel's other positive attributes.  In person, the place is as classy and austere as it looks online. We were a bit rumpled an our early morning flight, so I can only imagine we weren't tailored enough to warrant their traditional welcome - or even a smile. The check in was officious and clinical; no ""welcome drinks""…",Date of stay: July 2010,4.0
881,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or880-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful,"This is just one of those pleasant occasions when you come accross a very nice surprise in terms of Hotel. Coming into Cranley Hotel in South Kensington was a charming experience. The staff gave us a warm and personal welcoming. Very proffessional and efficient handling of formalities, complementary drinks upon arrival etc. The room was beautiful and very well equipped. The staff were very caring and made you feel at home.  Compliments to the management for having developped such a personal touch of class and superb staff!",Date of stay: June 2010,5.0
882,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or880-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A bit disappointed,"I loved the Cranley before this stay.  Charming and great location, close to Gloucester tube.  I stayed here in 2002 and 2003.  In 2002, the breakfast was included in the price, in 2003 it wasn't and still isn't.   Recent stay was disappointing.  The morning staff was nice, the evening staff had attitude.  None of them seem to know anything about restaurants or where to get breakfast besides Starbucks.  Our room #205, 2nd floor, facing street needs TLC.   The ""lobby"" carpet really needs to be changed, stains all over it.  For the price we paid we expected the old Cranley.   I had emailed before our arrival that we would like a car sent to Heathrow to pick us up.  I told them there would be two sets of golf clubs, four large suitcases and four people  and that we would need a van…",Date of stay: June 2010,3.0
883,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or880-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",So charming it will surprise you,"I came here, expecting a big luxury business hotel. Instead, I found a small residental building with wonderful atmosphere. Next to the reception was an open bar and I asked if that was my welcome drink. They offered me a 15-year old single malt, and I even could have got it double! They claimed I got the best room, but based on the photos the other ones look equally nice. I will absolutely stay here with my wife when I come again. The only bad part was that the hotel calls a taxi costing at least 15 pound (not even credit cards accepted) when a standard black cab would cost around 5-7 to the centre. But they did bring me an ironing board to the room. They also printed some documents without any fuzz or extra charges.",Date of stay: June 2010,4.0
884,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or880-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Nothing special,"My reservation hadn't come through from the travel agents when I arrived at the hotel, but the staff where very professional and dealt with the problem without a fuss. I also received a welcome drink whilst waiting.   The hotel its self was very clean and really quite. It’s a short walk from Earls Court and its many cafes and restaurants.   I was however very disappointed that everything was so expensive. Breakfast was £15 for what looked like a continental menu. Tea and coffee was not supplied in the room and nor was fresh water.  If you wanted to order them it was £3.00 each.   There wasn’t anything really special about the place and I thought it would have been a bit grander for the price.",Date of stay: April 2010,3.0
885,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or885-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great value!,Great location. Very friendly & flexible staff making every effort to make you feel comfortable. It's almost like staying at a private house.,Date of stay: April 2010,5.0
886,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or885-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Good location, quiet, clean","We chose this hotel on the advice of our travel counsellor to fit in with a busy 2 days of theatre, business, shopping, culture and museums with a nearly teen. The room overlooked the front on the second floor (no lift) but was elegant, comfortable, clean and even had a dressing room, perfect for the nearly teen although the fold-out bed left a little to be desired in the comfort stakes. Room service was prompt and the staff were helpful and quick to respond. Champagne at 7.00 was an added and pleasant start to the evenings events. Everything worked and Penhaligons was back in the bathroom. Would definitely use again.",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
887,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or885-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Sweet and Very Accommodating,"I went to visit (and stay with) a friend in London for a week, and as a thank you, I put us up in a hotel on my last night there.  We stayed at the Cranley and it was so lovely.  From the moment I arrived, the hotel staff was so thoughtful and accommodating, bringing me a complimentary coffee and biscuits, and offering maps of London and advice for getting around.  All staff was so nice and the service was so solid it was almost unnerving!  The room was clean and comfortable, and they even offered us a complimentary upgrade to a junior suite!  The suite was small, but it's a city hotel, so space is at a premium everywhere.  The beds were super comfortable, and combined with pillows in varying firmness and blackout curtains in the bedroom, we slept very well.  We ordered room…",Date of stay: March 2010,5.0
888,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or885-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fifth or sixth stay,"The Cranley remains solid.  It's a pleasant hotel in a great neighbourhood.  I always consider it as a place to stay.  The new manager seems on top of things.  It's still lovely, though some of the upholstery in my room could bear with replacement, but this is minor.  Still those dreadful square bottles for toiletries... getting anything out of them is a workout.  Still miss the Penhaligon's toiletries.  My only disappointment was that I had booked a room for us both under an offer and then had to book a second room because someone who shall remain nameless snored and someone else who shall remain nameless claimed poor sleep as a result.  The second room was not offered at the original offer rate, which given all the busines I've given The Cranley over the years I thought was a…",Date of stay: March 2010,4.0
889,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or885-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",fantastic stay!,"i read the previous reviews and i normally stay in 5 star smaller hotels in south kensington but i thought i should try cranley this time. i was not dissapointed. the hotel is lovely, very charming. The staff were very freindly and helped us pick a nice restaurant as well for our romantic evening. The hotel is close to the tube, shops and plenty of nice restaurants. It was very easy to travel from heathrow as well with the tube going straight to thestation close to the hotel. I will for sure come back here again. The little extras such as the glass of champagne in the evening and the free internet certainly was nice touches as well.",Date of stay: March 2010,5.0
890,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or890-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great find in London,"This hotel, as many have commented, is more like a B&B. We enjoyed our thoroughly. I would comment that the rooms are typical in size for London but well decorated.  I noted a previous comment and requested a room on floor not in the basement. My request was accommodated and we were pleased with our room (202) which had a view over London rooftops.  The afternoon tea and champagnes served are a lovely touch. Also the hotel is well located for great Indian Restaurants and the museums.",Date of stay: January 2010,4.0
891,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or890-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful experience,"My husband and I were in London to visit our daughter studying abroad.  This hotel was perfect for us.  Definately had a bed and breakfast feel.  All staff were friendly, helpful, and professional.  Our room was small, but comfortable...cozy, comfortable bed!  We enjoyed the afternoon tea and evening champagne.   Great location, just a short walk to Gleister and S. Kensington tube stations.  Several nice restaurants, pubs close by.   Overall, just a great experience.  We highly recommend The Cranley.",Date of stay: November 2009,5.0
892,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or890-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent Hotel in Quiet Location,"My wife and I spent four nights in London starting on the 14th of October, 2009. We booked The Cranley based on a recommendation of a friend and we were positively surprised. Here are our our thoughts:   The hotel:  We felt as being in a friend's home than a hotel. I travel often for business, and Cranley is completely different than typical hotels. The hotel is small and charming, more of a bed and breakfast than a hotel.   The room was a great size - even to American standards - and the decor typical. Bathroom was also on the large side with a great bath/shower.  One thing that we'd recommend to the hotel management is to provide larger screen TVs and wider channel selection.   The staff: Staff were friendly and efficient. room was made up on time, and at night, chocolates…",Date of stay: October 2009,5.0
893,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or890-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful hotel,"By reading the reviews, I guess it depends what room you stay in. Our room was exactly like what was shown on their website and we had a view of the street from the 3rd floor, which was just fine for us (people watching)! Rooms aren't gigantic, but if you're on vacation, shouldn't you be out and about exploring anyways?? It's just for sleeping. We found it just fine, but I see that irked some people. That said, the bed was large and comfortable (big poster bed with duvet). Breakfast was great too. The area is fantastic (kensington/chelsea area)...quiet and great restaurants nearby. It was a nice place to spend a honeymoon rather than a crowded hotel chain (we felt like we were the only one's in the hotel as it was so quiet). I would definitely go back. Also, we had no issues…",Date of stay: May 2006,5.0
894,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or890-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Typical London - poor value for the money,"I can imagine I would have given the Cranley a much better review if we hadn't unexpectedly ended up in a basement room beside the kitchen. This came as quite a surprise as there was no mention of this possibility on the website or in other reviews that I saw here on Trip Advisor. The room itself (No. 504) was quite pleasant - spacious, nicely furnished, clean - everything you would expect from a four-star hotel. The basement view, naturally enough, was poor, through a single window that looked onto some kind of black wooden barrier, making the room rather gloomy. The kitchen gets under way pretty early, as you would imagine, and being directly next door means a lot of noise, so forget about sleeping in. The rate was about £190 a night, which is expensive, especially considering…",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
895,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or895-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Expected better,"We booked our trip through Rooms for Romance as a city break to finish off our honeymoon.  Given the comments on the website and reviews from previous visitors our expectations were high - perhaps we set ourselves up for this disappointment!  We arrived very late on the first night only to be greated by a very rude staff member.  He proceeded to answer phonecalls and speak to numerous other people when serving us, leaving us sat waiting.  We then arrived at a stiflingly hot room which was most disappointing given the free upgrade we had been promised.  We also had to ring down and ask for our complimentary drink as we were offered nothing.  The next day we had to ask for details on the complimentary afternoon tea as details again were not forthcoming.  On arrival the scones were…",Date of stay: September 2009,3.0
896,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or895-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Lovely small hotel, excellent service","We stayed here for one night as part of a theatre package with Superbreak.   Room comfortable although not large.  No tea/coffee tray in room, but on arrival a large pot of tea was brought to our room (with biscuits) and we discovered you only had to ring down and almost instantly tea/coffee/hot water would arrive ( no charge).   We also had complimentary afternoon tea in the lounge area with scones, jam and cream!    There is no dining room - slightly odd, but a beautiful continental breakfast is served in your room at your chosen time, and we easily obtained more marmalade/hot water etc.  Not too far to walk to tube.  Quiet, good air con.  Service excellent.   Would stay again",Date of stay: August 2009,4.0
897,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or895-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great room, great location, great service","Ignore the moany reviews on here, I found the cranley to be a smashing little hotel. Polite, helpful staff, comfy bed, great bathroom, tasteful decor and good value for money. My only moan was the lack of a kettle in the room, otherwise fab!",Date of stay: July 2009,5.0
898,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or895-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming Hotel,"I specifically chose this hotel because I didn't want to stay, yet again, in a large chain.  An excellent decision.  The room was very pleasant, not large but adequate for our needs with a very comfortable bed and good quality linen.  Breakfast in the room was good for us as it meant no rush to get dressed, showered etc. - much more relaxing - and was as much food as we needed.  We had afternoon tea on each of our days there, which was a really nice touch, along with the glass of champagne on offer in the evening. The only thing missing is tea and coffee making facilities - but this is made up for by breakfast/afternoon tea. The down side to our trip was that the cab (not black cab) driver had never heard of the Wolseley and we got to our dinner reservation late because of that.",Date of stay: April 2009,4.0
899,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or895-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very disappointing,"I booked this hotel through airmiles as it was close to the tube for an event at the hammersmith apollo, and location wise this hotel was great for that purpose. However i feel that the photographs and descriptions on the hotel website bore little resemblance to reality. Our room was very small and had a dreadful strong smell of damp and mould especially in the bathroom. Our view was of brick walls and a rather tatty roof. The tv was small and be aware that there are no tea and coffee making facilities in the rooms, forcing you to pay for room service. The bath was tiny - impossible to stretch out for a relaxing soak. There is no restaurant at the hotel so you are brought breakfast in bed - and it has to be in bed because the desk and chair ( one )was not big enough or suitably…",Date of stay: April 2009,3.0
900,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or900-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Pleasnt Stay!,"We stayed 5 nights and were delighted with the size of our superior double room, which overlooked Bina Garden.  Queen bed, couch, arm chair, cresser, tv (never even turned it on) desk, table with 2 chairs, large bath and separate closet with amply room for hanging & mini bar and set of drawers.Staff were helpful and accommodating since my husband needed to spend part of each day working from his computer in the room.  Only downside was that the high speed internet was erratic and initial setting up with our laptop was a pain.  Reception staff were receptive to our plight with this.  Upon arrival bags brought up, room explained, tv & ipod shown how to use, etc... Housekeeping was excellent and afternoon tea was served promptly.  Our package included the free continental breakfast…",Date of stay: March 2009,5.0
901,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or900-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",nice rooms ... no problems,"I have stayed at The Cranley on several occasions and have been quite satisfied.  The rooms are nice, linens and towels luxury and staff helpful.    I have had several bad experiences with hotels in London and am returning to The Cranley for another visit in the spring.",Date of stay: June 2007,5.0
902,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or900-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Don't bother - just don't bother,"I work for a major travel management company. That being said, I don't expect perfection, but I do expect respect and safety from a hotel. Neither of which I got at the Cranley.   Here is my opinion:  Plus(es) -Great location; comfortable bed; nicely decorated room; decent breakfast if it is included in the price (not for 15 pounds, which would be an insult); rooms are very small (under 20m2) but it's London so I won't list this as a minus; good bathtub and shower.  Minus(es) -Rude and unhelpful staff who did nothing to assist us during our entire 5-day stay; no help carrying our bags, even when we had to switch rooms due to their mistake; got every detail of reservation wrong (the room, the dates, the price, the breakfast, the package - all of it); did not honor the ""Christmas""…",Date of stay: December 2008,2.0
903,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or900-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice room, expensive and a little unprofessional staff.","I liked the furniture in the room (single room, £120/night for 2 nights) and the room design in Victorian style. Staff was very helpful when I asked for an adress in London. When I checked in they asked me for drink or something and I wanted a beer. After check-in I was brought to my room and the lady told me about the room and services (I got a feeling she didn't like her job). But where is my beer?? Not good!  The had also champagne and snack for the guests but this was only for a short time every day. And it was no info about this in the room. Maybe they want to save some money? :)  The bed was good, but the (what is the word; the blanket or that cover I lay under:) was not good. It was in 3 parts with thin cover under and over with a wool-blanket (or something like that) in…",Date of stay: January 2009,2.0
904,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or900-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I Keep Going Back,"I've been to The Cranley so many times that I've now lost count. I actually had to go to London on business in May and fleetingly thought about trying somewhere else. After doing research on the Net, I simply didn't manage to find anywhere at the same price point, which I thought would be better.  So, what do I like about the Cranley?  1) The design, which is really elegant and classy. There's a sense of chic and comfort throughout the hotel, and it feels clean and cosy.  2) The location—for me, the proximity to Gloucester Road tube station is perfect. It's only a five-minute walk there... and the Picadilly line whisks you directly either into the West End or to Saint Pancras International. Otherwise, you can also jump on the Circle or District Lines.  3) The price—although the…",Date of stay: October 2008,4.0
905,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or905-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Really liked The Cranley,"We stayed at The Cranley for two nights while in London. The knowledgeable staff was extremely accomodating- we arrived very early in the morning and they offered us coffee, tea and snacks while giving us tips on what we should see and when. Breakfast was complementary and delivered to our room with a newspaper every morning. They also offered complementary cocktails in the lobby every evening. My one and only complaint was that the room and bathroom was teeny tiny, but the bed was super comfortable and the the room was really quiet.",Date of stay: September 2008,4.0
906,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or905-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",decent but pricey hotel,"Stayed for 2 nights.  I asked for a ""family"" or ""triple"" room as I was travelling with 2 teenage daughters.  Got a large room in the basement with a foldaway bed (luckily 1 of the girls is small!).  The room was actually ok with enough natural daylight to forget its lower ground floor position.  However, the major problem was that it was 2 metres away from the kitchen where breakfasts are prepared from 6.30 am each day.  It was impossible to sleep with the ""pinging"" of the microwave going every 30 seconds! The complementary tea and scones were very nice.  Reception staff very polite and helpful, didn't meet any other as breakfast was extra and only served in the room.  There are plenty of good cafes 3 minutes walk away.  Location is perfect, 5 minutes from Gloucester Road tube…",Date of stay: September 2008,3.0
907,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or905-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","good hotel, good area","We stayed for 2 nights in this hotel.  One adult and two teenagers and were given a twin room with extra (very small) bed.  The room was in the basement, large for London hotels with an adequate bathroom.  The major problem with this room is that it is opposite the kitchen:  strong cooking smells at times and from 7:30 am loud noises whilst breakfast is being prepared (try sleeping with the ""pinging"" noise from a microwave going off every 30 seconds!).  We didn't have the breakfast as it seemed overpriced and there are loads of delis/patisseries nearby.  However, the complementary tea and scones in the afternoon were lovely.  Staff at reception very professional.  All in all, good hotel - just ask for upper floor room - and very well located.  Price was high, but for London,…",Date of stay: September 2008,4.0
908,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or905-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Returned after 14 years and still loved it!!!,"The Cranley was used for a romantic trip in 1994 and I was back this time with my 17 year old son. We loved it. I admit that the first room we received was musty (second floor). I asked right away to switch due to the smell. They could only give us a small room at the bottom for one night with a promise to move us the next day. The one night in the small room was fine. The next day all our things were packed and when we returned at the end of the day we arrived to room 404. Delightful! Great view, large room, clean bathroom and free breakfast and internet. Plus free champagne and snacks at 7pm. The pressed coffee delivered to our door with yogurt and croissants and toast was wonderful. The staff greeted us at the end of the day and was cheery each morning. My favorite little…",Date of stay: June 2008,5.0
909,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or905-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good summer deal,"I lived in London in the past and wanted my boyfriend to see what the real British life is like as he had never been to London (nor UK) before. When browsing on the internet I found the perfect deal for a stay at The Cranley hotel. With their summer promotion: we got a glass of Pimm's and strawberries on arrivel, before being shown to our beautiful room. We had a wonderful stay and my boyfriend definitely had a ""British"" experience. By the way, if you can afford it, treat yourself to an Executive room: very pretty, you'll feel like royalty!!",Date of stay: June 2008,5.0
910,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or910-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Try the Four Poster Bed!!,"Just spent a weekend at The Cranley and loved it!  I got recommended this little gem by the staff at Son Julià in Mallorca (part of same Stein chain) and can't thank them enough. Got a great deal for a Four Poster room through their web and the difference was really worth the money! The bed was amazing, the bathroom well appointed, the room very spacious and the only but was the size of the TV set... Then again, my girlfriend was so glad about that...  We are not big fans of  ""over the top"" luxury, but like to treat ourselves to nice places. Cranley really suited our taste! Thumbs up!",Date of stay: July 2008,4.0
911,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or910-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Stay at the Cranley,"We were transferred to the Cranley after our original hotel was overbooked.  We went from a three star to a four star hotel.  Because of this, I cannot speak to the costs of the Cranley.  We stayed in a fourth floor double, as some of the tripadvisor reviewers would call it, up in the attic.  We found the room to be average in size, with a great view east over South Kensington.  The air conditioner (a rarety for a London hotel) worked well, although we really didn't have need for it as the weather was quite mild.  There is a limited number of cable channels provided, maybe 10 or so.  There was a minibar in the room as well.  The bathroom, which had only a shower, was of decent size.  The bed was very comfortable.  The elevator only goes up to the third floor, but the additional…",Date of stay: July 2008,4.0
912,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or910-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great London hotel,"The Cranley is a boutique hotel in a great location.  Our executive king room was spacious and very clean with a beautiful bathroom. The staff is kind and tries to be helpful, there is not real concierge  to speak of and room service is just OK, but there are so many good restaurants  in walking distance that it did not bother us too much.",Date of stay: June 2008,4.0
913,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or910-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice, but...","Be aware that 'renovated townhouse' means that if you aren't staying in the most expensive rooms, you will be staying in the servants' quarters, in the attic.  You will be hot, you will be cramped, and you will hump your luggage upstairs, because the elevator won't run up there.   If you don't mind a tiny room, tiny bath, tiny bed and tiny closet, you'll be fine!",Date of stay: June 2008,3.0
914,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or910-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","charming, elegant and lovely stay","We have just completed an eight-night stay at the Cranley Hotel on holiday to London from the USA.  Overall our experience was quite nice indeed and we would certainly consider staying at The Cranley again on future visits to London for business or leisure.  PROS:  Lobby with fireplace was very welcoming after a day in the brisk cold,  well appointed and designed room while snug was very accomodating,  some exceptionally friendly and helpful staff,  vibrant location with great selection of culture, restaurants and shops - and close to The Underground, invisible and prudent housekeeping, heated towel-rack, offered a snifter of brandy nightly in the lobby, consistent hot water with good pressure  CONS:  Couldn't figure out how to keep the shower from leaking (no shower curtain,…",Date of stay: November 2007,4.0
915,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or915-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good location; needs refurbishment,"The hotel is decorated in English country house style. In line with this it is becoming a little frayed at the edges, (very authentic you might say), but when you're paying GBP170 per night excluding breakfast you expect the requisite improvements to have been implemented. The plus points: good location - close to Gloucester Rd tube and to Old Brompton Road; rooms individually decorated, tho' see previous comments on need for upgrading; staff very helpful and pleasant, especially Lorachan and Marianne. Negatives: the room you get is a lottery, as with all boutique hotels in Victorian London townhouses. I had requested a quiet room, and was given what would have been the attic on the top floor. Probably would have been quiet except it faced the street and there was building work…",Date of stay: November 2007,2.0
916,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or915-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",lovely little Cranley,"Firstly - the Cranley does not have a restaurant and you should know that before you go.  English people don't really use washcloths, it's an American thing so I am sorry if the lack of one hurt your stay.  Similarly if lack of kettle is going to really rile you - stay somewhere else (most top hotels don't have tea making facilities in them) ANYWAY - none of that matters to me.  The Cranley is set in a traditional London townhouse, so room sizes vary but all of them are well appointed in a very english comfortable style.  The afternoon tea and champagne is a very civilised way to end the day.  It's discreet and homely and the bathrooms are gorgeous.  My favourite rooms are in the basement.  There's plenty to do in the local area if you don't feel like venturing far after a hard…",Date of stay: August 2007,5.0
917,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or915-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A Girls' Getaway at The Cranley,"My best friend invited me to join her on a business trip to London.  We spent five days at The Cranley and found it to be quiet, clean, pretty and welcoming.  Our room, a twin-bedded double on the ground floor in the back, was enormous with an equally huge bathroom (""spacious"" was the understated word used by the staff person who greeted us).  We had three large windows which had no view to speak of but allowed us to enjoy fresh air and sunshine at will, especially since there were no windows across so privacy was not an issue.  There was a postage stamp (really!) little garden outside our own private door so we felt as though we were in an apartment, not a hotel room.  The staff were reserved and discreet but met our every request (laptop hardware, hairdryer, milk for take-out…",Date of stay: July 2007,5.0
918,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or915-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Oh, for a cup of tea!","Arrived about mid day and luckily our room was ready.  It was small but with a 6ft bed and very nicely decorated.  Bathroom had all you need.  All very clean too.  The room was at the back of the hotel and totally quiet which was wonderful for London!  I was however, VERY disappointed that there was no tea and  coffee making facilities in the room, which I thought for a 4 star hotel of this price was very poor. The website said that there was complimentary tea and scones in the afternoon and also champagne and canapies in the evening.  Sadly this was NOT AVAILABLE for us. We were told that the kitchen was out of action.  We suspected that as it was a Sunday, they didnt have the staff.  I asked if we could be given tea in our room the next morning instead, and we were told no. …",Date of stay: July 2007,3.0
919,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or915-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Beyond wildest expectations,My wife and I stayed here during our honeymoon and found it to be beyond our expectations. While planning our trip the hotel always promptly answered my e-mails even with the 7 hour time difference. They offered advice and helped me make reservations for tours and shows before we arrived. When we got there they remembered it was our honeymoon. When we got back the first night they had given us a complimentary romance package and a discount on breakfast the following morning. They allowed us to use one of their front desk computers to check our pickup location for a hotel and were always available to answer questions. Every morning the room was well cleaned and all of the windows opened. When it would rain they would go up and close all the windows for guests who were not in…,Date of stay: June 2007,5.0
920,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or920-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",look elsewhere,"location was very good, that is all.  this hotel is is dire need of a face lift. rooms were very shabby, beds hard and bathrooms needed serious updating...not even a washcloth.  for the price, this was no bargin look elsewhere.  brooklyn , new york. ",Date of stay: June 2007,2.0
921,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or920-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",If only there had been hot water...,"This was our second trip to London.  I did my research on Trip Advisor and we picked the Cranley - ironically as it would turn out because of the picture of the shower.   (The previous place we had stayed had a hand-held shower - something that wasn't mentioned or shown on it's website.)  We arrived on Monday morning after an overnight flight and we unable to check in early.  But that was OK.  After we killed some time gettting to know the neighborhood, they served us tea.  Once we checked in the room was great!  The decor was nice, the bed was so comfortable, the shower had good pressure to it.  It was all great until the boiler broke Tuesday night.  They let us know when we returned on Wednesday night about 11pm, that there was no hot water and that they could move us to…",Date of stay: May 2007,2.0
922,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or920-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",3rd stay changes,"Having stayed here several times I was looking forward to the return. This was a very well located hotel that had a great ""at home"" feeling. However the prices have gone up (paid over £230 for a double room) making the hotel far too expensive for is offered. It is now the same price as many other hotels in the area and so merely looses its edge over the competition. ",Date of stay: February 2007,3.0
923,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or920-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Bad luck stay at the Cranley,"Even a great hotel can have a run of bad luck and we were unfortunate enough to book at the Cranley when things weren't going so well for them.  Though the location was perfect, and it was just the sort of boutique hotel I prefer, the day after I arrived, their boiler went kaput and we had no hot water for two days.  Clean sheets, hot water, and electric lights are some of the basics you expect from any decent hotel -- and you pretty much demand it when you're paying £200/$400 a night.  And not being able to properly shower for two days was a real downer -- certainly not ideal when you're traveling for business.  On the second morning I spoke to the staff and advised them to consider how they would handle things when I checked out.  I had hoped that they'd be smart and offer a…",Date of stay: April 2007,3.0
924,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or920-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Good London Hotel,"My neice and I spent a week in London during late March/early April 2007 and we spent all seven nights at the Cranley.  It was a very nice hotel with pleasant, low-key service, and in a convenient location.  Our room was spacious with a nice bath.  Our room rate included a very nice breakfast (not hot -- juice, cereal, yogurt, bread basket, and hot beverage) served in our room each morning.  It was a pleasant way to start the day.    The location was remarkably quiet.   Yet it was convenient to many neighborhood restaurants and pubs.  We were not far from a tube stop and other conveniences (banks, grocery stores, etc.).  Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens, and several museums (e.g., the V&A) were close by and easy to walk to.  The only problem we had was that the room sometimes…",Date of stay: April 2007,4.0
925,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or925-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",good value for money,"Stayed  4 nights in a well sized superior double, 1st floor with views to quiet street and opposite building.  Spotless clean, nicely designed and high quality linen, towels, bed, etc. Delicious continental breakfast is served to room only.  Afternoon tea in tiny but nice lobby but you should insist on that.. they do not automatically offer  it. I am sorry to say that staff was from arriving to departing NOT really friendly, professional, attentive. They are disorganised and lack principles of customer service. For example when we ordered afternoon tea 10 min after 5pm the waiter repeated our order by looking at his wrist watch... Check your bill exactly upon check out they tend to make mistakes. All in all: not a bad stay but none to really remember. As always: people make the…",Date of stay: November 2006,3.0
926,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or925-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful!!!,"We stayed at The Cranley for the first two nights of our England / Scotland trip.  This was by far the most wonderful hotel we stayed in for the entire trip! Breakfast and newspapers brought to your room in the morning, afternoon canapes, champagne and scotch... wonderful bedding, linens...Found a fabulous price for this hotel on www.ba.com. Very convenient to two different tube stations, many restaurants and pubs.  Highly recommend! ",Date of stay: March 2006,5.0
927,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or925-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Incredible service,"Spent two nights at The Cranley. At first I was worried since the taxi driver had never heard of the place. Luckily I brought the address. The driver probably hadn't realized it was a hotel, since it is in a residential area and looks like someone's home. It's across from a very nice tree lined area park. Walking into the lobby is really walking into a very nice living room. Instead of checking in at a counter, you sit at a real desk. The formal decorations could seem imitiating, but the staff was very friendly and professional. We were never treated with an even ounce of snobbery, even in our t-shirts & jeans. The room was perfect with quite a lot of storage, drawers, closet, and a nice flat panel tv. The Cranley is in a great location. It is easy to walk to restaurants,…",Date of stay: July 2006,5.0
928,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or925-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Location,"We wanted to stay in the South Ken area of London and this was the highest ranked hotel in the area within our price range. The hotel on the whole was very nice but certainly not great. Our room was a nice size with two double beds joined to form a ""king"". There were nightstands on either side of the bed. We had a small table with two chairs and a dresser. On the dresser was a flat panel television with the standard dozen channels. The air conditioning had a stale smell whenever we turned it on. Thankfully the location is in a very quiet neighborhood because you can hear every car going by. The bathroom was very small and there was some mildew on the grout between the marble tiles in the shower. The shower drain was partially plugged and as a result, you ended up standing in…",Date of stay: August 2006,3.0
929,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or925-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A Great Place To Stay,"Just returned from a week stay at the Cranley.  It was wonderful in all areas. The hotel itself is very nice.  While small, the lobby and reception areas are nicely decorated. Our room was a very good size (Executive Double). Well laid out with excellent amenities. The bed was exceptionally comfortable with great linens and pillows. The shower was probably the most powerful I have ever experienced in a hotel.  The staff was also most helpful, although I do agree with a previous review that they are a little standoffish-If that is a word. They were very polite however and helped us many times with reservations and taxis. Afternoon tea and evening champagne are excellent touches, which made our stay even nicer , although we only were able to partake of them a couple times. The…",Date of stay: July 2006,5.0
930,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or930-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel -fantastic location,"I stayed here largely on the reviews on this website and when I went in I had the impression of a nice hotel in an out of the way area.  Well I don't know what people are talking about but this hotel has the BEST location of any in London that I've stayed at (and that's plenty, I'm there 6x/year for work).  Why?  Well it's in the best residential neighborhood, South Kensington, around.  So if you're looking to be by the touristy stuff and the theaters you wouldn't like it, if you're done with that and want to be around the corner from some of the best restraurants and upscale bars that the locals know about then you're in the perfect spot.  It's really incredible.  I HATE being around tourists and like to live like the locals do and this place had the PERFECT location. Now the…",Date of stay: July 2006,4.0
931,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or930-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cranley is convenient and has character,My wife and I stayed four 5 nights in one of The Cranley's four-poster rooms (607 - ground floor) which looked out onto the street. The room was very comfortable and certainly spacious enough and the big four-poster was very nice to sleep on (plenty of extra pillows).   Bathroom a little small but ok with a heated towel rail. It had enough wardrobe and drawer space and a nice big flat screen TV / Cd / DVD opposite the bed (not that we watched much on it). A nice breakfast table with 3 chairs (there was an armchair as well). The room safe worked by swiping any magnetic striped card (e.g credit card) which was a lot easier than remembering a code.  Overall we found the hotel had the old-England charm and the personal service that we were looking for. They have the room keys on…,Date of stay: July 2006,4.0
932,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or930-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Believe What They All Write!,"Wonderful hotel in a quet area of Kenisngton. My room was excellent, with a large bathroom, a bathtub and shower which made you feel like standing in a waterfall. Bed was excellent. Room had a flat screen TV and a comfortable chair. Breakfast was served as room service only, and it was a slight disappointment that only varieties of continental breakfast was available on the menu. ",Date of stay: July 2006,5.0
933,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or930-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fabulous,This is one of those rare circumstances where I really hesitate to say anything for fear that once people figure out that it is there the price of the hotel will skyrocket out of my budget -- have stayed 2 or 3 places over the years where we knew that it would be the last time we could afford to stay there -- and we were right!  The people simply could not have been more lovely and the rooms were fantastic.  I was there with my teenage son and daughter and every recommendation they made for us was right on -- unlike the hotel we stayed at in Paris they didn't send us to a 5 star restaurant in our shorts!  I am not a big breakfast eater so coffee and some irresistable cookies was fine for me in the morning and of course the kids got up at lunchtime.    But my very favorite thing…,None,5.0
934,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or930-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Loved the Cranley,"We spent 6 nights in June at the Cranley in a 4 poster junior suite with a rollaway for our 15 year old daughter. The room was very charming, spotless, and spacious. We loved the quiet neighborhood and loved the Indian restaurant down the street. The room service staff and housekeeping staff always gave immediate responses. We enjoyed the lovely afternoon tea. The only negatives was having to ask the reception or room service for ice each day as there was no refrigerator in room or ice machine. The concierge/reception staff was ok with answering questions, but great for getting us theatre tickets for Billy Elliot (great show!).  ",Date of stay: June 2006,4.0
935,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or935-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Fantastic,"Have just returned from a one night stay at the Cranley - we could not have enjoyed it more!!  Booked on the Friday morning to arrive Saturday.  I emailed the hotel as it was a special birthday treat for my partner, asking for a special room - well they only gave us a double upgrade to a Junior Suite with its own private terrace garden. The cream tea is a must, and the champagne and canapes are a pleasant touch. Parking outside is ok, but only after 1.30 on the Saturday which suited us.  Plenty of restautants to choose from nearby, but i would suggest a little research first. Would love to go there again and would recommend it to anyone.  Without doubt the most friendly hotel i have been to in London. ",Date of stay: June 2006,5.0
936,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or935-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming Place,"The best way for me to describe The Cranley is intimate. It sits on a quiet residential street. We arrived mid morning and were welcomed with coffee and biscuits. We were allowed an early check in, which was great considering our overnight flight. The room was small, but beautiful and immaculately clean .Bathroom was also very clean.  We faced the street but didn't have a problem with noise. If you're looking for ammenities in a hotel this is not the place. There is not a restaurant, bar, gym, spa, etc.  It is a good 10 minute walk to the Gloucester tube station. The roads in this area were tricky for us as street names change at intersections, and the roads run at angles. There are several restaraunts and pubs on Fulham Rd about a 2 minute walk. Sorry to say, I didn't find any…",Date of stay: May 2006,4.0
937,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or935-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",old world charm,"Stayed at the Cranley for a night and found it really lovely -- very old style English with a four poster bed, rich furnishings, antique-style bathroom fittings. Was on a business trip so the bill was being picked up by someone else, so can't comment on whether it's value for money or not. It's just around the corner from the Fulham Road with lots of good bars and restaurants, would be a good spot for a weekend visit. ",Date of stay: May 2006,5.0
938,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or935-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Spotless with excellent service,"This is a great place to stay in London - it is on a quiet street in a charming neighborhood close to the Tube, museums and numerous attractions. It is not cheap, but the rooms are spotless and the service is perfect. There is no restaurant in the hotel, but numerous restaurants of all types with excellent food are within a block or two. I have stayed here many times both alone or with my family and have never been disappointed. ",Date of stay: July 2005,5.0
939,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or935-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",As Good as it Gets,"We stayed here for 6 days at the end of March/beginning of April on a last-minute deal.  I'd been apprehensive because of disappointments on a couple of occasions when I'd chosen a hotel on the basis of reviews posted on this site, but the Cranley fully lived up to its great press. We loved it and will return whenever we're in London. Everything was beyond reproach - the friendly, helpful staff, the five-star service, our lovely room, luxurious bathtowels, delicious breakfasts, great shower, scrumptious afternoon tea - I could go on and on. My only concern is that it'll be full next time I try to book! ",None,5.0
940,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or940-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Really nice but small,"Stay in this hotel for my birthday weekend in London hotel is very nice but my room was so small, when a mate came over to meet me in my room it was so funy like two of us in a shoe box! have to say that the staff are really nice and very helpful. ",Date of stay: March 2006,4.0
941,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or940-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel if a Bit Quiet,"My husband and I ended our 10 day trip to London, Wales, Paris, returning to London and The Cranley for one night before returning home.  Our room was well appointed, very comfortable, and tastefully decorated.  We felt very much at home and for us, perhaps that was the problem.    Early in our tour we spent a few nights in the Theatre District of London and do prefer the dining and activity of that location over the quietness of Covent Gardens.  If you seek a quiet location in a residential neighborhood, this beautiful hotel with its comfortable surroundings will suit you. ",Date of stay: June 2005,3.0
942,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or940-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Charming, attentive service, comfortable quarters","I just spent a week here, with my wife and 2 sons, ages 10 & 16. We had 2 rooms, interconnecting; ours with a 4-poster king; the boys with 2 twin beds. The hotel is on a quiet street, a half block from a bus stop, and only a 10 minute walk from either the Gloucester Rd or S. Kensington tube stops. The rooms are beautifully appointed, and quite spacious by London standards. The entire hotel is in immaculate condition, having been recently refurbished. The lobby and sitting area is very comfortable, traditionally and tastefully furnished, if a bit small. The staff is the best I have encountered - gracious, friendly, helpful. We will remember them all fondly, especially Chris, Melanie, Mo and Maria. You will enjoy the nearby pub, the Duke of Clarence, as well as an Indian…",Date of stay: March 2006,4.0
943,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or940-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Superb small hotel near Museums in West London,"Superb small hotel in SW5, beautifully decorated, attentive staff, outstanding continental breakfast included in my room rate; great value for the location and quality. A must from now on. ",None,5.0
944,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or940-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",charming and comfortable,"I spent 5 days at the Cranley together with my wife and our 16-year old daughter - and we'll certainly choose this hotel again for our next trip to London. The staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms well decorated and the bathroom the best we ever had in a London city hotel. Bina Gardens is a quiet small road in Kensington, 5 minutes to the next tube station. The breakfast is brought by the room service, there is no breakfast room in the hotel. Afternoon tea at 4 p.m. and a glass of champagne at 7 p.m. are served in the (small) lobby, thus giving your stay another personal touch. ",Date of stay: February 2006,5.0
945,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or945-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Nice to be treated as a person, great hotel/service","Perfect location, valet parking made life even better for those with cars, attentative reception/booking system, and room was very well decorated, great ceilings and what must of have been one of the best showers in a hotel I have ever used. Well done  -keep it up and we will return. ",Date of stay: January 2006,5.0
946,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or945-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Delightful Jewel.,"We spent four nights at The Cranley prior to undertaking a 20 day Insight tour of Europe. We arrived from Singapore at 6am and the staff arranged for an early check in and a hot cuppa. Throughout our stay the staff could not do enough for us, arranging Xmas lunch at a nearby 5 star hotel, theatre tickets and transfers. We stayed in a two room penthouse on the 4th floor and the room was fantastic. On our return from our European vacation we spent another three nights at The Cranley before our long trip back to Australia. This time we stayed in a 4 poster bedroom and the room was magnificient. The bed was soft and luxurious, a far cry from some of the ""dumps"" we stayed at in Europe. We made sure we got back to the hotel every afternoon between 4pm and 5pm to enjoy tea, hot home…",Date of stay: January 2006,5.0
947,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or945-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent, relaxing, charming","Excellent, charming, small hotel conveniently situated in South Kensington a few minutes walk from Gloucester Rd. tube station in a private town house. Pleasant, residential area with shops, restaurants and the Natural History as well as the Victoria and Albert Museum nearby. Professional, attentive, friendly and unobtrusive staff.  Tastefully decorated, quiet rooms with all the amenities you need. Most relaxing privacy and comfort. No dining and breakfast room. Breakfast being served in your room. Complimentary afternoon tea, in the early evening complimentary champagne, both excellent quality, served in your room or in the entrance hall.  General superior quality. Very good price performance ratio. ",Date of stay: January 2006,5.0
948,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or945-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Consistently wonderful,"Our third visit in three years was as wonderful as the preceding.  Enjoyed our four poster room, the quiet of the hotel and its superb staff including the concierge Mo, as well as Melanie and Maria.  It is very comforting to come back to the quiet South Ken neighborhood after a day touring and to find a warm welcome, a comfortable room and a caring staff.  We look forward to our next visit.  The consistently high ratings of this hotel tell you something.",Date of stay: December 2005,5.0
949,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or945-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",2nd Stay and returning soon,"We stayed at The Cranley again late November and from arriving the staff were polite, helpful and made you feel welcome which so many of the London hotels lack.  We opted for the complimentary tea on arrival in our room and only negative is that it took a phone call to reception to remind room service and 25 min wait.  Room was lovely, clean and comfortable.  Good location for Gloucester Road and amenities. We arrived by car at the w/e and the negative is no parking facilities which is NOT the fault of The Cranley being on a residental street with permit parking restrictions. Breakfast was abound with toast, cereal, fruit (fresh - not from a tin like other hotels!!) tea, coffee and juice, perfect.   We are due to return to The Cranley soon for our next visit to London. Price can…",Date of stay: November 2005,5.0
950,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or950-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",It is truly Loverly!,"I read TripAdvisor for months before planning our trip to London and decided upon The Cranley.  We were not disappointed.  Upon booking, the staff recommended a King bed room with space to put a cot in the room for our 16 year old son.  (Thank you Melanie for the suggestion!)  The room ended up being at the front of the hotel with 3 beautiful floor to ceiling windows facing Bina Street.  Plenty of room for the 3 of us. Waking up every morning with promptly served breakfast and tea overlooking a beautiful and quiet South Kensington neighborhood was pure bliss.  The room was kept immaculately cleaned with fresh pressed linens, bathrobes and even a walk-in closet.  Hairdryer, plush towels, full length mirror, and even an umbrella was provided in our room.    The hotel staff,…",Date of stay: October 2005,5.0
951,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or950-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cranley needs a wake up call,"The Cranley offers an excellent location, but proved frustratingly disappointing.  A wonderful boutique hotel, with charming rooms and decor, is marred by uncertain service. The well-meaning young staff deserve better training than they have clearly received. And while the  rooms are lovely, and the setting delightful, our pleasure in all this evaporated when we found that a personal cosmetics item had been removed from our bathroom during cleaning.  It should not be necessary to lock up all of one's belongings before heading out for the day.... There is so much potential in this hotel. But if our experience is any indicator,The Cranley badly needs a wake up call. ",Date of stay: October 2005,2.0
952,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or950-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Great Staff, Wonderful Hotel","I was supposed to stay at this lovely hotel with my mother and booked a twin-bedded room. Unfortunately, due to illness, my mother was unable to come with me. Upon arriving at the hotel around three in the afternoon, I was invited to sit at the elegant table off the lounge to check in. Upon hearing that I was alone, the young lady checking me in did not attempt to slough me off to a smaller room or to a single. I was also asked if I wanted to pay in dollars instead of pounds. Because my credit card company would have charged me a fee to make the currency convesion, I was very happy to be given the option of being billed in dollars.  Another young lady took my bag to the fourth floor. The elevator only goes to the third floor, but it was a short flight of steps to the fourth. She…",Date of stay: November 2005,5.0
953,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or950-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The Best Yet,"Stayed for one week. Room was pristine, comfortable and climate controlled. Hotel staff were extremely cordial and accomodating, assisted in making arrangements for transportation, theater, special meals. Lovely cozy atmosphere convenient to tube and attractions. Frequent traveller to London and by far this is my favorite hotel (have previously stayed at 5 star hotels that don't come close in service and comfort).",Date of stay: September 2005,5.0
954,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or950-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Home away from home,"Spent 2 weeks at the Cranley when I was in town for an extended business trip. Not a hotel for one used to extensive facilities, but more aptly described as a boutique hotel with the cosyness of a B&B.  The interior is quintessentially British, a little dated, but reminiscent of the halcyon days of an earlier era. The history of the hotel and the former residents of the 3 seperate homes which now constitute the hotel (included in the hotel information package) says it all.  Loved the hotel's umbrellas and Penhaligon's toiletries. Nice touches.  Staff were pleasant and personable. Breakfast was served promptly. Above all, the rates are very reasonable for a residence in the upscale South Kensington environs.  I highly recommend this place with a slight tinge of regret for fear…",Date of stay: October 2005,5.0
955,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or955-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cranley is Wonderful,"Stayed at the Cranley for only one night.  It was such a wonderful place...I wish I had opted to stay longer.  The Cranley, located in the lovely South Kensington area of London, is more like an elegant private residence than a hotel. The staff was very courteous and honored my request for a room with two beds (twins) and a late check-out.    The Cranley's rooms have beautiful high ceilings, huge windows and flat screen tvs. The bathroom was a bit small, but well appointed (with Penhaligon's toiletries).    The complimentary tea service at 4:00 p.m. and champagne/canape service at 7:00 p.m.---made my friend and I feel like we were family.  The Hotel is an easy walk from the South Kensington Tube station and seemingly miles aways from the ""hub-bub"" of the big city (but in…",Date of stay: November 2005,5.0
956,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or955-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Home away from home ... only BETTER!,"After reading other glowing reviews of this hotel, and looking at the hotel website, I booked a room here for my London vacation -- I wanted pampering and comfort. From beginning to end, my hotel stay was just brilliant, and just what I wanted. The entire hotel (a converted townhouse in South Kensington) is elegantly and consistently decorated, with a wonderful Victorian feel, but still light and airy. The room was as beautiful as in the photos I'd seen; the bathroom was huge, elegant, and totally modernized and convenient. Afternoon tea is included, served right in the room. There's no dining room, but there is room service, and the hotel is half a block from a bewildering array of excellent restaurants, coffee shops, and other stores. (And free wireless Internet in the lobby!)…",None,5.0
957,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or955-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Definitely our new favorite London hotel,"We booked the hotel through --- and got an amazing deal of USD 133 per night which included all taxes and breakfast. But the listed rate of USD 240 is worth it as well. Located on a quiet street in fashionable South Kensington, the Cranley is an enjoyable 25 minute walk to Trafalgar Square or 20 to Buckingham Palace. There are smart cafes nearby and a few very cozy local pubs for lunch, dinner, or just a beer. Because the hotel is boutique (38 rooms) the service is personnable and attentive. Our room was spacious, appointed with a beautiful dresser, 4 poster bed, flat screen tv, attractive night stands on each side of the bed, bathrobes and slippers. Afternoon tea looked great although we didn't have time and the evening champagne was excellent by the fireside. Truly a lovely…",Date of stay: October 2005,5.0
958,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or955-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Brilliant, hospitable, friendly hotel","Though we only stayed a night here, we'd have no hesitation to spend many nights at the Cranley; for the rate we paid, I cannot imagine better accomodation. (British Airways Vacations - 119USD/double, reg 395USD)  We arrived early in the morning on an overnight flight from Toronto, and had initially inquired as to whether we could drop off our luggage - our room was ready for us almost upon arrival, as was coffee and tea. The room, though small, was sumtuous - well appointed, clean, quiet, and cozy. Air conditioning was welcome as well, with the early October temperature nearly 25 celsius! After exploring the immediate area, we returned for a full and proper afternoon tea served in our room, and later that night, champagne was offered (Lanson, I think)  - The staff made extra…",Date of stay: October 2005,5.0
959,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or955-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","The Cranley - London,  Not worthy of praise","Date - September 25, 2005 Reviewer - British Diplomatic Wife  What a letdown, perhaps the Italian guests booking out early should have been a warning.  First they grumbled about my internet booking, as a Diplomatic wife the internet is the quickest way of booking a room when I am abroad, if they don't like internet bookings take themselves off it but don't take it out on me.  The tea I was offered whilst I was waiting for my room, which was not ready even though it was after 2 o'clock came with milk that had soured.  Not a good start. Then, when all I wanted after a long journey was a refreshing shower to revive me, it didn't work, they said they would see to it, I even went out for a while so it could be done but I came back even more hot and sticky to find it had not been…",Date of stay: September 2005,2.0
960,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or960-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Friendly hotel,"My wife had booked a room at the hotel Cranley ,as we were very impressed with pictures on the website and especially my wife was very excited to stay at The Cranley.As I was not sure of meeting her due to my changed business plan.But fortunately I made it.When I joined my wife in the evening ,I went to the hotel and enquired ,on my arrival they offered me glass of champagne and the staff was very friendly. The room was spacious,  clean with good and fresh linen.In the evening we had drinks at the Honesty bar.The decor of the hotel really imperessed me. Breakfast is only continental but we had our breakfast at the near by coffee shop.  The hotel is situated near to the gloucester road tube station and there are quiet few restuarants near by.  The staff had recommend me an Indian…",None,5.0
961,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or960-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",perfect london hotel,"a friend and i spent 2 nights here in september - what a great choice! after flying overnight and arriving at 10am, we were thrilled to have our room ready and waiting for us to shower and refresh a bit before setting out for the day. the hotel is adorable - on a quiet residential street perfectly located to explore the city. very close to the gloucester road underground station, which is also conveniently on the same line that goes to heathrow.  everybody at the hotel was extremely pleasant and helpful with directions, reservations and suggestions. the room was a bit musty, but there were 2 big windows we were able to open to air things out a bit. the room was much much bigger than i expected with ample space to spread out. the bathroom was a good size as well and everything…",Date of stay: September 2005,4.0
962,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or960-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I can understand why so many people like this place,"We stayed at The Cranley this August, booking through an internet website into their lowest priced double room (not by choice - the more expensive rooms were sold out).  We chose The Cranley because it was in South Kensington, where we needed to be (we were visiting our daughter who was spending the summer in London in Kensington) and because of the reviews on this website. Still, we were a little apprehensive that by booking through the internet, we would end up with an inferior room or situation, and we were also mindful of a few negative reviews.  Let's cut to the chase:  We loved this place.  It was well located in a quiet neighborhood just off of Old Brompton Road, about 1/4 mile west of the S. Kensington tube stop, 1/4 mile east of Earl's Court, and 1/4 mile south of the…",Date of stay: August 2005,5.0
963,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or960-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I wish I lived there....,"WOW!!! All I can say is WOW! I stayed at the Cranley in London last June and it was the best hotel I have ever stayed in, and I usually frequent the Four Seasons. The best thing about the Cranely is their customer service. They make  a point to get to know you on a first name basis. The rooms are extremely clean. And I'm a germ phobe. I usually hate hotels because I don't think they are clean enough.  What's even better is the food, it's fresh and very GOOD!!! I miss the Cranley and wish I was there now. ",None,5.0
964,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or960-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",We wouldn't stay anywhere else!  The Cranley is perfect!,"We were looking for a hotel in London that was small, in a quiet location, and with easy access to museums and shops.  We also wanted a hotel that had personalized service and luxury accomodations.  Our goal was to find a place we would want to come back to again and again when visiting London.  The Cranley truly met all of our needs and is one of THE best hotels we have stayed at while traveling throughout the UK and Ireland.  Everything was so perfect, that I'll need to break it down to cover the details:   Staff:  The staff at the Cranley is supurb, frequently going above and beyond what you would expect.  They get to know you on a personal basis, remembering your names and itinerary, and helping with anything you require.  On a daily basis Maria and Rob gave me detailed…",Date of stay: August 2005,5.0
965,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or965-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A wonderful find,"The rave reviews this charming hotel has received are all true!  This is a wonderful, quaint hotel with a very friendly, helpful staff.  We spent three nights here on the first leg of our honeymoon in Europe.  We loved it so much, that we came back and spent another 2 nights on the last part of our trip. The Cranley is located on a nice quiet street, with fantastic restaurants just a few doors down. The rooms are beautifully decorated with antique furniture and oil paintings on the walls. I have nothing but positive things to say about this marvelous hotel. ",Date of stay: July 2005,5.0
966,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or965-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Shhh...don't tell anyone.,"I hesitate to write this in fear that it will be overrun and/or its rates go up.  We had never stayed in a residential section of London before but loved it.  It took a bit getting used to; its quite a hike to the tube but there are wonderful restaurants within ten minutes walk.   Our room wasn't ready so they quickly served us coffee out in the little patio area.  By the time we finished our first cup we had the room.  This was one of the cheaper rooms but very, very nice.  No restaurant here but a nice continental breakfast is brought to the room.   The staff here is amazing.  Say hello to Moe to bellman for me. ",Date of stay: July 2005,5.0
967,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or965-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Superb!,"Just retrurned from a 5 night stay at the Cranley.  The rooms although on the small side are spotless and very comfortable.  The staff are friendly and very professional...they couldn't do enough for us.    The Cranley is well situated, close to two tube stations.  (We were a bit leary of using the tube because of the recent bombings), and so used cabs extensively.  (A bit on the expensive side).  There are several fine restaurants and pubs, all within walking distance.  We would not hesitate to recommend the Cranley and will definitely stay there again on our next trip to London. ",Date of stay: July 2005,5.0
968,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or965-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A wonderful little hotel,"The Cranley is a wonderful little hotel well situated near some excellent restaurants, a choice of two tube stops and within hiking distance of Kensington Park, the V&A, Science Museum, and Harrods.  We stayed in the ""four poster"" room and found it spacious for a family of three.  The staff is delightful and helped make our stay in London a perfect vacation. ",Date of stay: July 2005,5.0
969,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or965-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",We give it a 10!,"We deceided to stay at The Cranley based on Trip Advisor comments and on our desire to stay in a quieter location.  We were not dissapointed.  Our room was lovely, our bed was most comfortable, and the towels were the thickest.  Upon our arrival at 5:00 pm the staff was abble to secure us 5th row seats for the 7:30 performance of Mama Mia and arrange a tour for the next morning.  We really enjoyed Noor Jahan, the little Indian resturant down the street.  We look foward to our next visit. ",None,5.0
970,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or970-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A little Gem,"Location A nice quiet side street about 5 minutes walk from the nearest tube station. About 10 minutes walk to the Brompton Road ( Armani, Harrods etc ). There’s a main road at the end of Bina Gardens where it’s easy to hail a cab (all the taxi drivers we used to get back to the hotel didn’t know of The Cranley, but they did know Bina Gardens ). Secure parking is about 5 minutes walk away and easy to find. There is limited parking on the street ( OK for dropping off / picking up cases ).  Staff Exactly what I hope for from this type of hotel – friendly, polite and discrete. Unlike some other top hotels I’ve stayed at in London the staff don’t have a “superior” attitude. Room service was prompt, the staff straight in and out ( none of this hanging around, little cough and the…",Date of stay: June 2005,5.0
971,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or970-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great in executive room or better,Wonderful deep squidy duvet on four poster bed.  What more could a girl want at the end of a long day?  A vodka orange?  Delivered to her door?  Perfect. ,None,5.0
972,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or970-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cranley one of London's best kept secrets,"We stayed at The Cranley for two nights at the end of May on a special romantic package which included Champagne and other small luxuries, having read the reviews on this site I can honestly confirm that the Hotel more than lived up to it's expectations.   The room was beautiful with one of the comfiest beds I have ever slept in, my only criticism would be the small bathroom but in London this is always a problem and my partner has his own plumbing and heating company so he is super fussy about the facilities, but having said that they all worked and were very clean and well presented.  The bank holiday monday was sunny in London so we took our champagne out into the front garden and with it came some lovely fresh canapes which they made specially for us, which was a lovely…",Date of stay: May 2005,5.0
973,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or970-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",All that we could have wished for!,"The Cranley Hotel offered us everything we had hoped for in a London hotel: first-class amenities, a hospitable staff, accomodations that are tastefully British without being stuffy, and a quiet residential neighborhood removed from noisy traffic, yet still accessible to main attractions.  The Cranley not ony fulfilled these requirements but went beyond them in providing us with an unforgettable London experience.  And this was due mainly to the incredible staff.  Maria O. and Andre, in particular, went above and beyond in helping us on every level.  We will definitely stay here on all future London trips. ",None,5.0
974,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or970-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",better than the dorchester,"my husband stays at the dorchester when he is on business and certainly has no complaints for its decor, staff or service...however, i chose the cranley from a small and elegant hotels website for a pleasure trip for our family. after spending a week in italy it was great to come into a warm and intimate hotel w/ superb service...even though it wasn't tea time they could see we were tired and arranged to serve us in the cozy public room that a few people complained was too small....we love it that way!!! our room wasn't large but the bed was soooo comfortable and the decor was soo my taste (wish i could purchase some of the prints)...the hotel must not have been busy since they gave my teenage daughter a room of her own on the same floor at no extra charge to us!!!! yes, that…",Date of stay: April 2005,5.0
975,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or975-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely Hotel with Wonderful Service!,"From before we left for England to the minute we checked out; the Cranley made the experience wonderful....  The staff was more than helpful, going the extra mile to insure our happiness and comfort. The concierge took care of all of excursions with promptness and great advice. The management, having been in touch with me by email before our arrival, was waiting for us and even allowed us to choose the room we wanted since our arrival was so early in the day! From the moment of our arrival, we felt like royalty! The accommodations were lovely, nice beds, linens, beautiful furniture. Very quiet street for being in such a good location. The complimentary tea each afternoon, the champagne each evening, gave the hotel a very elegant, yet comfortable feel. Great location, very safe,…",Date of stay: April 2005,5.0
976,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or975-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The Cranley was a highlight of our trip to London,"My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our week at the Cranley.  Our daughter is studying in London and the Cranley's location was close to her.  The staff welcomed her visits and graciously added provisions to our lovely afternoon teas.  All the staff were eager to help in any way.  We found the parlor to be a very nice place to sit, although our room was spacious and so we chose to enjoy our tea there.  We would definitely chose the Cranley again. ",Date of stay: April 2005,5.0
977,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or975-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Rather twee,"As a regular visitor to London, from the English ""provinces"", my travelling companion and I keep an eye on Tripadvisor hotel reviews and happily try out hot tips for ourselves. The Cranley has been well tipped for months; but we were a little disappointed. I quite understand that our US cousins will find in the cosiness what they might imagine to be a quintessential Englishness. The open fire in the drawing room, the mannered feeling that you are in somebody's house rather than a hotel - yes, but in a style that no real person has lived for 2 generations or more. Of course this doesn't matter; all hotels have something of the film set about them, but as an English couple we weren't really interested in reliving an Edwardian period piece. First of all, the rooms are small, even…",Date of stay: February 2005,3.0
978,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or975-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A great townhouse hotel,"My husband and I stayed at the Cranley in November. I first became aware of the Cranley through a Luxury Link auction. There was a very nice sounding auction offer at a good price. I checked the hotels website and they had the very same offer through the hotel, without the uncertainty of booking an auction trip. I did not book the 50pound canopy bed upgrade.   We arrived at the hotel at 11:30 am and begged to be able to check in. the only room available was in the basement with a view of some water tanks or something and a low ceiling. We had the choice of waiting till 3:00 or upgrading. We asked to see the better room (the 50 pound upgrade) and were shown to a truly lovely spacious 2nd floor room with hight ceilings and huge windows. The upgrade was worth every penny!! The…",Date of stay: January 2005,5.0
979,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or975-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Above avaregae for a 3 star but lacks facilities,"We stayed at the Cranley in February whilst attending an exhibition at Earls Court which from the Cranley is very easy to get to. Staff are very helpful, the beds are excellent and the hotel is very clean.  However there is a downside in that there is no privacy there except for in your room as the lounge is basically a passage to the reception desk.  I would stay there again if it were not for the fact that at that sort of price there are hotels in the immediate area offering better facilities i.e The Harrington or Baileys. In my opinion its a VERY good 3 star and as such should offer a more realistic price for this category.  At the sort of money that it is to stay there then I expect more extensive facilities than are offered at this hotel, I especially missed the option of…",Date of stay: February 2005,2.0
980,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or980-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A special occasion made even more special,"We recently stayed in The Cranley to celebrate my husband's birthday - a special occasion made even more special by our choice of hotel. We had the penthouse suite - yes - expensive but based on our experience of UK and especially London hotels, definitely worth the money. The hotel's reception area is small as is the lounge but as we have never regarded the public spaces of a hotel as the place we want to hang out, it suited us fine. Afternoon tea in our room on arrival, champagne and delicious canapes before dinner, a Bailey's after dinner chatting to the wonderful reception staff, genuinely thoughtful recommendations for places to eat - all little touches that made the weekend memorable.   This is a boutique hotel - thus it does not have enormous public spaces and 5 star…",Date of stay: February 2005,5.0
981,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or980-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Review of the Cranley,"This hotel's mainly rave reviews make it an easy target for critisism.  I stayed there recently with my wife and in all honesty whilst we agreed its generally a ""nice and comfortable"" hotel,  we could not fully agree with the highly enthusiastic reviews that it receives every few days.     Its very clean and the beds are very comfortable but at the prices it charges I would expect that anyway.  Its akin to a boutique bed and breakfast with effectively no public areas to speak of and not even a breakfast room.  As such its very confined and you are aware of people all around you by way of creaking floorboards and stairs adjacent to most rooms.  Furnishings are antique style and bathrooms are victorian style ( very nice actually) but there is no actual theme to the furnishings,…",Date of stay: January 2005,2.0
982,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or980-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The best,"We live in Edinburgh and visit London regularly for business and pleasure. We like to stay near Kensington as the Piccadilly line of the underground is handy for Heathrow and all the attractions of central London. Recently because of trip advisor reviews we booked into the Cranley instead of the chain holtels we usually use. What an experience!  This hotel is situated in a quiet side street less than 5 minutes walk from Gloucester road. The room was beautiful with an exceptional bathroom and fine linens. The toiletries were expensive. The staff all seemed to know our names. Whenever we returned they asked about our day, and were happy to make recommendations. We were offered a drink, or tea on arrival, and best of all was daily afternoon tea with delightful warm scones, cream…",Date of stay: January 2005,5.0
983,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or980-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Overrated ?,"I am at a loss.  We stayed at the Cranley based on the reviews on Tripadvisor paying around 155 GBP a night for a superior room.  We are very regular users hotel accommodation throughout Europe and I think I expected a smaller version of say the Majestic in Barcelona. How disappointed I was, there is not even water in the room which at that price is not on.  The lounge is very small and is shared with the Reception Dek so that the receptionist is privy to every conversation.  There is not even a breakfast room.  The tiny TV set in the room was housed in a huge old wooden cabinet which did not even match anything else. We stayed on the lower ground floor, from 6 am onwards we were continually distrurbed by noise from the admin office and cleaners room which was located nearby. …",None,2.0
984,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or980-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I'll take the Cranley over any other London hotel,"My wife and I stayed at The Cranley for a long weekend in January and were more than pleased.  We had originally booked at another hotel, but after reading mixed reviews on this web site, we decided against our original choice and went with the Cranley.  Highlights:  1.Located in a quiet neighborhood setting in central London 2.Easy (and cheap) access from Heathrow on the Piccadilly Line / Gloucester Rd. station (40 mins from the airport + 5 minute walk to the hotel) 3.Complimentary afternoon tea and evening champagne 4.Personal and attentive staff make you feel like you are a personal friend with their concern for your comfort and personalized recommendations, etc. 5.You could spend all your time in the neighborhood between the small boutiques, restaurants, and looking at the…",None,5.0
985,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or985-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect,We choose the hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and were thrilled with the result. The room was well decorated and spacious. The Service is outstanding . All the staff was extremely polite and they went out of their way to make our stay a pleasant one. The Hotel is also very close to the Underground and lots of very good restaurants.  A wonderful experience I would definitely recommend staying @ The Cranley ,None,5.0
986,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or985-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Excellent hotel with great staff,"Hotels such as the Cranley restore my faith in travelling. What a surprise! A good friend suggested I stay there on a recent trip to London. Sure there are bigger hotels with restaurants but the Cranley is all about the best sleep on my travels. The beds are huge in comfort, proper mattresses and beautiful linens. The four poster room we had was just the most 'unhotel' like room we have stayed in. The atmosphere though is really made by some friendly and very helpful staff. I am not sure what shifts they have them working but the same crew seem to work 24 hour shifts. Melanie and Mo must have homes to go to, but they do give you helpful knowledge about the city. We stayed in January and with London being quite quiet they did succeed in getting us in the restaurants we wished to…",None,5.0
987,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or985-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Absolutely delightful,"There was such a relaxed feel to The Cranley. Staff were very courteous and helpful. The room was well proportioned and spotless, the service was excellent. We took the Romantic package and were not disappointed. Tea and coffee were offered as soon as we arrived. We had our Champagne and canapes in the early evening, breakfast was brought to our room next morning and was delicious. The Penhaligons goodies were an extra treat. We will most certainly return! ",None,5.0
988,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or985-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",What's all the fuss?,"We had prepaid reservations, but the hotel staff had trouble, they said, locating the  reservations; finally they put us in a basement room,  well-furnished but a bit clammy, with lightbulbs on wires  sticking directly from the walls in the hall.  The furnishings are pleasant if somewhat stuffy; no breakfast room, somewhat close  public lounge.  I don't quite understand all the  enthusiasm. ",None,3.0
989,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or985-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Dream nights stay,"We have just stayed at the Cranley Hotel for 2 nights, We stay at a lot of hotels all over the world but this one was extremly perfect price-service condition. Room was not big but was very nice decorated furniture, with a flatscreen TV, books about London etc. Bed was perfect, we slept very good, the best bed we have ever slept on !. Bathroom was very nice, good water and hot water when you needed it. Every morning a fully served breakfast on the room. Staf is very good and helpful and friendly with everything you need. Hotel is 4 minutes walk from the underground and for 4,70 pound you can travel the whole day trough London. Hotel location is very quiet and nice, and you have nice restaurant in 3 minutes walk. I think we will come back again. ",None,5.0
990,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or990-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Booked 4 nights, stayed for 8","I've stayed in The Cranley for 8 nights...and i dont know what to say about it its just Excellent  Being someone who is particular about cleanliness and service standards, I found myself truly pleased indeed. Our lovely Four Poster room was spacious clean and very cosy.  The service of the hotel was also excellent everyone was friendly and helping...they made everything easy for us...i just love it ...i will never forget this stay ",None,5.0
991,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or990-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Beautiful Hotel in great neighborhood,"My wife and I recently returned from a stay at The Cranley over New Years. The hotel is in a great neighborood, about a 4 minute walk from the Glouchester Road tube stop. The hotel is gorgeous inside, and the staff were exceedingly courteous and helpful. They even booked our dinner reservations after I had sent them an email telling them the times and restaurants we wanted to go to. Our room was small, but well decorated. The bathroom was spacious enough, and the shower stall was nice and roomy with great water pressure. The only drawback was that the room was almost unbearably hot, and even opening the windows did not seem to help. The only way to cool down the room was to run the AC full blast and it was pretty loud. ",None,4.0
992,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or990-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",great location great little hotel,"My sister and I were booked for 6 nights at the cranely(Dec 14-19) through an auction bid we had won through luxurylink(this is the best rate/offer you will get for this hotel).  our package included an executive room with breakfast, all taxes, and the complimentary canapes, tea, champagne in the hotel lounge.  What makes this hotel great is the staff.   Especially the reception/concierge.  Very responsive and informative.  The rooms even for an excutive are pretty small so i would hate to see the regular size rooms( then again everything in London is mini sized).  great linens and the bed is amazing to sleep on.  Breakfast is served in your room and you can even indicate beyond the time suggested on the order card when you would like to be served.  Hot pressurized showers,…",None,4.0
993,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or990-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The Cranley has new converts!,"I have stayed at the Cranley a number of times on both business and on vacation last summer with my teenage son.  In November I was able to convince two other seasoned London business travellers to try out the Cranley with me while we were in town.  We took three Exec rooms on the lower level -- the rooms were very spacious, great amenities and the flat screen TV's were  bonus.  Upon arriving late after a train ride from the Midlands, we were greated by name as we entered -- which greatly impressed my fellow travellers.  We relaxed with a drink while completing the check in procedure.  The staff was great as always!  The location is very handy to the Gloucester Tube and we used the tube to avoid London traffic which was very convenient.  My two US companions both concluded that…",None,5.0
994,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or990-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Just as reported, if not better!",Since I discovered Trip Advisor I always check before I book a hotel anywhere in the world.  The Cranley is a rare find at a reasonable price for London.  The hotel staff were charming and most helpful.  The room was lovely; just as I expected from the reports on the website.  They are very proud of their position (it's now 2nd; it was 3rd last week when I booked!) and they are hoping to improve that still further.    Travelling alone on business can sometimes be awkward for a woman but the atmosphere at The Cranley is such that I felt completely at ease.  The complimentary glass of champagne before I left for a dinner engagement in the City was most welcome.  Breakfast was excellent and very good value for money.    A little further away from the business centre but such a…,None,5.0
995,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or995-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming Edwardian Townhouse,We've just returned from a 5 night stay at the Cranley.  We had considered many properties in London but felt the charm of this Townhouse in a quiet neighborhood in South Kensington would be the perfect night's rest after a busy day.  And it was.  From the moment we arrived were we were graciously met by a charming staff to the day of our departure when a quality mercedes was quietly waiting to usher us to the next part of our journey. The staff were personal but knew exactlly when to give you your space.  They were very helpful and I hope if you stay here you have an oppourtunity to meet Hassan and Melanie.   The room was excellent - tall ceilings and beautifully decorated with an old world charm.  We have stayed in several places in London but no bed was more luxurious than…,None,5.0
996,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or995-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great weekend at the Cranley,We stayed at the Cranley for a weekend earlier this year. We picked the hotel based upon the good reviews we read on this site and we weren't at all disappointed. You know you're in a very good hotel as soon as you walk into the Cranley. You are offered a drink as soon as you walk in and the check in is very professionally handled. The rooms (we only chose a basic room) was spacious and clean with a very nice bathroom. The décor was very good indeed and the bed and furnishings very comfortable. The location of the hotel is very good being on a quiet road yet very close (5 mins walk) to both Gloucester Road and South Kensington tube stations. All in all probably the best hotel I've found in London and worth every penny. ,None,5.0
997,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or995-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great hotel in a good location.,"We stayed at the Cranley in September, choosing it after many, many hours of pondering hotels on various online sites. It was a great choice, and mucho thanks to Trip Advisor and TA's patrons for highlighting it.  We passed by some of the other hotels during our stay and were so happy we'd chosen the Cranley. Its location is great. it's near enough to a major road to have easy access to restaurants (including a great Indian restaurant just 3 doors down, excellent for those nights when you're just too weary to go any farther). But Old Brompton Rd. is only a medium-sized major road, so the Cranley still feels like it's in a neighborhood.  The underground is a bit of a walk, but a nice walk, and very convenient to lots of lines. The staff was very helpful, even though the London…",Date of stay: September 2004,5.0
998,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or995-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Experience at the Cranley!,"The Cranley was a superb boutique hotel.  The staff was friendly and helpful and provided many amenities, including afternoon tea, drinks and snacks during late afternoon hours.  The rooms were very clean and included flat screen TVs.  They were also big enough with ample closet space and a nice sized marble bathroom with quality toiletries provided.    It is in a beautiful neighborhood and within a five minute walk to the subway and a Starbucks!  Many restaurants surround the hotel.    The only downside is that each time you leave, you must surrender your key to the front desk.  When you return, you buzz to get in and they give your key back. ",None,5.0
999,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or995-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Very nice, but overlooked some little details.","I spent a weekend with my boyfriend in the Cranley recently. I booked the romantic package which amongst other things promised an executive double room and Penhaligans bath oil, scented candle and body lotion. Our room was a standard room and not an executive room, I have no doubt about that. It was lovely but very small and did not have a half canister bed, which is apparently the case with their executive rooms. I let this go on the basis that the bed was still lovely and we had a nice view onto the street. When we arrived the bath oil was in the room, but no candle and no body lotion. It is quite embarrassing to have to ask for these things but as they were quoted as part of the package, I did . The candle arrived that evening  with the maid service, but I was told by the…",None,4.0
1000,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1000-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","The Cranley, THE Place to stay in London!","This was simply the most amazing place I have ever stayed in my life. We had a Suite on the roof top, overlooking London, and the view was spectacular. There is nothing better than sitting with your friends enjoying some drinks (from the fully-stocked ""honor"" bar) in the Hotel Lobby. The Receptionist, Dominic, really went out of his way to make us feel at home. We arrived early in the morning, rang the call button on the front door, and he instantly recognized who we were. You should stay at the Cranley Hotel for the hospitality and the amazing service - you will not regret it. ",None,5.0
1001,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1000-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Thumbs UP for Cranley,"Stayed at THE CRANLEY Sept 30 through Oct 4. Staff very professional and responded to every request. Property is spotless.  Weekend rates (cheaper - Fri, Sat, Sun) include deluxe continental breakfast which is served in your room AT THE TIME REQUESTED.  We had deluxe double, king size, VERY COMFORTABLE, bed.  Large room with roomy, very nice bathroom.  Linens and towels were luxurious. We stayed in a front room and there was no street noise.  It is in a quiet location.  We met several repeat customers who have been coming back for  years. Property is easy 10 minute walk to the Gloucester road tube.  Piccadilly, Circle and District lines all stop there.  Plan on using the tube, it is the cheapest and fastest way to go and EASY TO USE.  Just one world of caution, do to the layout,…",None,5.0
1002,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1000-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",They've Got It Right,"This is how you run a hotel, folks. This is how it's done. Total Class. Understated, elegant, charming...And guests are treated as just that--""guests"". Booked through Expedia and expected the usual ""Room Only"" discount treatment, but instead we were met with complimentary afternoon tea (they even got the scones perfect), complimentary Champagne and canapes.....and friendly smiles! It's as if they're actually glad to have you staying with them. You're even invited to have a seat during check-in. It's customary for them to retain a cc # for incidental charges such as phone, room service, etc. Told the lady at the desk all I had was a debit card with nothing in the account, and she waived the whole procedure. No deposit, no nothing--they trusted me! Everyone there did more than…",None,5.0
1003,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1000-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",outstanding hotel in perfect location,"My husband and I stayed at The Cranley for eight nights in early September, and found the hotel to be everything these Trip Advisor reviews report and more.  The location is excellent. Kensington is a wise choice for your London hotel unless you have some specific need to be elsewhere. The walk to the Gloucester Road tube stop is very short (turn right on Wetherby Gardens and walk directly to Gloucester Road and left to the tube instead of going north on Ashburn Place to Courtfield Road and around to the tube, which your map may imply as more direct). It's also a nice walk along the Old Brompton Road to the South Kensington tube. Most important, both Gloucester Road and South Kensington are served by the Circle, District, and Piccadilly lines, which should send you off to most…",Date of stay: September 2004,5.0
1004,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1000-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Our London Home,"I just returned from a stay at The Cranley with my love, and we are already dreaming of our return visit.  We did a lot of research before deciding on The Cranley (including here at tripadvisor---, which is one of the finest travel information resources I've found), and our expectations were very high.  The realization exceeded the anticipation in every possible way, however.  The staff was incredibly helpful, informative, and friendly at every stage, from before our stay until after we checked out.  They really do make you feel at home, and they are The Cranley's greatest resource.  Our room was absolutely beautiful with a breathtaking bay-window view of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, and all the amenities were top-notch.  Our four-poster bed was the most…",None,5.0
1005,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1005-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Perfect!!!,"I found ""The Cranley"" absolutely perfect for my needs. A stunning nice, clean, cozy big house recently became a top level small hotel. everything was brand new and at his place. Warm and luxury room, even a bit small. Amazing bathroom. Superb service and room cleaning. Lovely location, close to the underground station, in the heart of south Kensington. ",None,4.0
1006,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1005-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Loved it, but...","We chose this hotel based on the tripadvisor reviews. Most of what has been said is true. What I would specially highlight is the excellent (and non arrogant service). They were extremely helpful and nice, unbooked and booked restaurants for us... offered us tea upon arrival, the afternoon tea was really nice as well as the champagne with canapes... We had a superior room in the ground floor -where the rooms are supposed to be the largest. The room was indeed spacious, comfortable, clean and decorated with some beautiful (and some not so beautiful) antiques, the bathroom was quite small. All and all I would not go into superlatives about the room. We payed over 400 US $ per night... and I think that this is quite a bit of money for what you get. But I guess accomodation in…",None,4.0
1007,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1005-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Lovely,"We spent four days (28 June till 1 July) at The Cranley with my wife over a long weekend in London (went to see a rock Concert in the Royal Albert Hall). Our whole stay was marvellous.  Everything was as stated by other reviewers or even better.  We arrived to the hotel, and the check-in process was very fast, being the staff very polite. Our fist surprise was that we were upgraded at no cost from our executive room to the Penthouse Suite in the 4th floor (elevator is only available until 3rd floor).  The room was perfect, with a marvellous and comfortable bedand a plasma-LCD TV. Everything was very clean.  There was one living room (with a two person sofa, desk, armchair, and one table. It even had a small terrace, plus a plasma or LCD Thin TV  Breakfast Room service was great,…",Date of stay: July 2004,5.0
1008,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1005-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A+ Experience,"Just returned from a four-night stay at the Cranley Hotel, traveling with my teenaged daughter. Our twin-bed room was lovely, comfortable, and well-maintained. Adjoining bathroom was roomy, nicely decorated, and stocked with high-end amenities. Accommodations were quiet, with luxurious and cozy public rooms, and the staff were universally friendly, professional, and very welcoming. Room service club sandwiches were delicious, and complimentary tea with scones enjoyed al fresco was a delight! We'll definitely return for more stays here; I recommend this hotel highly.  (One caveat: I found the stairs -- four flights to our room -- daunting, but also an inspiration to get back into shape when I got home.)  Location was very good, about a 10-minute walk from Gloucester Road tube…",None,5.0
1009,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1005-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Great Little Hotel,Wonderful - didn't really want to review - like to keep gems like this to myself!! ,None,5.0
1010,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1010-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Absolute perfection,"From the room, to the employees, to the location, and including the best scones and cream tea The Cranley Hotel was absolutely wonderful. There is nothing that we would have changed, and we highly recommend it. ",None,5.0
1011,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1010-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cozy B&B,My husband and I spent a week in London and for most of our time we stayed at The Cranley. This bed & Breakfast was very charming. The staff were very polite. My husband went on and on about how great this B&B was after we returned to the States and I strongly agreed with his assessment.  Our first night we spent in the room with the king size four poster bed at the front of the row house. Best room in the house if you can afford the high tarriffs. The other nights we spent in a more modest room on the top floor. The room was more spacious than most London Hotels. The bathrooms are beautiful and the bedrooms are nicely appointed. the linens are to die for and the bed... I still dream about the beds-best nights of sleep I ever had.  The only draw back is that the hotel is about a…,None,5.0
1012,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1010-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Magnificent!,"The Cranley was superb!  from the moment I checked in, the staff was friendly, and helpful.  The hotel was immaculate and absolutely perfect.  I am planning another trip abroad in the near future and I certainly hope that there is availability at the Cranley.  Afternoon tea in the cozy lobby or champagne and canopies in the evening, there was absolutely nothing but professionalism and attention to detail.",None,5.0
1013,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1010-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Very 'English' hotel,"My 19-year-old daughter and I just returned from London and spending six nights at The Cranley.  Very lovely inside and out.  Enjoyed the slippers, robes and heated towel racks!  Great breakfast delivered to our room!  Extremely professional, helpful staff.  Tube station very handy, although we did most of our touring on foot -  we loved walking through the little streets enroute to some fabulous museum.  This is a few minutes walk to the V&A, but we also walked to Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly, etc. by cutting through Hyde Park.  This isn't an inexpensive hotel but it is a great (and quiet) place to retire at the end of a long day of being a tourist.  We would definitely stay there again.",Date of stay: May 2004,5.0
1014,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1010-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Wonderful vacation!,"My husband and I recently returned from a five night stay at The Cranley.  We only have praise for this charming, initimate townhouse hotel.  The staff offered first-rate service and our room was most attractively decorated.  Be aware, however, that the hotel is located in South Kensington, mainly a residential area.  Although the closest tube stop is only a few blocks away, you need to allow time to reach most locations of interest.  It is still worth the visit.",None,5.0
1015,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1015-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Loved this hotel,"My 11 year old daughter and I had the pleasure of spending 3 nights at the Cranley at the end of April.  This was a special mother daughter weekend and the staff were great in making sure we had everything both before and during our trip.  They were very helpful in booking activites for us, and making my daughter feel at home on her 1st trip abroad.  The service was excellent, and our room very comfortable.  Even though the Cranley is advertised as a business hotel, they were very accomodating towards my daughter, and I would definitely stay there if I come over with my whole family.  The location is 5-7 minutes from the tube and there are numerous places to eat nearby.",None,5.0
1016,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1015-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A real treat,"I booked this hotel for 2 nights end of March 2004 as a special treat for my parents, so I wanted to have everything billed to my credit card even though I wasn't accompanying them. I called the Cranley to arrange the third party billing, they were most cooperative and helpful. Not one glitch !  Location is perfect, in the middle of chic South Kensington, very quiet and 10mn walk from Tube. As for the hotel itself, the gorgeous advertising pictures do not even do it justice. No dining room , but room service is excellent, a la carte breakfast is the perfect start to a busy day of London sight seeing. Definitely worth the price , earned me lots of brownie points with my folks....",None,5.0
1017,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1015-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The perfect boutique hotel.,"Wonderful....I bought a 5 night package on LuxuryLink (recommend highly!) and everything was better than expected. What a value! For about $220/night we got an upgraded 4- poster king executive room with 12 foot ceilings, bay window, lots of room, antiques and original art, breakfast, afternoon tea/scones and champagne with hors doevres everyday! And taxes included! The staff is wonderful and the reception room with the marble fireplace very cozy. Bathrooms were fine with awesome water pressure and heated towel racks. Location about 5-7 minutes from tube, 1 minute from restaurants (go to Noor Jahan for Indian). Just lovely! Only problem was no email service (out of order, but used an internet shop down street from tube-cost 1-2 pounds per use). You won't be disappointed!!!",None,5.0
1018,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1015-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Just Like Home but better at The Cranley,"Five delightful nights in South Kensington at the Cranley - heaven. The townhouse hotel is quiet, immaculate, well located to the tube and museums. The staff could not be more accommodating, and tea in the afternoon was so relaxing. Bedding is top notch, and the bathrooms are new and elegant. Water pressure is excellent. Quite adult - we would certainly stay again.",None,5.0
1019,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1015-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",I keep going back to The Cranley,"I love The Cranley. Its location is perfect -- within walking distance of both South Kensington and Gloucester Road tube stations, the major museums and some great shopping on the King's Road. Though the rooms are on the smallish side (but a fair size for London), they are beautifully appointed, especially the four-poster bed rooms. The bathrooms are also very nice, with lovely toiletries, big towels and those wonderful big English bathtubs you can soak in for hours. The room rate includes a generous Continental breakfast -- no stale croissants here, and champagne and sherry in the afternoon. The staff are conscientious and unobtrusive. There are some really good Indian restaurants just around the corner and some fun pubs within walking distance. I travel to London a lot…",None,5.0
1020,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1020-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Enjoy the best hotel value in London,"Location is perfect .. 3 minutes to Glkouscter Road tube .. walking to shopping on Fulham and Brompton and Knightsbridge and Kings Road. Staff is 5+ stars. Ask for anything they will get it for you. Rooms and beds are superb. They do have the usual tiny big city rooms that are OK for 1 so make sure you ask for the larger rooms .. the rooms in the basement are ideal! You will not be disappointed at this hotel. Well, except you might as well pass on the in-room breakfast it is not worth the charge.",Date of stay: October 2004,5.0
1021,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1020-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London","Excellent location, wonderful staff","Had a five night stay here 9/03. Loved the location because of the proximity of so many good restaurants nearby. Rooms were lovely although you may wish to avoid the room below reception because of early morning activity there. They were very accomodating about moving us, though.",None,4.0
1022,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1020-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Cranley was a great choice.,"My wife and I stayed here on our first trip to Europe last June. Mo, the concierge was a great help. The rooms are nice, large bathrooms with great showers. Location is great, very peaceful and close to museuams. Check out the Indian resturant next to the hotel!",None,5.0
1023,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1020-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A perfect place for our family,"We were a family of five, travelling to Great Britain for our first trip abroad. Our third, and final stop was London. We were tired after a long day of travelling and were so pleasantly surprised to find that the Cranley Hotel was so perfect. From the moment we arrived, the staff treated us with the upmost warmth and courtesy. Our two rooms, on the ground floor were spacious, clean and elegant. The three children were in an adjacent , very large room with an enormous bathroom. Beautiful linens , marble bathrooms and lovely wallhangings completed the picture. We were immediately served afternoon tea, a ritual that we indulged in every day. We loved the location and found ourselves using the tube exclusively for our travels. Breakfast was delicious and ample. Finally, the staff…",None,5.0
1024,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1020-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",The best hotel in London!!,"I can't say enough about how wonderful The Cranley truly is. Every aspect of gracious hospitality has been addressed, from the warm greeting & early check-in (a very welcome experience after a long flight) to the sumptuous breakfasts, teas & canapes in the evening. The 24 hr staff are warm & friendly and couldn't have been more helpful. We definitely looked forward to ""coming home"" at the end of a long day of touring. Not to mention its convenient location; just down the street from the Gloucester Rd. tube station and in a lovely neighborhood with bars, restaurants & groceries. We'll stay there on EVERY trip to London in the future. Fabulous!",None,5.0
1025,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1025-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Charming & friendly,"A lovely little hotel in a great location, with a truly wonderful staff - warm, friendly, attentive.Returning to the hotel every evening, walking through the charming residential streets of South Kensington, felt like coming home.A few caveats:We were a party of three, in two rooms. The double room was spacious and comfortable, but my single room was so small I had to keep my suitcase in the closet so I could reach the bed. It was attractive and clean, though, with high ceilings and a fully-appointed bathroom.There is an elevator, but it doesn't reach the fourth floor. You have to walk up from the third. Understandable for a retro-fitted Victorian home, but worth noting for folks who can't manage a flight of stairs.The TV-internet access was awkward to set up, and almost…",Date of stay: June 2003,4.0
1026,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1025-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Don't ever try to cancel a reservation!,"Don't ever try to cancel a reservation here.  My husband and I cancelled an April reservation back in February(we have the paperwork to prove this),however, two nights were charged to our credit card in April(interestingly these two nights would have been in the middle of our reservation.)  For a hotel with such a fine reputation, they are certainly not in any hurry to rectify this appalling situation.  We would definitely never plan to stay at The Cranley!",None,1.0
1027,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1025-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",Value for money... Friendly and Efficient,"Four poster beds, plenty of light fluffy pillows and best of all a nice quiet environment.  The only hotel I know that has your favourite drink available when you arrive.  Don't look for the dining room, there isn't one. Breakfast arrives each morning at your room at the requested time.  Being Canadian we have to search out value for our money as the exchange rate is murder.  The Cranley is a winner.",None,5.0
1028,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1025-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A Gem,"Tucked down a side street in Kensignton, the Cranley oozes a unique, quite charm.  Although they removed their nifty (but small) breakfast room a couple of years ago, things haven't changed a bit through several stays. Actually, the rooms seemed to have been spiffed-up a bit over the past year or two, bringing ""very nice"" rooms up to great rooms.   Don't look for chrome and gaudy...just warm and comfortable.  It's not the Ritz, but that's why you stay there. ",Date of stay: March 2003,5.0
1029,/Hotel_Review-g186338-d199856-Reviews-or1025-The_Cranley_Hotel-London_England.html#REVIEWS,"The Cranley Hotel Reviews, London",A wonderful town house hotel. Elegant and clean -- a home away from home,"We visited London in April 2000  Without knowing much about the various hotels, I chose The Cranley for my first visit to London and never regretted it. I knew I wanted to stay in or around Kensington. I was traveling with my spouse and five year old son, and anyone who's been to London knows kids can sometimes present a challenge. Many hotels don't have rooms large enough to accommodate a triple. Not so at The Cranley.   When we arrived, we were offered tea and biscuits (cookies) immediately and sat in an elegant and comfortable lobby/sitting room while we waited to check in. It was early April and the weather was brisk, but a warm fire welcomed us. We had arrived very early (9am) after an all night flight from the states, but the hotel allowed us to check our luggage with them…",None,5.0
